Aincrad 57th floor, April 2024

Part 1
Just what's with her, this girl?
Well, sure, the one who said "The weather's so nice, so why don't you go take a nap" was indeed me, the one who laid down on the grass to demonstrate those words was also me, and of course the one who carelessly fell asleep was me yet again.
But to think that just by taking a short nap of slightly less than thirty minutes, I would open my eyes to find her soundly asleep right next to me. There should be a limit to how much someone can exceed my expectations. I don't know whether to think this as boldness, stubbornness, or maybe —— it was simply a lack of sleep?
Just what is with this. Shaking my head left and right with that thought of utter helplessness expressed on my face, I stared at the beautifully dignified face of the rapier user Asuna «The Flash» —— the sub-leader of the guild "Knights of the Blood", lightly breathing as she slept.

The story started when I, having lost my mood to go into the gloomy labyrinth area with how good the weather was, planned to spend the whole day counting butterflies at the small knolls surrounding the teleport gate in the main town.
The weather was truly splendid. The virtual floating city Aincrad's four seasons is synchronized with reality, but the degree of accuracy in the replication is really overly rigorous, with the summers hot without fail daily, and the winters cold as they are supposed to be. In addition to temperature, there are also rain and wind, moisture, dust level, and even swarms of insects included as parameters for the climate. Usually, if one of the parameters was good, you can expect another to be horrible.
But today was different. The temperature was mildly warm, genial rays of sunlight permeated through the air, the gentle breeze blew constantly, yet not overly so, and to top it all off, no weird insects appeared. Even if it was spring, having this many parameters for the climate set at good values is an event that occurs no more than five times a year.
The digital god was probably rewarding me for the hardships I endured whilst clearing the front lines, and wanted me to lie down for a nice nap. Understanding this, I was about to follow his will but ——
When I laid down against the lush gentle hill and began to fall asleep, a pair of white leather shoes crunched down right beside my head. At the same time, a familiar voice strictly came from above. Saying thus:
——The clearing group is in the labyrinth zone doing their best, so why are you here leisurely taking a nap?
With my eyes virtually closed, I replied. Saying thus:
——'Tis weather is most fullsome from that of the year. We canst do naught but enjoy it to its end.
The strict voice then rebutted yet again:
——The weather hath changed naught from day to day.
To this, I answered thus:
——Rest hither by my side and thou shalt soon understand.
Of course, the exchange proceeded in modern tongue in reality, but anyway, as a result, she really laid down beside me for reasons unknown to me, and actually managed to fall into a deep slumber.
Now then.
It was currently before noon, some of the players going to and leaving from the teleport gate plaza were staring without restraint at Asuna and I neatly lying side by side on the lush field. Some of them stared wide-eyed in shock, some giggled and there were even a few impolite ones flooding the area with flashes coming from recording crystals.
Then again, they can't really be blamed. When speaking of the sub-leader of the KoB, Asuna, a conquest monster that could make crying kids quiet down, or a turbo engine that continues to push down the front line at a surging quick pace is what comes to mind. And as for this solo player, Kirito —— although not quite to my liking —— the top delinquent of the clearing group, who always hung out with a bunch of frivolous guys, and played stupid games with them.
With that particular combination taking a nap together, even I, one of the people involved, felt like laughing. Even though I say that, I would be the one suffering if she were to get angry after I wake her up, so leaving her there was probably my only choice.
——The desire to do so was great, but I couldn't actually do it.
Because if «The Flash» had continued to sleep soundly like this, she may be targeted by all sorts of harassment —— and not to mention —— at worst, she may even be PKed.
It's true that where we are at now, the central plaza of the main street area of the 59th floor was still within the «area».
More accurately, it should be said to be the «Anti-Criminal Code Effective Area».
Inside this area, players are definitely unable to hurt other players. Even if they used weapons to hack at each other, there would only be a purple system effect, and the other player's HP bar wouldn't drop by even one millimeter, with the various poison-causing items having no effect as well. Of course, theft of items and such is also impossible.
In other words, the area was just like what the term "Anti-Criminal" meant; with no way to carry out criminal acts directly. This is an absolute rule in this death game called «SAO», on the same level with the rule that «Once the HP becomes zero, it means death».
But unfortunately, there were still some loopholes around this rule.
One of them is when the player's sleeping. There are times when players, with their energy exhausted through long durations of battle, are basically unconscious when they go into a deep sleep, and unable to wake up even with some stimulations. With that opportunity, one could raise a request to duel in «Complete Decisive Mode» and move the sleeping opponent's finger to press on the OK button. All that was left was to literally make the opponent sleep like the dead.
Another method, that's even more daring, was to drag the opponent's body out of the area. The player lying on the ground couldn't be forcefully moved through the protection of the «Code», but they can be moved about freely if placed on the «Stretcher» item.
These two methods were actually used by people in the past. The «Red»s' evil passion can be said to be completely out of our imagination. Right now, all the players were taking such tragedies as a lesson, and would definitely sleep in player homes with doors that can be locked, or inns. Even for me, I'd use the «Searching Skill» before I sleep to set up an alarm nearby and wouldn't dare to sleep soundly before that.
——However.
At this moment, «The Flash», fast asleep beside me, was doubtlessly letting out delta waves recklessly. She probably wouldn't wake up even if I took out a make-up item to draw graffiti on that face of hers. Seriously now, I don't know whether she's really daring or stubborn or——
"Maybe...she's really tired."
I muttered.
In SAO, even though it depends on the build as well, solo play will be the most effective for those who are aiming to level up. However, this girl was not only spending time intently watching the leveling progress of the other members in her guild, but also leveling up at almost the same rate as me. I guessed she must have sacrificed lots of sleep to train on mobs even late at night.
I, too, have memories of the difficulty of doing that. The me from 4 to 5 months ago was similarly immersed in such hardcore experience gaining, and I would sleep for several hours, during which I felt like I was dead, completely unable to be woken up.
I swallowed a sigh, took out a drink from my storage to get ready for the long battle, and sat back down on the grass.
I was the one who told her to sleep. In that case, I should have the obligation to stay here until she woke up.

As the orange sun revealed its face from the outside of the floating city, Asuna «The Flash» finally woke up with a soft sneeze.
I believe that she'd been sleeping for well over 8 hours. It wasn't a simple problem of her taking a nap anymore. Having accompanied her without getting to eat lunch, I looked forward to seeing this cold and cool sub-leader-sama's interesting reaction upon understanding the situation at the very least, as I stared at her fixedly.
"...Unyuu..."
Asuna muttered something strange, blinked a few times, and then looked up at me.
Her perfectly shaped eyebrows frowned slightly. She used her right hand to push herself off the grass shakily, and then shook that chestnut-colored hair of hers before looking right, left and right again.
Lastly, Asuna looked at me who was sitting beside her cross-legged once more——
Her transparent-like snowy-white skin immediately flushed red (most likely, out of embarrassment), and then turned somewhat blue (most likely, she's thinking hard), and finally, reddened out once again (most likely, out of extreme rage).
"Wha...yo...wh..."
I gave my biggest smile to «The Flash» who was again muttering strange things to herself yet again, and spoke.
"Good morning. Did you sleep well?"
Her hand, covered by the white leather glove, jolted.
However, as expected of the sub-leader of the strongest guild, Asuna seemed to have succeeded on the saving throw for restraining her rage as she neither drew her rapier nor immediately ran away.
She just gritted those elegantly glossy teeth of hers, from which a short phrase was forced out,
"...One meal."
"Ha?"
"A meal. I'll treat you one, no matter how expensive. We're even with that. How's that."
I don't hate this girl's straightforward personality. She, who has just woken up, immediately understood why I'd spent so much time accompanying her until she awoke. Not just to prevent PKs, but even to the extent of allowing her to relieve the fatigue she'd built up, letting her sleep for as long as she wanted.
I curled my lips —— without a trace of sarcasm this time —— and smiled before answering with an okay.
I actually wanted to use this chance to joke and say that we should just go over to her house to eat her self-prepared food, but I still managed to control this impulse in the end. I raised my stretched-out legs and used the recoil to stand up, then offered my right hand as I said,
"The restaurant on the main streets of the 57th floor is rather good, despite being run by an NPC. Let's go there."
"...Fine."
Asuna coldly grabbed onto my hand and stood up before sharply looking away. She raised her hands up high as if she was about to breathe in all of the sunset air into her lungs.
1 year and 5 months have already passed since this death game called «Sword Art Online» began operating.
Before we knew it, almost 60% of the 100 floors of the floating city of Aincrad, which we first thought was extremely distant, were conquered, with the foremost front line at the 59th floor currently. The time taken to clear each floor on average was thus, 10 days. As for whether such a speed was fast or slow, even I, who was more knowledgeable about the clearing, couldn't tell. However, with this constant clearing speed, «A sentiment to enjoy life» seemed to develop in the upper-median floors, regardless of how meagre it was.
On the main street of the 57th level «Marten», such an atmosphere was rather abundant. This large street that's only 2 floors away from the front line had inevitably turned into the base camp for the clearing groups, as well as a tourist attraction. With the arrival of evening, the place would become extremely busy with the players returning from the front line above, or those coming from lower floors for dinner.
Asuna and I, who came down to Marten through the transfer gate on the 59th floor, walked side by side on this main street crowded with people. The many people we passed by who widened their eyes, startled, gave a feeling not at all pleasant. It's no wonder that they would have such an expression, since this aloof, beautiful woman, reputed to even have a fan club, had a very suspicious looking solo player walking brazenly by her side. I guess Asuna really wanted to use all of her agility to rush into the aforementioned shop, but unfortunately for her —— or perhaps fortunately, only I knew where the shop was.
As I pondered upon how there wouldn't be such a chance again even until the last day of SAO as we walked on for about 5 minutes, on the right side of the street, I could see a somewhat large restaurant.
"Over here?"
Asuna looked at the shop with a relieved, as well as suspicious expression, and I nodded to her.
"That's right. I recommend the fish here over the meat."
I pushed open the swing door and held it, and the rapier user just looked nonchalant as she walked in.
The voice of the NPC waitress welcomed us in, and as we started to move around in this somewhat crowded shop, I could still feel several stares being shot at us. The mental fatigue on me was starting to weigh a lot more than the happiness in my heart. It's not easy being stared at like this every day.
However, Asuna was unaffected as she passed through the center of the shop, and immediately headed for the table deep inside, beside the window. I awkwardly pulled out the chair, upon which she sat down in a fluid manner.
Somehow, it appears that the one being treated was forced into the role of an escort, but I still sat down in front of her. There's still the fact that I could feast without holding back, so I ordered the appetizer with a wine, the main course and even the dessert, all in plentiful amounts, before heaving a sigh.
Asuna immediately drank up the beverage in the flute glass that just arrived, then just like me, let out a long sigh.
She used her light brown eyes that had let their guard down somewhat to look at me, and murmured to me with a barely audible voice,
"We...anyway, for today...thanks."
"Heh!?"
Asuna stared at me, who's looking shocked, and said again,
"It's a word of thanks. For guarding me."
"Ahh...no, well, erm, y- you're welcome."
Normally, in our clearing group meetings, I would often debate with her intensely over the weaknesses of the boss and the positioning of the vanguards and the rearguards, so after hearing such an unexpected thanks, I was really flabbergasted. Asuna then chuckled and leaned back against the chair. She then stared off into the sky with a expression much more gentle than before, and whispered,
"It felt like...that was the first time...I slept so soundly since I came here..."
"Is...Isn't that an exaggeration?"
"Not at all, it's true. Normally, I'll sleep for 3 hours at most before waking up."
I wet my mouth with the sour-sweet fluid in the cup and asked,
"That's not because the alarm clock woke you up?"
"Yeah. It's not as serious as insomnia...but I would get a nightmare and end up waking up."
"...I see."
My heart suddenly felt a sharp pain. Someone had once said the same thing to me before, and that person's face flashed through my mind.
I then finally noticed the ever-ordinary fact that «The Flash» was a living player too, and pondered on how to answer.
"Er...well...how do I say this. If you ever want to take a nap outside, just tell me."
The words sounded stupid even to me, but Asuna smiled again and nodded,
"That's true. If there's a day with such great weather settings again, I'll leave it to you."
On seeing her smile, I noticed that this woman in front of me was a beauty of a near unbelievable scale once again, and was immediately at a loss for words.
Luckily, the NPC who brought the plate of salad over killed the current awkward atmosphere. I immediately took up the mysterious spice atop the table and sprinkled it on the mysterious vegetables of various colours, and then used the fork to stuff them into my mouth.
After wolfing down for a while, I randomly grumbled to avoid the earlier tension,
"Thinking about it, even though it's not beneficial to us nutritionally, why are we eating vegetables?"
"Eh— but it tastes good."
Asuna elegantly chewed on what looked like lettuce, and argued back.
"It's not disgusting per say...but if only there's mayonnaise or something."
"Ahh—that's right. I agree."
"And salad sauce...tomato sauce... and..."
""SOY SAUCE!!""
Both of us shouted out at the same time and started laughing together——
But at the next moment,
A scream of what is unmistakably, horror, could be heard in the distance.
"...KYAAAAAHHHHH!!"
————!?
I took in a breath and raised my waist as my hand reached for the sword on my back.
Asuna, who also put her right hand on the hilt of the rapier, whispered in a sharp tone,
"Outside the shop!"
She shouted and immediately kicked the chair away before running to the entrance. I also hurriedly chased behind that white knight outfit.
As we ran out to the road, another ear-piercing scream like that of silk being ripped could be heard.
The voice most likely came from the plaza a building block away. Asuna glanced at me first, and then sprinted south with all she had.
I continued to chase this profile that was like pure white lighting. As the spikes of the boots ground on the pavement scattered sparks about, I turned east and finally rushed into the round plaza in front of me.
There, an unbelievable scene laid before me.
On the north side of the plaza, there was a towering stone building that looked like a church.
A rope was dangling down from the display window in the middle of the second floor, and at the front end of a loop —— a man was dangling there.
That was not an NPC. Perhaps that guy had just came back from hunting since he had full plate armor with a large helmet on him. The rope was sinking into the armor on the neck, but the players gathered at the plaza weren't screaming in fear for this reason. In this world, there's no such thing as dying from suffocation with the use of a rope-type item.
The source of fear for everyone was what stabbed deeply into the man's chest, a black short spear.
The guy had both hands grabbed onto the grip of the spear as his mouth opened and closed. During this time, the wound on his chest continued to give out a red flash effect like that spilling blood and as it kept flickering.
In other words, at this moment, the man's HP was decreasing bit by bit. It was the «Pierce DoT» trait that only a few of the piercing weapons had.
It looked like the black short spear was a weapon that focused on continuous damage. I caught sight of a countless number of spikes sprouting out from halfway down its shaft.
I recovered from my momentary shock and shouted out,
"PULL IT OUT!!"
The man glanced at me. He then moved his hands sluggishly and got ready to pull the spear out, but a weapon that's embedded deeply inside a body couldn't be moved that easily. Of course, there's the possibility that he's unable to exert his strength because of the fear of death.
The man who's being hanged on the wall was at least 10m away from the ground. Even with my agility, there was no way I could reach him if I jumped up.
Then, could I use a throwing pick or something to cut the rope? But if I missed the rope and hit the man, and if his HP ended up dropping to zero...
Normally speaking, this place was still «Within the area», so there's absolutely no chance of that happening. But speaking of which, if that were the case, that spear wouldn't cause any damage.
As I was stuck in my indecision, Asuna's sharp shout entered my ears.
"CATCH HIM FROM BELOW!"
And then, she rushed towards the entrance of the church at a lightning quick speed. It seemed that she was trying to use the stairs inside to climb up to the second level and slice the rope.
"Got it!"
I shouted a reply from behind Asuna, and hurriedly ran down to the spot below where the man in the air was dangling.
——However.
As I ran halfway through, the eyes peeking from the bottom of the large helmet worn by the man suddenly widened and stared at a certain spot in the air. I immediately sensed that he was looking at something.
It was his own HP bar. Or more accurately, the moment it turned to zero.
Mingled into the shouts and screams of the crowd in the plaza, the man seemed to have yelled out something.
And then —— a flash of light dyed the night sky blue together alongside the sound of countless glass breaking. I could only look up blankly at the polygon fragments that scattered.
The rope that lost the object it was holding slammed against the wall. A second later, the black short spear that fell —— or the weapon —— let out a heavy metallic sound as it stabbed into the stone floor on the ground.
The screams let out by countless players overwhelmed even the peaceful sounding BGM that filled the town.
I was thoroughly shocked, but I still tried to widen my eyes and tore through the wide space around the church with my vision. It should be around —— what I was searching for was something that would definitely appear.
In other words, «The declaration message of the winner in a duel».
This was the main street, which meant that it's right smack inside the effective range of the Anti-Criminal Code. If the player HP was damaged and even resulted in death here, there's only one possibility.
The person had agreed to a decisive mode duel and lost.
There was no other way. Definitely.
In that case, with the death of the man, there should have been a huge system window like «Winner/name, match time minutes/seconds» appearing nearby. If I see the window, I could immediately tell who the person who used the short spear to kill the man in full-plate armor was.
——However.
"...Where is it..."
I couldn't help but mutter.
The system window didn't appear. There was no sign of it at all around the plaza. Despite how it would appear for only 30 seconds.
"Everyone! Please help find the system window that shows who won!!"
I shouted out loud enough to overwhelm the surrounding commotion. It appears that the other players immediately understood my intention as they started to look around for the window.
However, no one shouted out saying that they found the target. It's been past 15 seconds.
Did it mean that it was inside the building? Did the window appear in the room on the second level of the church where the rope dangled out from? If that's the case, Asuna should be able to see it.
The moment I thought of that, I spotted the white knight uniform of «The Flash» at the aforementioned window.
"Asuna!! Is the winner shown there!?"
Normally, I wouldn't call her name out directly out of fear, but I had immediately asked her without adding a '-san' just for the sake of gaining time. However, the face that was as pale as the clothing quickly shook left and right.
"None! There's no system window, or even anyone else inside!"
"...Why..."
Moaning so, I looked around as futilely as before. A few seconds later, I heard a slight whisper.
"...It's impossible now. It's been more than 30 seconds..."
I passed by the nun NPC who was always stationed at the first level of the church and immediately climbed up the stairs deep inside the building.
The second level was separated into 4 small rooms that were just like the private rooms in inns, but unlike inns, they couldn't be locked. I passed by three rooms, and couldn't find any players hiding in them, whether it's by the «Player Search» skill or by sight. I bit my lips and walked into the 4th small room where the incident happened.
Asuna, who turned her head to look at me from beside the window, was still looking strong, but I could tell that her heart was really shaken. In fact, even I couldn't hide my tense eyebrows.
"There's no one else inside the church."
I reported, and the sub-leader of the KoB immediately asked back.
"Is it possible for the person to have some cloak with hiding capabilities?"
"Even at the frontlines, I haven't found anything that can negate the effects of my player search ability. For added precaution, I've requested other players to block the church entrance. Even if the person's invisible, he should come into contact with the other players and be automatically revealed. There's no back door here, and this is the only room with a window.
"Yeah...I understand. Look at this."
Asuna nodded her head, and then pointed at a section of the room with her finger that was covered in the white glove.
There was a simple wooden table placed over there. This furniture that couldn't be moved was a so-called «Position-locked object».
On one of the table's legs, there was a somewhat thin-looking yet sturdy rope tied there. It was tied, but in fact, that was not actually done by hand. Someone just needed to call out the rope popup window, click on the tie button and then chose what to tie for it to fix itself onto the target automatically. Once tied, the rope would definitely not break or loosen unless the weight on the rope was beyond its durability or it was cut by a blade.
The black glossy rope took up about 2 meters length inside the room before extending outside through the window to the south. One couldn't see it from here, but the tip was tied in a loop, and the full-plate armor man was dangling from the loop.
"Hmm..."
As I let out that low sound, I tilted my head,
"Just what's going on?"
"If this is a normal situation..."
Asuna answered me while tilting her head as well.
"...The duelling opponent of that player tied this rope, stabbed the short spear into his chest, and then stuffed the victim's neck into the loop before thrusting him through the window...something like that..."
"Was he deliberately showing it to everyone...? No, before that..."
I forcefully took a deep breath, and then declared with a clear voice,
"There was no window of victory declaration anywhere. Not a single one of those people standing at the plaza found it, you know. If it was a duel, there should be a window appearing nearby."
"But...that's impossible."
She gave a sharp rebuttal.
"In the «area», the player's HP bar can only be damaged through an accepted duel. You should know that as well!"
"...Yeah, that's truly the case."
Both of us stared at each other and remained silent.
It's like what Asuna said; what happened just now couldn't possibly happen. And all we knew, was that one player died while everyone was watching, without the slight idea on who did it, why it happened, or how it did.
The voices of commotion that continued to come from the plaza outside the window could be heard. It seemed that they were noticing the anomaly in this «incident» too.
Soon after, Asuna looked straight at me and said,
"We can't leave this alone. If someone really found out about something like a «PK skill inside the area», we'll have to hurry up and find it, and announce a way to counter it, or else it will definitely develop into something huge."
"...It's rare for me to have such a moment with you, but I wholeheartedly agree with you."
After seeing me nod my head, «The Flash» gave a barely noticeable wry smile and quickly reached her hand out to me.
"Then, be sure to cooperate with me until this case is solved. I'll say this first. There's no time for naps."
"Aren't you the one who's been sleeping..."
I grumbled softly and offered my hand.
And then, the hastily assembled detective and assistant —— though the role assignments aren't clear —— joined together their hands gloved in white and black tightly.

Part 2
After retrieving the rope «evidence», Asuna and I left the room and returned to the entrance of the church. As for the other piece of evidence, the black short spear, I had already put it into my item storage before we moved.
I had requested two players I knew to watch the entrance. I thanked them and raised my doubts, but no one actually moved through here. I returned to the plaza and raised my hand to the crowd watching the commotion before shouting out loud,
"SORRY. TO THE EYEWITNESS WHO FIRST SPOTTED THIS, IF YOU'RE STILL AROUND, CAN WE TALK TO YOU?"
After a few seconds, a girl timidly walked out from the crowd. I'd never met this person before. She was equipped with an ordinary one-handed sword made by an NPC. It seemed that she was someone who came here to sightsee from the middle levels.
What was vexing was that this girl actually showed a frightened expression after seeing me. Asuna then substituted me and walked in front of me before saying to her in a gentle tone,
"Sorry for bothering you after you saw such a horrifying thing. Your name is?"
"I...I'm called «Yolko»."
I really have a slight impression on this slightly trembling voice, and couldn't help but ask.
"Were you the one...who gave the first scream?"
"Ye...Yes..."
The female player called Yolko nodded; shaking her slightly curly deep-blue hair in the process. From the appearance of her avatar, she was probably about 17-18 years old.
The simple large eyes that were of the same color as her hair suddenly let out tears.
"I...I...I'm a friend of the person who was just killed. We agreed to come here to have a meal today, but we got lost here...and...and then..."
It seemed that she couldn't continue on as she could only use her hand to cover her mouth.
Asuna gently patted her slightly trembling shoulders and brought her into the church, there were many benches that were lined together, and Asuna let her sit down on one of them before sitting beside her.
As for me, I stood slightly further off as I waited for the girl to calm down. If she saw exactly how her friend was killed viciously, that would be a huge trauma the likes of which we couldn't even imagine.
Asuna gently stroked Yolko's back for a while, and Yolko finally stopped crying before apologizing in a faint whispering tone.
"It's alright. We can wait. Can you talk to us slowly once you've calmed down?"
"Yes...I-I'm a lot better now."
Unexpectedly, Yolko's rather strong as she straightened her back while Asuna patted it, and nodded.
"That guy is...called «Kains». We used to be in the same guild...and would now occasionally team up together or have meals together...and today, we originally came here to eat..."
She forcefully closed her eyes, and then continued on in a trembling voice.
"...But there were too many people here, so we got lost at the plaza...as I was looking around, suddenly, someone —— «Kains» dropped out from the window of this church and was dangling in the air...and there was a short spear stabbed into his chest..."
"Did you see anyone else around?"
After hearing Asuna's question, Yolko immediately quietened down.
She then slowly and clearly nodded.
"Yes...it was just for a moment, but I felt like I saw...someone standing behind «Kains»..."
I clenched my fists subconsciously.
Was the criminal in that room? If that's the case, the criminal pushed the victim —— «Kains» out of the window and got away while everyone's looking.
In that case, the criminal must have used some sort of equipment with a stealth ability equipment, but such an item effect would naturally weaken when moving. Speaking of which, does the criminal have some high level hidden skill to make up for this flaw?
At this moment, my mind thought of the dangerous-sounding term «Assassin».


Don't tell me there's really a weapon system that even Asuna and I don't know of? If such a skill can negate the Anti-Criminal code...?
Asuna may have thought the same thing as me as her back shuddered. However, she immediately raised her head up and asked Yolko,
"Was that profile someone you know?"
"..."
Yolko closed her lips and pondered for a while, and after a few seconds, shook her head to indicate that she didn't. After seeing her indicate so, it was my turn to ask with my calmest possible voice,
"Well...it may not be the best time to ask this, but do you have any clues...? Like any reason why Kains-san was killed..."
Just like what I was worried about, Yolko immediately stiffened the moment she heard that. It couldn't be helped, since I was asking a girl who just witnessed her friend being killed whether there was any reason for revenge. This question may be rude, but it couldn't be ignored. If she knew of anyone that hated Kains, that would become a powerful clue.
But this time, Yolko shook her head again.
I was somewhat disappointed, but I simply said "I see, sorry."
Of course, it may be that Yolko didn't know. However, the criminal that killed «Kains» could either be a real killer or a «Player Killer» in this MMORPG. In this PK, they're basically players who existed to kill other players. The red players who were massacring through Aincrad in the darkness were these kind of players.
In other words, one person, out of the hundreds of players who are said to be criminals, killers or have the tendency to be such, may have killed «Kains» inside the area through such a mysterious means. To be honest, I really don't know how to find the killer from so many people.
Asuna seemed to have reached the same conclusion as she weakly sighed.

As Yolko indicated that she didn't dare to walk downstairs alone, Asuna and I sent her to the nearest inn before returning to the transfer gate plaza.
30 minutes had passed since this incident happened, and the surrounding people were starting to decrease in number. However, there were still about 20 players at the scene. Most of them were clearing members, waiting for the report from both Asuna and me.
Asuna and I first explained to them that the name of the murder victim was called «Kains», and the way he was killed was unknown. I then told them that there's likely an «Inside area PK» skill that might exist.
"...That's how things are. Everyone is to be careful when walking on the streets. If possible, please warn other players, too."
I concluded, and the rest nodded with a stern expression.
"Got it. I'll ask those selling information to publish this on the newspapers..."
A player representative of a large guild answered, and everyone scattered. I glanced over at the clock in the corner of my eye and found that it's just past 7pm, which caused me to be somewhat shocked.
"Then...what do we do next?"
I asked Asuna beside me, and she immediately answered,
"Let's check the evidence we have first, especially the rope and short spear. If we know its origin, we might be able to find the criminal."
"I see...since we can't find the motive, let's start from the evidence, shall we? In that case, we have to use the Inspection skill. You probably...never added this skill, right?"
"I guess you didn't, either...speaking of which..."
At this moment, Asuna's expression started to change. She stared at me and said,
"Can you please stop referring to me with «you, you, you»!?"
"Eh? Ah, I see...then...should I use «-san»? «sub-leader»? Or «The Flash-sama»...?"
The last one is how her fanclub always called her. What she thought of that was clearly seen when Asuna's facial expression became tense and she burned me through with a laser stare. She then looked aside and said,
"Just call me «Asuna». Didn't you call me that before?"
"Un-Understood."
I, who felt scared, obediently nodded and hurriedly dragged the topic back.
"As for the Inspection skill...do you have any friends you know of with it...?"
"Hmm~"
She pondered for a while, and quickly shook her head.
"I have a friend who runs a weapons store, but it's the busiest time at this point, and I really can't ask her to help me out immediately...."
It's true that this is the time players who finished their adventures would run into a weapons store to repair or buy weapons.
"In that case, I'll have to ask the boss of a merchandise shop. That large-axe warrior's proficiency is a little unnerving for me though..."
"Are you talking about...that very tall man? I think he's called...Agil or something, right?"
Asuna asked me as I immediately called out the message window and started typing.
"But the merchandise store should be rather busy now, right?"
"Who cares?"
I answered and immediately pressed the send button.

Asuna and I walked out from the transfer gate, and immediately reached the main street of the 50th floor «Algade», where the buzz and chaos remained as usual.
The transfer gate was still in effect, but along the shopping street on the main roads, there were numerous player shops lined up together. As for the reason why, it's because the rent here is unbelievably cheap compared to the streets on the floors below.
Of course, the area for these cheaply rented shops is very narrow, and the appearance is dirty. However, some players like such an Asian-styled —— or the messiness of a certain electronics district. I'm one of them as well, and I recently thought of buying a player's home here and using this street as my base.
Amidst the exotic BGM and the cries of selling, I smelled junk food coming from the stalls and lead Asuna forward quickly. The rapier user revealed a pair of nice legs from under the mini-skirt of her white knight uniform, and her looking like this when walking was really too eye-catching.
"Oi, let's move faster...OIII!!!"
I realized that the sound of high-heels on the left-rear side was moving further and further away, so I widened my eyes and shouted.
"HOW CAN YOU JUST BUY THINGS SO RANDOMLY!!!"
«The Flash»-sama, who bought a suspicious looking kebab from a suspicious looking hawker, took a bite of it and answered nonchalantly,
"We just ran out after eating only salad. Yup...this tastes good."
She continued to chew and said to me "Take this" as she handed the other kebab in her left hand to me.
"Eh? For me?"
"Didn't I say that I wanted to treat you?"
"Ah...ahh..."
I instinctively lowered my head in thanks and received the kebab, and then realized that the treat the other party was supposed to give went from a grand meal to a kebab. On a side note, as we ran out of the restaurant, the expenses of the meal were deducted from our item window based off the average.
I chewed on the ethnic tasting kebab that had a unique foreign flavour, thinking that I must eat this girl's cooking one day, as I headed forward.
Once the two sticks of kebab were finished, we arrived at our destination. I let go of my hand to let the wooden stick disappear, and then wiped my hand that wasn't dirtied on the leather coat before talking to the shop owner whose back faced us,
"Hello~ we're here~"
"...I won't entertain guys who aren't customers."
The boss of the grocery store and the axe warrior Agil grumbled with an awkward voice that didn't fit his rough appearance, and then, said to the customers in his shop,
"Sorry, we'll be closing shop for today."
"""Ehh!?""" On hearing the grumbling, the burly shopkeeper cringed back and apologized as he chased all the customers away. He then called out his shop management menu to close the shop.
The extremely messy racks automatically closed, and the metal doors outside let out a creaking sound before closing up. At this moment, Agil finally turned over to look at me and said,
"I say, Kirito. In the field of business, the most important thing businessmen look for is trust, and the second most important thing is still trust. I'll skip the third and fourth, and for the fifth, if there's a chance, I'll make a killing..."
These strange notes vanished as he noticed the player standing beside me. Agil's beard at the bottom of his bald head shook as he just stood there. Asuna herself was smiling purely as she nodded at him.
"Long time no see, Agil-san. I'm sorry for bothering you at such short notice, but it's urgent, and we really need your help..."
Agil's stern expression immediately eased up, and he patted his chest saying to leave it to him, and even served us tea.
Men, who are unable to resist their congenital parameters, are really pitiful.

Agil finished listening to what we said to him in a room on the second level, and seemed to understand the seriousness of this situation too as the eyes under his promiscuous eyebrows narrowed.
"Did you say that his HP dropped to zero inside the «area»? ——Are you sure it wasn't a duel?"
The giant said with a thick and slightly deep voice, and I, who's leaning my body on the back of the chair, slowly nodded.
"In that situation, it was impossible for us not to see the victory declaration screen, so we should be thinking about it in such an aspect. Also...even if it was a duel, the victim was going to have a meal, so it would be impossible for him to accept such a request. Besides, it was in a «Decisive duel mode», too."
"He was walking with that girl...Yolko-san before he died, so it's definitely not a «Sleep PK»."
Asuna shook the mug-type glass on the small round table and added on.
"Besides, it's really too complicated to have a sudden duel like this. I think we can consider it to be a planned PK. And...with this..."
I opened my window and materialized the rope evidence from my item storage and handed it over to Agil.
Of course, the end that was tied at the leg of the table was undone, but the other side was bound into a large loop.
Agil put that loop right in front of me, gave a disgusted look and snorted coldly before touching it with his large fingers.
He chose the «Inspection Skill» that pops out in the window. Asuna and I don't have such a skill, and even if we chose it, we would only get a failure ignore. However, as a merchant, Agil should be able to get some level of information.
In the end, the giant used a deep voice to state what only he was able to see on the screen.
"...Unfortunately, this isn't created by a player; it's just a common item that can be bought in an NPC shop. It's not of a high rank, either. The durability has already dropped by about half."
I remember that horrifying scene, and nodded.
"I guess so. Besides, it was dangling a player in full-plate armor. The weight had to be quite a lot."
But to a killer, several seconds was enough to drop the guy's HP down to zero.
"Never mind. I'm not really expecting anything much from the rope anyway. The important thing is this."
I touched my still open item window and materialized the next item.
The shiny black short spear immediately created a heavy sense of presence in this small room. In terms of weapon class, this short spear couldn't be compared to Asuna and my main weapon, but right now, that wasn't the point. This spear was used by someone to cruelly end another player's life, and it could be said to be a real «murder weapon».
I cautiously placed the short spear in Agil's hands to prevent it from touching anything else.
The entire spear was made from black-colored gold, and this kind of weapon was really rare. Its length was probably about 1m, and the base had a grip about 30cm long. At the tip of the handle, there was a 15cm long blade.
The special characteristic of this weapon was that the spear itself seemed to be covered with short spikes. Once the spear was stabbed deeply into the enemy, it would create the unique effect of becoming non-removable because of the spikes. A high strength value would be required to pull it out.
In this world, the strength power is represented by the value parameter set by the player and also the signal strength released from the brain to the Nerve Gear. At that moment, the full-plated guy stricken by fear —— Kains, was unable to produce clear signals to move his virtual body, which was why the spear didn't move even when he used his hands to grab onto it.
The moment I thought about this, I just felt even more convinced that this wasn't just a sudden PK. It may be a «premeditated murder». This was because the death caused by the «Continuous Pierce damage DOT» was too cruel. The victim wasn't killed by the enemy's own sword skill or weapon —— but by his own cowardice.
This thought instantly flashed through my mind, and suddenly got interrupted by Agil, who finished his inspection.
"This is made by a PC."
Asuna and I immediately pushed our bodies forward and inadvertently cried out, ""Really?""
A PC created item would mean that this weapon was created by a player with the «Smelting Skill». There would definitely be a record of that player's «name». Also, this short spear is likely to be a one and only item. Once we directly ask the player, there's a high chance that we can know who ordered it.
"Who's the creator?"
On hearing Asuna's pressing voice, Agil lowered his head as he looked at the window and answered,
"«Grimlock»...that's how it's romanized. I have never heard of such a person, so at least he isn't a top-rated swordsmith. Maybe he's a guy who improved his smelting skills only to forge his own weapons..."
If even the merchant Agil didn't know who this swordsmith is, it was obvious that Asuna and I wouldn't; and the room entered a short silence again.
"However, we should be able to find that person. If he managed to upgrade his rank to such an extent to create this weapon, he can't possibly be a solo player all the time. If you go and listen to gossip in the middle floors, you'll definitely find someone who teamed up with «Grimlock» before."
"That's true. There can't possibly be many people like this idiot."
Agil nodded, and together with Asuna, looked at this stupid solo player.
"Wha...What? I-I'll occasionally party with other players, too."
"Only during boss battles."
After being told off coldly like this, I could only remain silent since I couldn't argue back.
Asuna snorted, and then turned to look at the short spear in Agil's hand.
"But...to be honest, even if we find «Grimlock», he probably won't say too much to us..."
I agree with that.
The one who killed Kains is actually an unknown red player who bought this short spear and not the swordsmith «Grimlock» himself. Using one's own weapon, recorded with their own «name», to kill someone will basically be like writing a name on a chopper in the real world and using it to kill. But speaking of which, the crafter-class players who have some sort of knowledge and experience should be able to determine the customer's intent when designing this weapon.
The «Continuous Pierce Damage DOT» has a rather weak effect on monsters. Mobs, which act according to the system, don't show any signs of fear as well. Even if they're hit and stunned by the piercing weapon, they'll immediately pull that thing out. Of course, the monster wouldn't possibly return it nicely to the player, instead it throws it far away, so it's impossible to get back that weapon until the battle ends.
Thus, the spear that was created was obviously meant to be used to deal with other players. Of all the swordsmiths I know of, all of them would refuse once they know the design.
But Grimlock still created this spear.
He may not be the killer —— we can know his name through validation —— but he may be a weak-willed person, or even a player who's secretly part of a red guild.
"...At least he won't reveal the information to us easily. If he wants payment for providing information..."
I just whispered, and Agil shook his head vehemently while Asuna glared at me.
"We'll pay half each then."
"...I understand. I'm on a pirate ship now anyway."
After shrugging my shoulders, I raise my last question to the stingy merchant.
"It's not much of a clue, but just tell me the name of this weapon."
The bald giant lowered his head for the third time to look at the window, and said,
"Yes...it's called «Guilty Thorn». Which means thorns of sin, right?"
"I see..."
I looked at that spiked short spear again. Of course, the weapon's name is randomly set by the system, so this name itself shouldn't possibly have any «human will» behind it.
——However.
"Guilty...Thorn..."
Asuna's murmuring suddenly caused a chill in me.

Part 3
Asuna, Agil, and me, the three of us headed from the transfer gate in «Algade» to the lowest floor of Aincrad, the «Starting City».
Our aim was to check the «Monument of Life» that stood within the Black Iron Palace. We have to at least check whether the swordsmith Grimlock was still alive before we looked for him.
It was spring, but the large «Starting City» was still basked in an atmosphere of desolation.
Of course, this wasn't the result of the randomly generated weather. The wide streets that were covered in darkness have no signs of players around, and even the BGMs performed by the NPC band are all ominous melodies.
Recently, I heard that there's a certain unbelievable rule —— the largest guild of the lowest levels, the self-governing organization «Aincrad Liberation Force» banned players from going out at night. It looks like this might really have happened. There were patrol troops wearing similar dark grey armor as we walked down.
And once those guys saw us, they immediately came running over to us like youth police forces catching middle schoolers skipping class. They all backed away when they saw Asuna's absolute-zero stare-attack, but such action was really tense.
"...No wonder Algade's so bustling...the things here are so expensive..."
After hearing me mutter this out inadvertently, Agil told me a rumor that was even more horrifying.
"I hear that the army recently intends to start «taxing» the players."
"Eh!? Tax? No way...how do they intend to do so?"
"I don't know about that...maybe they'll automatically deduct from monster loots?"
Agil and I just stupidly joked around like this, but once we stepped on the stone floor of the Black Iron Palace, we immediately shut up.
As its name stated, this place was a large building assembled with black glossy pillars and metal boards. The air inside was obviously colder than outside. Even Asuna, who moved forward quickly, seemed to be so cold that she's rubbing her exposed arms.
Maybe the reason no one is inside is because it's so late at night.
During the day, many people won't believe in the deaths of their friends or lovers and come here to check. Once they see a line mercilessly drawn on the name they're looking for, they'll normally start crying out loud. I guess Yolko, who witnessed the death of her friend Kains will still come here tomorrow to check. In fact, even I did the same thing not too long ago, and right now, I haven't managed to completely step out from that painful memory at all.
Just like that, we walked into the empty lobby, lit by blue flames.
Asuna and I arrived at the «Momument of Life» that extended 10m sideways, and we stared at the portion that started with the letter «G» in alphabetical order.
Agil continued to walk to the right. Asuna and I held our breaths as we looked at the names mentioned, and seemed to find that name at the same time.
«Grimlock». On it —— there's no line.
"...Still alive."
"Yeah."
Both of us heaved a sigh of relief at the same time. Slightly further away from us, Agil was looking at the «K» column, and immediately said to us with a serious look,
"Kains' definitely dead. The date of death is the month of Sakura, 22th, 18:27."
"...The date and time are correct. That's the time we left the restaurant."
Asuna muttered and looked down, lowering those long eyebrows of hers. Agil and I said a silent prayer. The Romanization of «Kains» should be read just as it was written. We checked with Yolko before.
After finishing all we had to do, we left Black Iron Palace and exhaled all the air held within us. Unknowingly, the BGM on the streets became a slow waltz used late at night. The NPC shops have all closed down, and the few street lights were the only things lighting the streets. The patrol troops of the «Army» had disappeared.
We silently returned to the plaza where the transfer gate was, and at this moment, Asuna suddenly turned to look at me.
"...We'll start looking for Grimlock tomorrow."
"You're right..."
I nodded my head in agreement. Agil's thick eyebrows frowned.
"Well...my main occupation is a merchant, not a warrior..."
"I know. That's all for you now, you merchant."
I slapped him on the shoulder and pat him. Agil gave a relaxed expression, but sheepishly whispered a sorry in apology.
This good old bruiser isn't really thinking that «business is priority» or «it's really troublesome to investigate». He just doesn't want to meet that player who created such a short spear that killed someone. Of course, he's not scared; quite the opposite actually —— he's worried that the rage he normally vented on monsters would suddenly explode.
Agil left us with a 'Do your best, you two', and vanished into the transfer gate. Asuna was ready to head back to headquarters for a while, so we disbanded for today.
"Let's meet at the transfer gate at the 57th floor at 9am tomorrow. You must reach there on time, and don't oversleep."
On hearing Asuna say this in the tone of a teacher or an older sister —— even though I don't have one in the real world —— I could only smile wryly and nod.
"I got it. You should be the one sleeping properly. If you're worried, I can be on standby beside——"
"NO NEED!"
After leaving these words behind, the sub-leader of the KoB quickly turned around and leapt into the transfer gate, leaving a red and white afterimage behind.
I, who was left behind, could only stand in front of the gate that was giving off blue and white lights for the time being and sort out what happened throughout the entire day. At first, it was just a simple «Today's weather is good», and yet I ended up being «The Flash» Asuna's nap guard; and just when both of us finally managed to go for dinner, we ended up involved in a murder case inside the «area», and now I became either a detective or an assistant taking on the murder mystery.
Of course, every single day in the floating city Aincrad «isn't normal», but it's been 1 and a half years since the death game started on November 6th 2022, and most of the players, including me —— were at least living in the middle levels. Most of us will deliberately forget about our lives in the real world and focus on surviving in this «Daily Life» that's composed of swords, fighting, gold coins and dungeons.
But the incident today caused me to end up in another kind of abnormality. I don't know whether this will become some permanent thing that is to come...
As I thought about it, I took a few steps forward, entered the blue transfer gate and used a verbal command to send me to my current accommodation —— the main street area on the 48th floor, «Lindas»; a floating sensation surrounded me with a strong glow.
As my feet landed on the ground once more, I stepped forward onto the stone floor of a different color, and the surrounding scenery immediately changed. It's been less than a week since I used the city of Lindas as a base, but I like how the canals threaded through all the streets with water wheels scattered about, spinning lazily. However, it's past 10pm now, and the streets were covered by the night scenery. Either way, the sound of blacksmiths at work no matter where I was during the day had completely disappeared.
I left the transfer gate, pondering on whether I should obediently follow through on the promise I made to the sub-leader-dono and go straight to sleep or get a drink in a bar run by an NPC. At that moment——
6-7 players suddenly surrounded me.
I immediately got ready to draw the sword on my back. Even if I was surrounded by dozens of people, I wouldn't be in danger as long as I was in the «area» —— but such common sense became a little unreliable after the events of these past few hours.
I only moved my right fingers and controlled my urge to draw my sword.
I'd met all the people in this group. They were members of the largest clearing group «Divine Dragons Alliance». I spoke to one of them, who could be said to be one of the executives, standing amongst the people lined up in a semicircle.
"Good evening, Schmitt-san."
I took the initiative to smile and greet him, and this burly long spear user seemed to be at a loss for words, but he immediately frowned hard and said,
"...Kirito-san, I've something to ask you, so I came all the way here to wait for you to come back."
"Heh, I don't think you'll be asking about my birthday or blood type..."
I instinctively joked, and the thick eyebrows under his sports club ace-like short hair twitched.
We're on the clearing group, and we don't really have an antagonistic relationship, but I just can't get along with the people of the «Divine Dragons Alliance». In comparison, my relationship with the «Knights of the Blood» under Asuna's lead may be a little better.
The reason why we can't get along is due to the fact that while the «Knights of the Blood» aim to «clear the game with the fastest possible speed», the «Divine Dragons Alliance» members aim to get «the honor of the strongest guild». They basically wouldn't team up with other guilds and wouldn't openly reveal information about training fields. Also, they have a very thick-skinned insistence about dealing the last attack to the boss —— due to the loot and the bonus experience.
On the other hand, if I think about it in another way, this group of people may be considered to be enjoying this game called SAO, so I've never especially begrudged them for this. However, since I've refused to join their guild twice, our relationship can't be considered good.
Right now, the 7 of them looked like they're surrounding me by forming a semicircle with my back facing the transfer gate, but they must have calculated the distance before. This distance wouldn't cause players to feel that they're «boxed» and unable to move, but if I wanted to move out, I'd definitely touch one of them, and I'd naturally think first if I were to make such a rude act. This formed a «suspicious cornering» situation.
I really endured the urge to sigh and changed my tone to ask Schmitt,
"I'll answer all I know. What do you want to ask about?"
"The PK incident inside the area on the 57th floor in the evening."
I'd already expected that answer as I nodded, leaned on the stone wall and folded my arms in front of my chest before using an eye expression to prompt him to continue.
"I heard that it wasn't a duel...was it?"
He used a deep magnetic-like voice to ask, and I thought for a while before shrugging my shoulders and answered,
"That's what I can confirm. No one at the scene saw the window indicating the winner. Of course, there may be some sort of reason why no one at the scene managed to find out."
"..."
Schmitt's squarish jaw immediately closed up, and the armor below his neck let out a sound.
The members of the «Divine Dragons Alliance» have to wear armor with silver and blue as the base color. The 2m length long-spear on his back was showing itself fully as the sharp tip had their guild's triangular flag tied on it.
After a short moment of silence, Schmitt said with a deeper voice,
"I heard that the player who was killed is called «Kains»...is that true?"
"The friend who witnessed this entire incident did say this. I've just checked Black Iron Palace. The date and cause of death are exactly the same."
I saw his thick neck gulp for a bit, and finally started to feel suspicious. I tilted my head and asked him,
"Do you know the deceased?"
"...None of your business."
"Oi oi, why is it that you're the only one who can ask..."
I just spoke halfway through when he suddenly growled at me angrily,
"YOU'RE NOT A COP, RIGHT!? IT SEEMS THAT YOU DID LOTS OF INVESTIGATIONS SECRETLY WITH THE SUB-LEADER OF THE KOB, BUT YOU TWO DON'T HAVE THE RIGHT TO KEEP ALL THE INFORMATION TO YOURSELF!"
He let out a roar that even those outside the plaza could hear, and the other members around him showed troubled looks as they looked around. It seems that Schmitt never told them the specifics and just wanted them to form numbers here.
In that case, it seemed that the «Divine Dragons Alliance» itself may not be involved in this incident, but Schmitt himself was. As my mind memorized this, a right hand covered with a metal gauntlet reached out in front of me.
"I know you took the PK weapon from the scene of the crime. That's enough investigations you've done. Hand it over to me."
"Oi oi oi..."
Such an act is obviously a breach of etiquette.
In SAO, any unequipped weapon dropped on the ground, or a weapon stabbed into a monster and taken away will have its owner's data erased after 300 seconds. The item then belonged to the person who picked it up, no matter whether it's based on the system or generally. That black short spear's owner data was removed once it took Kains life, and so, based on the system, it belongs to me now.
It wasn't like there weren't situations where people forced other people to hand over free weapons —— but that spear was a weapon and critical evidence. Since I'm not a cop or a military policeman, so I have no intention of keeping it to myself.
Thus, I just openly sighed and waved my hand to call out the item window.
I used my right hand to grab onto the materialized black short spear, and thought of acting cool as I stabbed it hard into the stone floor between Schmitt and I.
*KLANG!* The short spear let out a large spark and stabbed into the ground. Schmitt was shocked by my action as he took half a step back,
I looked at it closely again, and found that the design of this weapon was really spine-chilling. Of course, this weapon that was designed to kill players isn't anything good. I looked away from the drop only I could see, and used a very soft voice to say to this long-spear user,
"I saved you time on inspecting this item. The name of this weapon is «Guilty Thorn», and the blacksmith that made it was «Grimlock»."
There was an obvious reaction.
Schmitt immediately widened his narrowed eyes as his mouth opened wide, letting out a hoarse panting voice from within.
Undoubtedly, this bro who looks like a sports athlete must have known the blacksmith Grimlock and the victim Kains, and they went through «some incident» together.
If that was the motive for killing Kains, the murder incident in the «area» isn't something I feared, a killer that just PKs randomly and indifferently. I really wanted to know what happened in the past, but even if I asked Schmitt directly, he probably wouldn't answer me honestly.
Just while I was thinking of what to do, that arm wearing the thick metal gauntlet straightened stiffly and pulled the spear out from the ground.
Schmitt crudely opened the item window and threw the short spear in, as though to get rid of it, then quickly turned away.
Then, he, whose long spear was facing me, left a rather classic threatening line.
"...Don't bother randomly investigating any further. Let's go!"
The guys of the Divine Dragons Alliance quickly headed towards the transfer gate and disappeared.
——Then, what should I do?

Part 4
"People from the DDA?"
On hearing my report, Asuna couldn't help but frown.
DDA is the initialism for «Divine Dragons Alliance», the simplified term for the guild. The name had some form of intimidation and pressure that people would naturally avoid, but it doesn't work on the sub-leader of the KoB Asuna.
On the day after the incident, Sakura month, 23rd day, the weather generator seemed to be in a bad mood immediately as it had been drizzling since morning. Actually in Aincrad, the sky is covered by the base of the higher level, so it's impossible to have rain, but to really put it that way, there can't possibly be sunlight in the day.
At 9am in the morning. Asuna and I met at the transfer gate on the 57th floor, where the incident happened, and we arrived at a nearby café to have breakfast and sort out the information we had up till now. The biggest issue we had in our discussion was obviously the Divine Dragons Alliance member Schmitt who ambushed me outside the transfer gate and forcefully took information and the murder weapon away from me.
"Ahh~ speaking of which, there's really this person. The big long spear user, right?"
"That's right. He gives the vibe that he's the chairman of a high school snatchaway club."
"There's no such club."
Asuna immediately refuted this little inspiration of humor I have had since morning, and seemed to be thinking about something as she cupped the mug with café au lait.
"...Don't tell me that guy is the culprit."
"I can't conclude that boldly, but probably not. If he took the murder weapon back because he's scared that someone found the clue, he might as well not be there. I think that the spear is something left behind by the culprit."
"I see...you're right. That killing method and the name of the weapon is «Guilty Thorn»...instead of calling it a normal PK, it's more suitable to call it a «public execution»..."
On hearing Asuna mutter in a depressed manner, I nodded to agree with her.
This isn't a random PK, but an execution on Kains. And there must have been something between Kains, Grimlock and Schmitt.
I kept my volume down and said out the conclusion I got from these clues.
"In other words —— the motive is «revenge», no, «judgment». That Kains-san once committed some form of sin, and he was killed as «punishment». This should be what the killer is trying to get at."
"In other words, Schmitt shouldn't be the culprit, but the one the criminal is after, is it? He did «something» with Kains-san, and started to panic and take action after his partner was killed..."
"Once we know that past, we'll likely know who the culprit is. However...this may just be an act by a criminal. Let's not get too subjective for now."
"You're right, especially when we're asking Yolko."
Asuna and I nodded at the same time, and we then checked the time right now. It's 10am in the morning, and we headed to a nearby inn to ask Yolko, who was staying there, what happened.
There's still some time after I finished the simple breakfast of black bread and vegetable soup, and I casually looked at the KoB sub-leader opposite me.
Perhaps she was about to deal with something personal as she's not wearing the knight outfit with the white base and the red picture. Her top was a shirt with pink and grey stripes with a black leather vest over it, and her bottom was a black miniskirt with laces beside it. On her feet were grey stockings.
Also, she's wearing pink enamel shoes and a pink beret. It just seems that she's been putting in effort to dress up —— of course, perhaps all female players dressed up normally like this. To be honest, I have no idea about the current trend of clothing, so I can't tell at all. No matter what, I have no idea how much col her attire cost.
Besides, there's no need to deliberately dress up when investigating a murder case. As I blankly thought about this, Asuna suddenly looked up, and then quickly turned her head aside.
"...What are you looking at?"
"Eh...ah, nothing..."
Of course, I couldn't possibly ask her how much this attire cost, but if I just said randomly things like those clothes are cute and really suit you, I might either anger her or get laughed at by her, so I just thought of an excuse.
"Un...I'm thinking, is that thick stuff nice?"
As I asked, Asuna lowered her head to look at the mysterious thick soup she's using her spoon to scoop up. She stared at me with a delicate expression, and then sighed heavily.
"...Not at all."
The rapier user whispered and pushed the soup aside, coughed a few times, and then changed her tone and said,
"I've been thinking yesterday, about the «Continuous Pierce damage DOT» from that black short spear..."
Speaking of which, it seems this was the first time I ever saw this girl without her rapier equipped. Having noticed that, I nodded.
"Un?"
"For example, if a piercing type weapon is used to stab someone outside the area, and if the player enters the area, how is the continuous damage calculated? Do you know?"
"Un...well..."
I can't help but consider. It's true that I've never had this kind of situation before, and of course, I never exactly thought of exactly what happened.
"I don't know...but the continuous poison or burn damage will disappear once the player enters the area, right? Piercing damage should be the same too, isn't it?"
"But what happens if the weapon is stabbed into the body? Will it be pulled out automatically?"
"Even if it's like that, it's a little weird...un, we have some time, so let's experiment on this."
Asuna immediately widened her eyes the moment she heard me say this,
"Ex, experiment?"
"Seeing is believing."
I tossed out an idiom that's used a little strangely here, and then summoned the map of the streets to find the nearest gate from here.

The area outside the main street area of the 57th floor «Marten» is grassland filled with some craggy old trees.
A few weeks ago, this was a road I went past countless times when this was still the frontline, and now, my memories are fuzzy. Of course, it may be because there're new sprouts coming out as spring comes, but basically, ever since the clearing group broke through this level, I've basically stopped coming to the training area outside the area.
We continued on in the slight drizzle, and once we stepped out of the streets, the warning words «Outer Field» appeared in our sights. The monsters won't immediately come over to attack, but my heart just felt tense.
Asuna equipped that rapier she normally carried at her waist, and then shook the water droplets hanging on her bangs in a somewhat impatient manner before asking in an intrigued voice,
"Then...how are you going to experiment?"
"Like this?"
I rummage through my waist pocket, found the 3 «Throwing Picks» I normally equipped myself with, and pulled one out.
All the weapons that exist in Aincrad can be classified under slashing, thrust, smash and pierce. My main one-handed weapon is a slashing weapon, and Asuna's weapon is a thrust type. Maces and warhammers are smashing weapons, and the short spear that killed Kains and the long spear Schmitt had are of course piercing types.
However, a few throwing weapons actually have a vague classification. Of all the throwing weapons, the boomerang or the sickles are slashing types; the flying daggers are stabbing types, and my throwing picks are piercing types. That's right. It looks like a large metal needle that's only 12cm long, but this pick is really a piercing weapon, which means it can create some minor piercing damage.
It's too stupid to just waste my equipment's durability just to test this on my HP, so I took off my left glove and used the pick in my right now to stab at my bare hand.
"Wa...WAIT A SEC!"
A sharp shout caused my hand to stop.
I turn my head around, and Asuna had already opened her item window and got ready to take out a very expensive healing crystal. I couldn't help but smile wryly and said,
"Isn't it too exaggerated? I'll only lose about 1 to 2% of my HP when I get stabbed in the hand by such a pick."
"Idiot! Anything can happen outside the area! Party with me and let me see your HP!"
Asuna angrily stated as she seemed to be lecturing a stupid little brother, and then opened a window and invited me to a party. I cringed my head back a little and immediately pressed on the accept button, and right below my HP bar at the top left hand corner, I could see Asuna's small HP bar.
Now that I think about this, this is the first time I'm teaming up with this girl. Of course, we've met many times as part of the clearing group, but she is the sub-leader of the strongest guild, and I'm just a small solo player, so we haven't had much chance to talk to each other.
Unexpectedly, it's so easy now, and I'm partying with her alone. Just a while back, we're having disagreements over defeating a boss, and even had a 1 v 1 duel.
Asuna held onto the pink crystal as she looked tense and got ready. I can't help but look at her face.
"...What is it?"
"Nothing...well, I didn't think that you'd worry about me like that..."
The moment I said that, Asuna's white face was immediately dyed into the same color as the crystal. She then angrily said to me again,
"Of...of course not! Wait, it's not exactly like th...ARGH! JUST STAB IF YOU WANT TO DO SO!!"
EHHH!? I immediately grabbed the pick again.
"I, I'm going to stab then."
I declared, and forcefully took a deep breath——
I then proceeded to do the beginner level throwing skill «Single Shot» at my extended left hand.
My two fingers on my right hand held onto the pick, and with a slightly dark light effect, it pierced through my hand.
With an impact, the uncomfortable numbness and slight pain passed through my nerves.
The HP bar deducted more HP than what I expected, and I lost about 3%. Now that I remember, I swapped the ordinary picks with a rare drop.
I endured this uncomfortable feeling and turned to look at the metal needle that's stabbed into my hand. 5 seconds later, the red light effect flashed again, and the HP dropped by 0.5%. This is the «Continuous Pierce Damage DOT».
"...HURRY UP AND ENTER THE AREA!"
Asuna's tense voice prompted me, and I immediately nodded and stared at the HP bar and the pick before heading to the gate leading to the area.
The moment my feet stepped from the wet grassland to the hard stone floor, my sights see the words «Inner Area».
And then —— the HP bar stopped dropping.
Every five seconds, there would be a red light effect, but the hit points showed no sign of decreasing. As expected, any damage would be nullified inside the area.
"...It stopped."
Asuna whispered, and I nodded and agreed with her.
"The weapon's still embedded in me, but the continuous damage stopped, huh?"
"How does it feel?"
"It's still on my body. This is probably to prevent an idiot stabbed with such a weapon to enter the area directly..."
"You're that kind of idiot now."
On hearing that cold telling-off, I could only cringe my neck back and pull the pick out. The uncomfortable feeling passed through my nerves, causing my body to tense up. There's no sign of any wounds on the back of my left hand, but the icy metallic touch still remained on it. I couldn't help but blow the back of my hand and said,
"The damage did stop...in that case, why did Kains die...? Is it the unique characteristic of the weapon...or some unknown skill...TWAAHHH!?"
The reason for the final shout at the end is—
Asuna suddenly used both hands to grab my left hand and pulled it in front of her chest before forcefully holding onto it.
"You...wha...what...?"
After a few seconds, the sub-leader let go of the hand and glanced at me before saying,
"The remaining feeling of the damage disappeared, right?"
"——U, un. Well, thanks."
The reason why my heart raced is most likely because I was shocked.
It's definitely just like that, definitely.

10am. Yolko walked out from the inn. She looks like she didn't sleep at all as she continued to blink as she bowed to Asuna and me.
I nodded back at her and first apologized,
"Sorry for bothering you when your friend just..."
"No worries..."
This girl who should be slightly older than me swayed her deep blue hair as she shook her head.
"It's alright. I want to hurry up and find the culprit too..."
After that, she turned her eyes to Asuna, and immediately widened her eyes.
"Wow, that's amazing. Are these clothes all one-make goods from Ashley-san's shop? This is the first time I'm seeing someone dressed up fully in that!"
...Another name? I wondered and asked,
"Who's that?"
"Don't you know?"
Yolko looked at me with an expression of disbelief, and then explained,
"Ashley-san is a super tailor who's the first one in Aincrad to master the sewing skill to level 1000! If you don't get the rarest and highest quality materials, she won't make them for you!"
"I see!"
I'm thoroughly impressed. Even someone like me who's been fighting like an idiot only managed to improve the mastery skill of one-handed swords to level 1000.
I can't help but turn my gaze to Asuna and look at her from top to bottom, and the rapier user's face immediately tensed up, screaming before walking forward.
"It...it's not like that!"
——I have no idea what that was about at all.

Just like that, Asuna lead Yolko, who seemed to realize something, and I, who don't understand what's going on at all, to that restaurant where our meal was interrupted.
It's still early, so there aren't any signs of other players inside. We sat on the inner most table and measured the distance from here to the door. The distance is so far away, if we didn't shout out, it was impossible for people outside the shop to hear us. I always thought in the past that we just needed to hide in an inn room and lock it up before saying our secrets, but recently, I learnt that it's even easier to let those with great eavesdropping abilities to hear all our conversations.
As Yolko had already taken breakfast, the three of us only ordered drinks before getting into the topic at hand.
"First our report...last night, we went to check the «Monument of Life» at the Black Iron Palace. Kains-san definitely died there."
On hearing my words, Yolko gasped for a short while, closed her eyes, nodded and said,
"I see...thank you for deliberately going over to such a far place to check..."
"No worries. Besides, we want to know about another name."
Asuna immediately shook her head, and then raised the first important question.
"Erm, Yolko-san. I'm going to ask you some names you may not have heard of before...one of them should be a blacksmith called «Grimlock». The other one is a long spear user called...«Schmitt»."
Yolko's lowered head suddenly jerked.
Soon after, she did an ambiguous but definite action.
"Yes, I know them. Kains and I were members of the same guild in the past."
This tiny voice caused Asuna and I to look at each other.
Is that so? In that case, we have to come up with another hypothesis—did «some incident» happen in that guild in the past to cause this incident?
This time, I'm the one who raised the second question.
"Well, Yolko-san. I know this may be tough for you to answer, but I hope you can tell the truth so that we can solve this case. We feel that this incident has something to do with some form of «revenge» or «judgment». Did Kains-san get killed because of what happened in that guild and was hated by the criminal as revenge...? I've asked this yesterday as well, but I hope that you can think through this again. Are there any clues or anything suspicious...?"
This time, she didn't answer immediately.
Yolko still kept her head down. After a long moment of silence, she used her trembling hands to pick up the cup to take a sip of tea before nodding.
"...Yes...there really is something. I'm really sorry for not saying it...that's because I really want to forget it...and I don't want to remember it. Also, I thought that there's no relationship between these two things, so I didn't say it out immediately...but I'm willing to do so now. It's because of «that incident» that caused our guild to be wiped out.

——The guild's name was «Golden Apple». This guild was a weak guild that had only 8 players, and their aim wasn't to clear, but to hunt safely to earn money for lodging and food.
But, half a year ago...autumn last year.
We, who entered an ordinary dungeon in the middle floors, suddenly met a monster we had never seen before. It was a completely black cricket, fast and hard to identify...we immediately knew that it was a rare monster. Everyone excitedly chased after it...and someone threw out a knife. Coincidentally, it hit that monster by luck and defeated it.
The drop was a ring that looked normal, but after inspection, everyone was shocked. It could increase 20 points of agility. I think this is a magic item that's not even dropped on the front lines.
What happened next...I guess you should be able to guess what happened.
We split up into two groups, one where the guild members would use it, and one where we would sell it for money. After a very rough argument where we nearly started fighting, we voted. In the end, the vote count was 5 to 3 in favor of selling it. The middle floor merchants couldn't handle such a rare item, so the guild leader took the ring to the bustling city on the frontlines and asked the others to sell it at the auction ring.
We had to spend quite some time investigating the market price and a reliable merchant to auction it, so the leader intended to stay a night on the frontlines. I was excitedly waiting for the leader to bring the money back once the auction is over. Even if we had to divide it into eight, the sum would be pretty large, so I've been looking at the records to see what weapons I would buy from which shops or what personal branded clothing I could buy...at this point, I never expect...things ended up like this...
...The leader didn't come back.
It had been past an hour since the following night when we promised to meet up, and the leader didn't bring any news. There wasn't any response even after we tracked where she was, and the leader never responded to all the messages we sent over.
It was impossible for the leader to take the treasure and run away, so we had a bad feeling about it. Some people went to the «Monument of Life» in Black Iron Palace to check on the situation.
And in the end...

Yolko bit her lips and shook her head sideways.
Asuna and I don't know what to say to console her.
Luckily —— or we can say, Yolko soon wiped away the tears and looked up, and then said with a trembling yet rather clear voice,
"The time of death was the night the leader took the ring to the higher levels, past midnight at 1 AM. The cause of death was...Continuous Pierce Damage DOT."
"...She probably wouldn't take it out of the area if it's such a rare item. In that case...it's a «Sleeping PK»?"
I murmured, and Asuna seemed to agree with me.
"Half a year ago, not a lot of people knew about such a killing method, and a lot of people stayed overnight in public places to save lodging fees."
"The inns near the frontlines are rather expensive too...but this shouldn't be a coincidence. The one who killed the leader...should be a player who knew about this ring...which means..."
With her eyes closed, Yolko nodded her head slightly.
"The «Golden Apple» guild had only 7 people left...so it was one of us. Of course, we thought about that, but...we couldn't track where everyone was...so we started to suspect each other, and the guild soon collapsed."
The bitter silence covered the top of the table.
——It's really an uncomfortable story to hear.
——However, this really is something that can possibly happen.
It's not rare to see a harmonious guild collapse without signs of disharmony because of a rare once in ten thousands drop they got. The reason why we often don't hear about such gossip is because the people involved mostly want to forget about these things.
However, there's still a question I had to ask Yolko.
I faced this older girl, who's lowering her head in a depressed manner, summoned my courage and asked,
"I would like you to tell me something. The names of the three people who were against selling the ring are...?"
Yolko was silent for several seconds, and then seemed to decide on things as she lifted her head up and answered clearly,
"Kains, Schmitt...and me."
——This answer more or less surprised me. Yolko wordlessly watched me blink and continued on with some self-deprecating tone,
"It's just that the reason I opposed it is different. Kains and Schmitt were frontlines warriors and wanted to use it for themselves, and for me...it's because I was starting to go out with Kains. I was putting my feelings for my boyfriend as a priority rather than the benefit of the guild. It's stupid, right?"
Yolko then closed her mouth and looked at the table. At this moment, Asuna, who had been keeping quiet, suddenly asked with a gentle tone,
"Yolko-san. Did you...still keep in contact with Kains-san after the guild was disbanded...?"
Yolko still looks down as she shook her head slightly.
"...As the guild disbanded, we naturally split up. We occasionally meet up to chat, that's all...if we stayed with each other for too long, we'll just think about that ring incident. It was the same yesterday. We only agreed to have a meal...yet such a thing happened before we had it..."
"I see...I suppose you've been hit badly. Sorry for asking so many things you don't want to mention about."
Yolko shakes simply her head.
"It's alright. And...about Grimlock..."
I inadvertently sit up after hearing her name.
"...He was the sub-leader of the «Golden Apple», and the «husband» of the guild leader. Of course, we're talking about SAO itself."
"Eh...the leader was a girl?"
"Un. The leader's really strong...but I'm talking about the middle areas...she's an outstanding one-handed swordsman, beautiful and smart...I really admired her. So...even till now, I still can't believe that the leader would actually be killed by such an underhanded method like the «Sleeping PK»..."
"...Grimlock must be really shocked then. The lover he's married to was..."
After hearing Asuna mutter, Yolko's body jerked.
"Yes. He was a very gentle swordsmith before this...but after that incident happened, it feels like he became really violent...he never contacted anyone after the guild disbanded, and his whereabouts are unknown."
"I see...sorry for asking you such troubling questions, but can you please tell me one last thing? About yesterday...do you think the one who killed Kains-san may be Grimlock? actually, the black short spear stabbed into Kains-san's chest...we inspected it and found it to be made by Grimlock."
This question is actually asking her whether Kains may be the real murderer of the «ring incident» half a year ago.
Yolko pondered for a while and then nods her head with a slight action.
"...It's true...there is such a possibility. But Kains and I never killed the leader and snatched the ring. We can't prove our innocence...but if the killer yesterday was Grimlock...he might want to kill the three people who were opposed to selling the ring, Kains, Schmitt and me..."

Asuna and I sent Yolko back to the inn she was at and handed her several days worth of food, telling her not to leave the room no matter what.
We considered the difficulties of her not leaving, so we moved her to the executive suite that's composed of 3 rooms linked to each other and paid a week's deposit first. However, we can't depend on playing computer games to kill time in Aincrad, and there's a limit to being in a room when we're bored, so we promised her that we'll solve this case as soon as possible and left the inn.
"...Actually, I'll feel more secure if we can move her to the KoB headquarters..."
If we move Yolko over to the KoB headquarters and ask them for protection, we'll have to tell the entire guild exactly what happened. In other words, the details of the «Golden Apple» disbanding will be revealed. I guess Yolko refused us so as to protect Kains' honor.
As we arrived back at the transfer gate plaza, the bell indicating 11am rang.
The rain finally stopped, but there's a thick layer of mist starting to form. I looked at Asuna, who's dressed in black and dark pink through the mist, and said,
"Then, let's..."
"...?"
Asuna felt a little bewildered after seeing that I stopped midway through my sentence.
It's too late —— but I conclude that we should say something, so I deliberately coughed a few times before indicating,
"Ahem, nothing. Un—well...that get-up really suits you."
Ohh, I said it now. Now I'm a first-class gentleman.
The moment I said that, Asuna immediately gave a horrified look. She quickly pointed her right index finger out at me and poked it into my chest, angrily growling,
"Ugh—! YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO SAY THAT WHEN WE FIRST MET!"
After saying that, Asuna declares, I'M GOING TO CHANGE! and quickly turned back at a very fast speed. The side of her face was already red, but this must be because she's angry.
I don't understand. I really don't understand the so-called woman's heart.

Asuna used the empty house nearby to change into her knightly attire, swung her long hair back and quickly headed for me before saying,
"Then, what are we going to do next?"
"Ah, okay. There are several options...the first is to head to the middle levels to hear about this Grimlock guy and find where he is. The second is to interview the other members of the Golden Apple and verify Yolko-san's words. The third...is to investigate how Kains-san was killed. That's likely to be all."
"Un..."
Asuna folded her arms in front of her chest and started to ponder.
"The first option is too inefficient with just the two of us. Based on our current hypotheses, if the criminal is really Grimlock, he would be hiding somewhere already. The second option...the other members are also involved, so we can't verify Yolko-san's words..."
"Eh? Why?"
"What'll happen if we get conflicting information from what Yolko-san said just now? We can't tell which side is telling the truth, and it'll be more chaotic for us. We need objective views to help us make our decision..."
"Then...the third option's the only thing left."
We looked at each other and nodded.
It's a little sorry to Yolko, but Asuna and I are so into this case not because we're trying to find out the truth behind the «Golden Apple» leader's death, but to find out the «Inside area PK» method that killed Kains.
Based on what we could see last night, the fact is that we could only confirm that «Continuous Pierce Damage DOT outside the area can never be carried over inside the area». That's why we have to thoroughly discuss if there are other possibilities.
"However...I still wish someone more knowledgeable can help us out..."
I muttered, and Asuna immediately frowned and answered,
"Even so, it's really unfair to Yolko-san if we just spread information randomly. Besides, there's no one that's trustworthy enough and is more familiar with the SAO system than us..."
"...Ah."
I suddenly thought of a player, and then immediately flicked a finger.
"There is someone like that. Let's call that guy out."
"Who?"
I said the answer, and Asuna's eyes widened like longans.

Part 5
I can be certain that the guy wasn't attracted by the 'I'll treat you' clause, but I was really shocked when that guy really appeared 30 minutes after Asuna messaged him.
On seeing that burly body come out silently from the central transfer gate of Algade, many pedestrians moving around the plaza raised a commotion. This guy had a dark red robe and platinum hair that's tied up, and he did not have any weapons on his waist and back—making one even associate him with a «magician» class that didn't exist in SAO. The leader of the «Knights of the Blood» guild and the strongest swordsman, the «Holy Sword» Heathcliff, saw us, and immediately raised his eyebrows before moving over like he's gliding.
Asuna immediately bowed agilely and quickly explained,
"Leader, sorry for calling you out here all of a sudden! This idio...no, this person didn't listen to me and insisted on you coming over no matter what...!"
"It's alright. I just wanted to have lunch too anyway. Besides, it's rare to have the «Black Swordsman» Kirito-kun to get a chance to treat me anyway. I have to attend a meeting with the members of the equipment group in the evening, so I can meet up with you now."
Heathcliff said with a smooth tenor voice that had an iron will in it, and I looked up at him and shrugged, saying,
"You managed to block that monster in the boss battle on this floor for ten minutes, so I can thank you by treating you. I can also tell you some of the more interesting latest news."
I brought the leaders of the strongest guild KoB, and lead them to the weirdest looking restaurant I knew of in Algade. I didn't really like the food here, but the overall atmosphere created by the restaurant seemed to touch my emotional chords for some reason.
After moving around in the maze-like narrow alley for about 5 minutes, I turned right, headed down the stairs, headed left and climbed up the stairs. As that shop finally appeared in the slightly dim space, Asuna said,
"...You're going to lead me out too, or else I won't be able to head back to the plaza."
"I heard that there are several people who didn't bring their teleport crystals around and got lost, and after moving around for half a day, they still couldn't get out."
I deliberately showed a smile and scared Asuna, and Heathcliff immediately quipped,
"You just need to pay an NPC on the streets 10 col and they'll send you to the plaza. Of course, if you don't even have this money..."
After saying this, he gently clapped his hands together and quickly walked into the shop. Asuna gave a bewildered look as we followed him.
The cramped shop was as empty as I had expected. After sitting down at a cheap 4 seater table, I ordered 3 «Algade Noodles» from the gloomy looking shop owner and drank up the iced water in the glass. Asuna sat on my left and said with a delicate expression,
"Why is it...like we're doing a cross-examination..."
"You're thinking too much. Then, let's get straight to the point to avoid delaying the busy leader-dono."
I looked up and saw Heathcliff being all nonchalant as I said that.
Asuna first explained what happened last night clearly. While listening to her, the «Holy Sword»'s expression didn't seem to change at all, and only twitched his eyebrows on hearing Kains' death.
"...That's how it is. It's somewhat troublesome, but I hope you can give us some suggestions, leader..."
Asuna concluded. Heathcliff drank another gulp of water, and then answers, un,
"Then, let me hear your hypothesis, Kirito-kun. What's your view about this «Inside area murder» method?"
On hearing the topic being directed at me, I put down the hand supporting my face and immediately raised three fingers.
"Un...I guess there are about 3 possible methods. First, an actual inner area duel. Second, combining a known method with a system loophole, and third...an unknown skill or equipment that can cause the Anti-Criminal Code to lose its effect."
"You can forget about the third possibility."
Heathcliff immediately concluded, and these words caused me to stare at his face. Asuna was like me, blinking a few times before asking,
"...Leader, how can you be so certain?"
"Think about it. If you're the developer of this game, would you design such a skill or weapon?"
"Un...probably not."
I answered.
"Why is that?"
I looked back at the yellowish-bronze eyes that had a magnetic effect, and continued,
"That's because...it's too imbalanced. I really don't want to admit it, but the rules of SAO are rather fair. Of course, your «Unique Skill» can't be considered as such."
I curled my lips up while adding that last sentence, and Heathcliff silently smiled back at me in the same manner.
Deep inside, I was shocked, but my expression didn't change at all. Even if he's the leader of the KoB guild, he can't possibly know that I recently got «that» in my skill window.
Asuna looked back and forth at Heathcliff and me while we exchanged weird smiles with each other, sighed and shook her head before interrupting,
"Either way, discussing this third possibility is a waste of time because we can't confirm it. Then...let's examine the first assumption, the possibility of a proper duel."
"Alright. But...the shop here really is really slow in serving food."
I shrugged at Heathcliff, who was looking deep into the counter.
"As far as I know, the shop owner here is the most unenthusiastic in Aincrad. This is also one of the shop's specialties. Besides, ice water can be refilled without limit here."
I took up the cheap kettle and continued to pour ice water into leader-dono's cup in front of him.
"——If the player dies inside the circle, it must be because of a duel, un...this can be said to be common knowledge. But I can confirm that there was no sign of any window indicating a victor. Are there those kind of duels?"
At this moment, Asuna, who was sitting beside me, suddenly tilted her head.
"...Speaking of which, I've never noticed this before. Where does the window that indicates the winner appear?"
"Eh? Well..."
Actually, I've never thought about this question before. But Heathcliff immediately answered without hesitation,
"It'll appear in the middle of the duel participants. Or, if both sides are ten meters apart when the victor's decided, there'll be two windows appearing at the closest point to them."
"...To think you know this kind of rules. That means...even if it's far away, it'll appear at most 5m away from Kains."
My mind recalled the scene of that tragedy, and I shook my head and said,
"There were no windows appearing in the surrounding space, I can be certain of that since there were a lot of witnesses. Also, if it appeared behind Kains inside the church, it means that the criminal was still inside the church at that time. However, Asuna, who ran into the church just before Kains died, didn't see anyone. That makes it really weird."
"Speaking of which, there were no windows inside the church."
Asuna added.
Hmm. I wonder. Then——
"...So...it's not a duel?"
As I muttered, the already pitiful atmosphere in this restaurant seemed to become even heavier.
"...Did you choose the wrong shop...?"
Asuna muttered, seemingly trying to change the thought process here as she finished up the ice water inside her glass before putting it back on the table with a klang. I then immediately fill her glass with ice water. She thanked me with a vague expression, and then raised two fingers before saying,
"The second possibility is the only possibility left. «System Loophole»...but I just feel that something is wrong with this."
"What's wrong about it?"
"«Continuous Pierce Damage»."
There were toothpicks on the table, which were unnecessary in the first place —— it was impossible to dirty our teeth in this world —— Asuna drew one and used this pocket-sized weapon to throw into the air.
"I feel that the short spear wasn't just used to showcase a public execution. Perhaps he has to rely on continuous damage to create a PK inside the area...that's what I think."
"Un. I feel the same."
I nod, and then shook my head,
"But didn't we experiment this before? Even if we use a piercing weapon out the area to stab through, the damage would stop once we moved into the area."
"That is when they walk over. Then...what if they used the «Return Crystal»? He set up a crystal in a small room inside the church to exit and then moved from outside the area to that place...would the damage stop as well?"
"Of course."
Heathcliff's sharp voice answered.
"No matter whether it's walking or teleporting or even being thrown into the area...once anyone enters the street area, the «Code» will work without exception."
"Wait. This «street area» you're talking about refers only to the ground or the inside of the buildings, right? What about in the air?"
I suddenly had a weird imagination when I raised this question.
That rope. If Kains, who was stabbed through with the short spear, was hung on the neck by the rope, what would happen if he was immediately hung and stabbed through without touching the ground before being pushed out through the corridor...
This question caused even Heathcliff to hesitate.
But two seconds later, his tied longhair swayed sideways.
"No —— strictly speaking, the «area» extends from the streets and above until the cover, the base of the next level. The moment someone moves into that 3-dimensional space, the «Code» will protect that person. So even if someone sets the exit 100m above the streets and move from outside the area into the air, there won't be any fall damage. However, one will have to experience some unpleasant mental impact."
"Is that so~"
Asuna and I let out voices of amazement.
Of course, we're not amazed by the shape of the «area» region, but by Heathcliff's well-versed knowledge and memory. I had the thought of does someone need to know so many things just to be a guild leader, but I immediately denied that thought the moment a certain bearded katana user appeared in my mind.
However——
If that is the case, even if there's a «Continuous Pierce Damage» existing, since Kains is inside the area, this damage should have stopped. In other words, there should be another source of damage on that guy's HP other than the short spear «Guilty Thorn» —— are there no other loopholes?
I continued to think, and slowly stated my guess.
"...On the Monument of Life, the time of Kains death was there, and the cause of death is clearly stated there —— «Continuous Pierce Damage». Also, what was left at Kains' death scene was that black short spear."
"Yeah. It's really hard to imagine the criminal using another weapon."
"Listen to me..."
My mind immediately thought of that flinging-like feeling when a powerful monster dealt a critical hit, and continued,
"Once someone is hit by a powerful critical hit, what will happen to their HP bar?"
Asuna immediately gives me a don't-you-already-know-this expression and answered,
"Of course it will decrease by a lot."
"It means there's a problem with how it decreases. The HP won't drop in one huge shot but slowly decrease from right to left, right? In other words, there is some delay in the attack until the HP is worn out."
As I said this, Asuna finally understood what I was trying to get at. But Heathcliff still looked emotionless, which made it hard to tell what he was actually thinking.
I continued to look at both of them, and then waved my hand to say,
"For example...that spear hit outside the area caused Kains' HP to drop from max to zero. From the equipment, I can tell that that guy's a tank, so his HP should be rather high. The HP bar will then drop from max to zero, un...it's not surprising even if it takes 5 seconds to wear out. The culprit must have used this time to teleport back through a portal and sent Kains into the church to hang from the window..."
"Wa...wait a second."
Asuna keeps her voice down and interrupts me.
"Kains is not of the clearing group, but he's an elite player amongst the middle levels. Using just a single sword skill to reduce this person's HP down to zero is impossible for me...and for you!"
"Un, that's true."
I nodded slightly.
"Even if we used a «Vorpal Strike» to deal a critical damage, we probably can't drop his HP to half. But in SAO, there are thousands of players. We can't deny that there are high leveled swordsmen who don't belong to the clearing group...those that Asuna and I don't know of."
"So what you're trying to say is...we don't know whether Grimlock was the one who killed Kains with that short spear or a «red» player he requested, but that guy has the ability to take down a fully-armored tank...?"
I shrugged to affirm this, and looked at the guy opposite me with an attitude of waiting for a «teacher» to grade.
Heathcliff's half-closed eyes stared at the table, and after a while, he nodded,
"In terms of method, that's not impossible. It's true that once you carry out a hit outside the area to drop the HP down to zero and open a portal to move the target over, you can create a so-called «Inside area PK»."
Oh? So I'm right? The moment I thought this was the case, that clear voice added, "However..."
"...I suppose you should know. A piercing weapon's main characteristic is the length, followed by the armor piercing ability. In terms of pure power, it's not as strong as a smashing weapon or a slashing one. If even a heavy long spear can't do it, it's even less possible for a mere short spear."
This really blew a hole in my reasoning.
I pouted like a grumbling kid, and on seeing this, Heathcliff smiled and continued,
"If someone was to use a short spear that is not exactly a high-rank item to take down a middle-level tank...I think that person will have to be at least level 100 to do so."
"100!!???"
Asuna immediately cried out in panic.
The rapier user widened her ground-yellow eyes and turned to look at Heathcliff, and then me, and then back and forth again, before shaking her head and saying,
"No...it's impossible for such a person to exist. We've been training for so long, so you shouldn't have forgotten, right? If it's level 100...it's impossible to do so without training 24 hours a day on the frontlines dungeons."
"That's what I feel too."
Since the strongest guild KoB leaders deny this possibility, how can this puny little solo player raise a logical argument? In fact, even I, who is basically the highest levelled player in the clearing group, is only just above level 80.
"...The-then it may not be the player's ability, but the strength of the sword skill, for example...a second person with a «Unique Skill» that appeared or something..."
The moment I said this, the leader shrugged his shoulders that were covered with the dark red cape, and then smiled,
"Fu...if such a player really exists, I'll definitely ask him to join the KoB immediately."
As those unpredictable eyes stared at me, I could only give up on such a possibility and leaned the cheap chair's back.
"Hn~ I thought this might work. What is left is..."
Just when I was about to say the stupid statement 'request a boss-level monster in the training grounds to beat Kains', a figure stealthily appeared beside me.
"Sorry to keep you waiting..."
The NPC shop owner said with a lazy tone as he served 3 bowls of noodles from the rectangular tray. The bangs under the oil-stained chef's hat were too long, and I couldn't see his face clearly.
Asuna was already used to seeing NPC shop workers on the other floors who were clean, polite and serious in their work, and was dumbstruck as she could only watch the shop owner leave slowly and return to the counter.
I picked up the cheap wash-free chopsticks on the table, PAK, split them apart and pulled a bowl of noodles over. Asuna did the same thing as me and whispered,
"...What's this? Ramen?"
"Sho-should be something similar?"
I said so, and pulled the wavy noodles that were soaked in the clear soup base out.
And then, 3 sounds of slurps and food munching could be heard inside the shop.
An abnormally hot and dry wind blew in from the door, and in the sky above, unknown birds let out a 'QUACK—' sound.
A few minutes later, I pushed my finished bowl of noodles to a corner of the table, and then looked at the man opposite me before saying,
"...Then, leader-dono. Any inspiration?"
"..."
Heathcliff, who finished the soup before putting down his bowl, stared at a picture that looked like kanji at the bottom of the bowl,
"...This isn't ramen. Definitely not."
"Un, I feel the same."
"Then, I'll give you an answer of value equivalent to this bowl of fake ramen."
Tak. He lifted his head and put down the wash-free chopsticks.
"...Through the current information, I can't conclude «exactly what happened». But I can say this —— listen up...in this case, the only clues you can consider 'absolutely reliable' are what you saw or heard first-hand."
"...? What does that mean...?"
Heathcliff used those brass-like eyes to stare at Asuna and I who were sitting side by side, and then said,


"It means...what you see and hear in Aincrad are all digital databases that can be converted to processes. There are no such thing as illusions or hallucinations here. On the other hand, all sort of information that aren't data will have some possibility of illusion or lies. If you want to track this killer...«Inner area incident», you can only trust in your own eyes and ears. In other words, your brains have to collect the data directly."
Heathcliff finally said 'thanks for the treat, Kirito-kun', and stood up.
I pondered about what this mysterious swordsman said and got up, telling the shop owner 'we're full', and slipping through the door to leave.
'Why does that kind of shop exist'. Heathcliff, who was in front of me, muttered these words that entered my ears softly.

As the leader-dono seemed to merge into the maze-like streets and disappear, I turned to Asuna, who was standing beside me, and asked her,
"...Do you understand what he just said?"
"...Un."
On seeing her nod, I can't help but get the 'as expected of sub-leader' thought.
"Yeah...anyway, what was just served was 'Tokyo-style ramen without soy sauce', which caused such a half-baked taste."
"Huh?"
"I've decided. One day, I'm going to make soy sauce. Or else I think this insatiable feeling seems like it will never disappear."
"...Is that so. Do your best then..."
I nodded and snarked back with "THAT'S NOT WHAT I'M ASKING HERE!"
"Eh? Kirito-kun? What did you just say?"
"Sorry for bringing you here to eat something so weird. It's my fault, so please hurry up and forget about it. What I was asking just now is, that Heathcliff just said some enlightening-like words. What do they mean?"
"Ahh..."
This time, Asuna definitely nodded and answered me,
"He means, don't believe second-hand information you heard from others completely. In this situation, he's talking about the motive...the «Golden Apple» guild's rare ring incident."
"Ehh~?"
I can't help but moan.
"So you've been suspecting Yolko-san? It's true that those words were completely baseless...but, didn't you just say it just now, Asuna? It's meaningless to doubt what she said without saying what's true and what's not, right?"
In the end, Asuna glanced at me for some reason, and then quickly looked away before nodding a few times.
"We-well, I did say that. But, it's just like the leader said. There are really too few methods to conclude which PK method was used. In that case, why don't we ask someone else who is involved? If we suddenly mention the ring, he might even tense up and reveal some information."
"Eh? Who are you talking about?"
"The one who took that spear away from you, of course."

Part 6
The numbers shown on the bottom right corner of my sight indicated that it was 2pm.
Normally, this is the time lunch ended, and the time where the dungeon clearing and training would go on. However, I didn't have the time to leave the street area. Just moving through the frontline fields and heading into the uncleared dungeon areas would take us until sunset.
For someone like me, who'll slack because «the weather's good», it's fine, but for «The Flash», who was unable to take part in the clearing for 2 straight days, she must be feeling unhappy.
I wondered as I glanced aside to look at Asuna's response. This woman unexpectedly gave off a gentler feeling than usual. She's not only messing with mysterious shops in the dark alleys of Algade, but also looking at the culverts that lead to who knows where —— the moment she noticed me. Nn? She gave me such a look and smiled at me.
"What is it?"
She asked, and I hurriedly shook my head and answered,
"N...no, it's nothing."
"You're a weirdo, even though I already knew that."
She started giggling all of a sudden, put her arms on her waist, and then used both heels of her shoes to stamp.
Please, I really don't know who the weirdo is here. Is this the same clearing devil who erupted into a rage and lectured me on sleeping yesterday? Or that she's been grumbling and yet fell for the «Algade-side» style? If that's the case, I'll definitely get her to try the «Algade Roast» that's even more exotic next time.
As I thought about that, I finally heard the buzzing of the transfer gate plaza coming from the side. Luckily, we didn't have to request a roadside NPC to get back to the plaza.
I forcefully stopped that weird excitement in me and gave a dry cough.
"Ahem...then, we're going over to question commander Schmitt. But at this time now, won't the members of the DDA be out hunting?"
Asuna kept her smile and put her fingers on her petite chin before saying,
"If Yolko-san's words are true, then Schmitt-san's is one of those «against the sale of the ring»...in other words, he and Kains-san are on the same side. From the way he appeared in front of you yesterday, it was obvious that he himself is already wary of this. Now that he's being targeted by an unknown «Red»...do you think he'll just leave the area in this situation?"
"Ahh...you do make some sense there. But that «Red» player may be using a PK method inside the area. Even if he stays in the streets, he won't be able to guarantee absolute safety."
"It's because of this that he wants to exert the maximum effort in ensuring his own safety. If he's not hiding at the inn, he's..."
On hearing till this point, I finally understood what Asuna was trying to get at. I flicked my finger and continued,
"He'll use the «Guarding city» method and hide inside the headquarters of the DDA."

One of the strongest guilds, the Divine Dragons Alliance, built its grand guild headquarters on the 56th floor, which was actually not too long ago. Of course, it's definitely not a coincidence that they set their headquarters on a higher floor than the Knights of the Blood who built theirs on the 55th floor, but I saw that it was more of an exaggerated building like a «castle» or a «fort» rather than a «home», and couldn't help but feel disgusted by such daringness. Klein, Agil and I once cleared a table full of dishes to give them some respect, but too many taste signals entered us, and our stomachs felt swollen for 3 whole days.
I, who walked out from Algade's transfer gate, looked at the horrifying museum of filling food on the hill that overlooked the whole stretches of streets, and couldn't help but burp. Asuna didn't seem to react much as she immediately walked down that red bricked path along the slope.
I looked at the silver-based blue dragon guild flag that flapped above, and deliberately kept my volume down before saying,
"Speaking of which, even if DDA-sama is a famous guild, it's really amazing that they can get so much funds to buy such a building. I don't know how you feel about this, KoB sub-leader-dono."
"Okay, I guess. If we look at the number of people in the guild, the members of DDA outnumber us 2 to 1. But about the funding, it is really a little weird. Our head of finances Daizen-san once said that 'they should have some highly efficient Farming Spots'."
"Is that so?"
The so called farming is an MMO-term for hunting large mobs at high speeds. Last year, I decided to take a high-risk activity because of a certain incident and used the «Ant Hill» on the 46th floor. It was a symbolic place. However, once the experience gain there at a certain time exceeded a certain limit, the «Cardinal System» that ruled the world of SAO would naturally decrease the efficiency.
Thus, the people amongst the clearing group had a gentlemanly agreement that 'we're to reveal all good farming areas to all places, and everyone is to collect the rich resources until they run out'. However, DDA may have gone against this agreement and hid such places —— that's basically what Asuna meant.
This is really sneaky, but DDA getting stronger basically meant that the entire clearing group would become stronger, so no one could tell them off for it.
If we did that, what will face us in the end would be self-hypocrisy in the clearing group. We set up a flag in the death game to release everyone, and brazenly took up most of the resources the system provided. However, this may be just to fulfill our own desire to be at the top of the pyramid.
On thinking about this, I suddenly felt that the «Aincrad Liberation Force», which had a completely different objective from the clearing group —— forcing all players to share all resources equally didn't seem to be much of a daydream. That's right. If the «Army» actually insisted on this, there wouldn't be this «inside area incident», and the ring drop from the monster that was the cause of the murder would be forcefully taken and sold, and all profits will be divided to every player.
"Really...the guy who created this death game is really too cruel..."
Why choose an «MMO»? There are so many RTS or FPS that are fairer and could easily decide the winner instantly.
SAO has been testing the greed of the high-leveled players. It forced the players to balance their puny sense of superiority against their friends —— or that could be said to be every single player.
And the criminal behind this ring incident got swallowed by his own greed.
Actually, I myself faced such a stern trial. That is because, in my Properties Window, there was a huge secret that even a rare magic item couldn't compare to, and I chose to keep it.
——Perhaps Asuna may have heard me muttering as she seemed to completely understand what was going on in my mind and muttered,
"That's why we have to solve this case."
Asuna forcefully grabbed my right hand, showing a strong smile that swept away any doubts. While I panicked, she told me to wait here, and then moved towards the large castle gate in front of us with heavy steps. I put my hand that still had some warmth on it into my coat pocket, and leant on a nearby tree.
Basically, only guild members there could enter this building that was registered as their guild headquarters. In other words, this is no different from a player's private house, so there was no need for guards. However, a guild which had ample manpower would still send people to stand in front, and their main aim wasn't to keep watch, but to pass messages from visitors.
And the Divine Dragons Alliance was the same. The splendid gate had two heavily-armed spearmen standing there like guards.
——They were more like mid-level bosses in an RPG rather than guards. On thinking about this, my heart started to be wary, but Asuna walked towards the guy on the right without hesitation and greeted him.
"Hello. I'm Asuna of the Knights of the Blood..."
The burly warrior immediately straightened his upper body and softly whispered,
"Ah, hello! It's been tough on you! Is there any reason why you specially made your way here?"
He didn't look like a guard or a mid-level boss. Asuna openly gave a cute smile to the giant who came running from the left side, and then stated her aim for this visit,
"I came here to talk to your guild member about something. Can you please help me contact Schmitt-san?"
Both men look at each other, and one of them tilted his head and said,
"That guy should be in the dungeon area at the frontlines, right?"
But the other answered,
"Ah, but he seemed to have said during breakfast that he's going to rest for the today because he has a headache. Maybe he is in his room. I'll try asking."
The way they established rapport with each other really shocked me. In terms of guild relation, the DDA and KoB definitely couldn't be considered to be on good relations with each other, but it might be different for interpersonal relationships —— of course, it might be because of Asuna's charm added to it. If it's the power of the latter working, I might as well stand here and not come out.
As I leaned my body near the tree branch clinging on the castle wall to try and hide further, another guard started to quickly type a message and sent it out.
And then, there was a reply in less than 30 seconds as the fingers of the guard again returned to the window. It seemed that Schmitt was really hiding inside the castle. If he was fighting in the dungeons on the frontlines, it was impossible for him to reply so quickly.
The guard looked at the message, and immediately frowned in a troubled manner.
"He is resting today...but, he wants me to ask you what this is about..."
Asuna pondered about this for a while, and simply answered,
"Just tell him 'I want to talk about the ring'."
The other party immediately answered.
The guy who should be lying on the bed because of a headache immediately rushed down to the castle gate and said 'let's go somewhere else' to talk and immediately walked briskly down the hill. Asuna, who followed Schmitt, passed me, and I pretended that nothing had happened as I walked out from the shades of the tree. Schmitt glanced at me, but he may have known that Asuna and I were investigating this, and didn't react at all as he merely walked faster.
Schmitt, who's walking quickly several meters in front of me, was still wearing the high-ranked armor that he wore when he snatched the short spear away from me, and there was even a thin layer of chainmail beneath it. He was not carrying that large long spear, but the weight of this equipment should be quite a lot. He just looked like he couldn't feel the burden as he continued to move forward at a fast speed. He was no longer just a mere tank, and was more like an American Football player.
This athlete-sized burly guy that was rare to find in SAO walked down the slope and entered the street area before finally stopping. He swayed the armor on his body and turned around, and immediately asked me instead of Asuna,
"Who told you about this?"
"Huh?"
I answered, and then immediately realized that he had left out the taboo term 'ring incident', and cautiously answered,
"...I heard it from an ex-member of the «Golden Apple»."
The moment I said this, the thick eyebrows below the upright short hair twitched.
"Who?"
At this moment, I hesitated for a moment. If Schmitt was the perpetrator yesterday, he should have known that Kains and Yolko were together. There was no point in hiding Yolko's name now.
"Yolko-san."
The moment I said that, the hulking man immediately looked like he had lost his soul as he looked up, and then gave a long sigh. Fuu...
I remained emotionless as my mind was thinking quickly. If his reaction now was 'relaxed' like I thought, that must be because he knew that Yolko and he were both 'against selling the ring'.
What happened yesterday may have involved the 'selling group', including Grimlock, taking revenge on the 'opposing group', and Schmitt obviously had known about it. That was why he had declared that he wasn't going to hunt, but hide inside the safety of his guild headquarters.
At this time, it's unlikely that Schmitt was Kains' murderer, but he obviously had a motive. For example, the culprits in the ring incident may be Kains and Schmitt, and Schmitt decided to kill him to prevent word from being leaked. I wondered as I raised my question,
"Schmitt-san, do you know where Grimlock, the one who made that short spear, is?"
"NO...NO IDEA!"
Schmitt shouted loudly as he shook his head vehemently.
"Ever since the guild disbanded, we never contacted each other. I don't even know if he's alive!"
He said quickly as his sights continued to move and looked at the streets. It was as if he was afraid that a short spear would suddenly fly in from somewhere.
At this moment, Asuna, who had been keeping quiet up till now, suddenly said in a steady voice,
"Schmitt-san. We're not looking for the culprit who killed the Golden Apple guild leader, but the one who started the incident yesterday...more correctly, we're looking for what method the criminal used to kill. This is to protect the peace inside the «Area» just like now."
She paused for a short while, and then continued with a sterner tone,
"...Unfortunately, the most suspicious person is the one who created that spear...and the spouse of the guild leader, Grimlock-san. Of course, someone may have deliberately made it seem that way, so we have to talk to Grimlock-san to get this clear. If you know his whereabouts or how to contact him, can you please tell us?"
Schmitt, who was being stared at with the light brown eyes, backed his upper body. It looked like he was not used to talking to female players, and of course, I'm the same.
He looked away and closed his mouth. If even Asuna's direct assault didn't work, he really is a tough enemy. I thought as I wanted to swallow my sigh, but soon,
"...I really don't know where he is. But..."
Schmitt stammered and said,
"Grimlock really likes an NPC restaurant and would always be there. Maybe he..."
"Re, really!?"
I leant my body forward and thought.
In Aincrad, eating can be said to be the only luxury. But at the same time, it's hard to find a flavor filled one from those cheap NPC restaurants. Since he liked it to such an extent of going over every day, it was hard for him not to go there in the long run. That's because I had my 3 meals from 3 different restaurants in a rotational manner. On a side note, those three doesn't include that enigmatic restaurant we went to just now.
"Then, please tell me the shop's name..."
"I have a condition."
Schmitt interrupted me.
"I can tell you, but I have a condition...let me meet Yolko."

Asuna and I let Schmitt stop at a nearby equipment store, and then started to discuss the condition.
"There...shouldn't be any problems, right? What do you think?"
"Un, well..."
Asuna asked, but I couldn't immediately answer and could only ponder out loud.
If Schmitt —— or Yolko, who almost definitely couldn't be the killer in the inside circle incident yesterday, were to meet, they might treat each other as someone to kill. Once they meet, one side might use an «Inside area PK skill» to cause a new victim, and I couldn't ignore this possibility.
However, for that to happen, that party would have to equip a weapon and use a sword skill. Such a motion would require opening a window to set up equipment and pressing the OK button. No matter how fast it is, it'll take about 4, 5 seconds.
"...With us standing around to watch, there probably won't be any chance to PK. However —— if it's not to PK, why did that Schmitt request to meet Yolko-san today?"
I move my arms aside, and Asuna seemed to be rather bothered.
"Who knows...don't tell me...he's been secretly admiring her...un, probably not."
"Eh, really!?"
I couldn't help but look back at that stiff-looking Schmitt, but Asuna immediately pulled my collar to prevent me from doing so.
"I said it's not! Anyway...if there's no danger, we just have to see if Yolko-san's willing. I'll send a message to her to confirm."
"O, okay then. I'll leave it to you."
Asuna opened her window and immediately hit the all-view keyboard at a blazing speed. This 'friend message' was a convenient function to contact a player far away, but it's pointless if one only knew the other party's name, since the person had to log the other party as a friend or a fellow guild member or a marriage partner. That's why we couldn't use it to contact Grimlock. We can send an 'instant message' once we know the name, but both sides had to be on the same level, and we couldn't tell if the other party received the message or not.
Yolko seemed to answer instantly, and Asuna glanced at the window that was not closed before nodding and saying,
"She said she's okay with it. Then...it's a little uneasy, but we better bring the person over. The location will be the inn where Yolko-san is in."
"Un. It's too risky to let her come outside."
I agreed, and finally manage to turn to look at Schmitt, who was inside the equipment shop. Once he saw me make an OK sign, the heavily equipped hulking figure's face showed an obvious relieved expression.

The three of us moved from the 56th floor to the main street of the 57th floor, Marten. Once we walked out from the blue transfer gate, the streets had already been dyed by sunset.
There were many NPC and merchant players in the plaza with stores and lined up with each other, and there were loud noises of selling coming at us. Between the shops, there were many swordsmen who were here to rest after a day's worth of hard work. However, they all obviously avoided a spot in the plaza, making the place look very empty.
That place was the land facing the church. Of course, about 24 hours ago, the guy called Kains mysteriously died here. I forced myself to look forward instead of looking over there, and started to move down the path I walked yesterday.
A few minutes later, we arrived at the inn and headed up to the second level. After a long walk down the corridor into the deepest place, we arrived at Yolko's room —— or rather, a room in which she could hide inside.
I knocked the door and said "This is Kirito."
There was an immediate response from inside the room, and I turned the handle on the door. The lock that was set so that 'only friends can open' let out a slight sound before opening.
After opening the door, I looked in to see the thing right in front of the door, a set of matching sofas placed in the middle of the room, and Yolko sitting on one of them. She quickly stood up, swayed her deep blue hair and bowed slightly.
I stood at the door, completely unmoving, looked at Yolko, and then at Schmitt's face that was right behind me before saying,
"Well...first, for safety reasons, I'm going to make this clear to everyone. Both sides are not allowed to equip weapons nor open windows. I hope you can abide by this. I know this may be unpleasant, but please follow these ground rules."
"...Okay."
"I understand."
Yolko said in a barely audible voice, and Schmitt answered in an anxious voice. I slowly entered the room and lead Schmitt and Asuna in.
These two ex-«Golden Apple» guild members who may not have met for a long time were only looking at each other silently.
Yolko and Schmitt used to be comrades of the same guild, but right now, there must be a difference of about 20 levels between them. Of course, the higher leveled member was definitely Schmitt, who belonged to the clearing guild. However, from what I could see, this strong spear user was a lot more tense than Yolko.
In fact, the one who spoke up first was also Yolko.
"...It's been a while, Schmitt."
She then smiled. Schmitt bit his lips hard first, and then answered in a hoarse voice,
"...Un. I thought we wouldn't meet again. Can I sit down?"
Yolko nodded, and this fully-armored hulking figure walked over to the other sofa while his armor is clanked noisily. I think this shouldn't be comfortable to sit in, but he had no intention of taking off his armor.
I closed the room and checked that it was locked before standing on the eastern side of where both of them sat, and Asuna stood opposite me.
We booked the most luxurious room in the inn for Yolko, who we had expect to stay in for a few days, so even with four people crowding the room, it was still rather wide. The door is at the northern side of the wall, and the west had another door leading to the bedroom. Also, the east and south side each had a window.
The window on the south side was completely open, and the breeze that carried the spring sunset blowed in freely through the window. Of course, the window was protected by the system, and even when someone opened it, nobody could enter. As this place is a lot taller than the surrounding buildings, one could see the scene of a deep purple street through the gaps of the white curtain.
The noise of the street that came in with the wind overwhelmed Yolko's slightly soft voice.
"Schmitt, I hear that you're currently a member of the Divine Dragons Alliance? That's really amazing. The Divine Dragons Alliance is considered an elite guild amongst the clearing group, right?"
I felt that this was a sincere praise, but Schmitt's wrinkles near his eyebrows became deeper. He said in a deep tone,
"What do you mean by that? Isn't that too unnatural?"
This abnormally direct answer caused me to frown, but Yolko didn't seem to be affected at all.
"How can that be? I just feel that after the guild disbanded, you must have tried hard to level up. Kains and I gave up after having difficulty leveling, so you're really amazing compared to us."
Yolko shook aside the deep blue hair that dangled on her shoulders and smiled again.
She's not as ridiculously fully equipped like Schmitt in full armor, but Yolko was wearing quite a bit too. Her thick dress had a leather vest, and she was wearing a purple velvet tunic. Her shoulders even had a shawl on, and though they couldn't be compared to metallic armor, with so much clothing on, that should at least increase quite a lot of defense. She looked rather calm right now, but deep inside, she must be feeling anxious.
At this point, Schmitt couldn't hide his nervousness as he leaned forward in his armor and said,
"JUST FORGET ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON WITH ME! MORE THAN THAT...I want to ask about Kains."
He suddenly hushed his voice and continued,
"Why is Kains still killed at this point? Did that guy...take the ring? Is that guy the one who killed GA's leader?"
I immediately understood that GA referred to Golden Apple, the simplified term of calling the «Golden Apple» guild. However, these words basically meant that he had nothing to do with the ring incident and the inside area murder. If this was an act, he could really be an actor.
On hearing his muttering, Yolko's expression finally showed some change for once. She kept her smile and faced Schmitt head on before saying,
"Impossible. Kains and I really respected the leader from the bottom of our heart. The reason we were against selling the ring was because it would be more pragmatic if we used it to increase the guild's battle strength instead of selling it in col. I think she would have the same thoughts as us now."
"Tha...that's what I thought too. Don't forget that I was against selling the ring. Besides...it's not that those against it had a motive to steal it. Those who agreed to sell it...those guys who wanted the col, someone amongst them may have wanted to gain all the profits from the sale!"
He used his right hand that was protected by the metal gauntlet to slap his own knee, and then cupped his head before saying,
"But...why did Grimlock still want to take action on Kains now...does he want to kill off the three of us who were opposed to selling the ring? Will you and I become his victims?"
——This doesn't look like an act at all. To me, Schmitt's agitated side profile showed real fear.
In comparison to Schmitt, who was scared stiff, Yolko regained her composure and said something to him.
"We still can't confirm that Grimlock killed Kains. Maybe another member requested him to make the short spear...or maybe..."
She turned her empty stare to the short table in front of the sofa and muttered,
"Maybe the leader is taking revenge on her own. Ordinary players can't possibly kill inside the area."
"Wha..."
The muscular man opened his mouth and panted. Even I was starting to feel a little scared when she said this.
Schmitt stared blankly at the smiling Yolko and said,
"But didn't you just say that Kains didn't take the ring away..."
Yolko didn't answer immediately as she just stood up and took a step to the right.
"I couldn't sleep at all last night. I could only think. Speaking of which, even though the one who killed the guild leader is someone in the guild, but it could be all of us. When that ring drop appeared, there wasn't any need to vote. We could have just followed the guild leader's instructions. No, we should have just let her equip that ring. The leader was the strongest swordsman amongst us, and she was the one who could use the ring to the maximum ability. However, we couldn't give up on our selfish desire, and no one raised such a suggestion. Everyone has been saying that we will one day let GA become part of the clearing group, but no one was thinking about the guild. Everyone was only hoping to make themselves stronger."
After saying so many words, Yolko's waist touched the frame of the south window.
She prepared to sit on it and continued,
"Only one person, only Grimlock-san said to leave it to the leader. That person gave up on his selfish desire and thought about the development of the guild. That's why that person became like this, and took revenge on us who can't give up on our desires, and he has the right to take revenge for the guild leader..."
The silence suddenly engulfed the room, and an icy night wind swayed through the air inside the room.
Kachan kachan kachan, the weak sounds of metal ringing could soon be heard. The source is the armor from the slightly trembling Schmitt. This battle-hardened elite player looked down with a pale face and muttered in a trance-like state,
"...Don't kid around. Stop kidding around. Right now...it's been half a year...why now..."
GABAK! He straightened his upper body and suddenly shouts,
"CAN YOU ACCEPT THAT, YOLKO! YOU'VE BEEN WORKING HARD TILL NOW! HOW CAN YOU JUST GET YOURSELF KILLED BY SUCH AN UNKNOWN METHOD!"
Schmitt, Asuna and I were all staring at Yolko at the window.
This female player, with an illusionary presence around her, let her stare roam through the air, seemingly thinking of how to answer Schmitt's question.
Soon after, her lips opened slightly, seemingly about to say something——
At this moment.
TONN! A deep sound suddenly echoed through the room. At the same time, Yolko widened her eyes and opened her mouth wide.
That slender body started to sway tremendously. She first took a forceful step forward, and then staggered and spun before putting her hand on the open window.
At this moment, a strong gust of wind blew, and the long hair behind Yolko swayed with it.
I saw an unbelievable thing.
A small black rod-shaped item poked out from the short, glossy, purple tunic.
As it was too small, I couldn't tell at the moment what that was. But when I saw that the rod-shaped object was flashing red, I immediately had a bad feeling about this.
"Ah...!"
Asuna let out an almost screaming gasp, and I instinctively rushed over immediately.
I reached my hand out and got ready to pull Yolko's body over. But...
My fingers merely grazed the shawl, and Yolko's body fell outside the inn silently.
"Yolko-SAN!"
Just as I shouted out and poked my body out of the window...
Yolko's body fell down onto the stone just like that, and after a bounce, was surrounded by a blue light effect.
BASHA! The sound of slight breaking could be heard immediately. The polygons shrapnel expanded out with the exploding blue light——
A second later, an item could be heard landing clearly, leaving only a black dagger on the road.

Part 7
How is this possible!
At this moment, my mind suddenly shouted silently, and there were a lot of reasons for this.
First, the guest room of the inn should be protected by the system. Even if the window was open, there was absolutely no way for someone to enter or throw it in successfully.
Also, it was really hard to believe that the small throwing dagger could create a Continuous Pierce damage which could wear out a medium-level player's HP. It's impossible for 5 seconds to have passed from the moment the dagger hit Yolko to the time it disappeared.
This couldn't be possibly happening. This killer's method can't be considered an «Inside area PK». This was already a horrifying instant death attack.
I held my breath and felt the absolutely chilling feeling on my back and forced myself to look away from the stone floor where Yolko had disappeared. I then looked up and widened my eyes like a camera lens to look at the street scene opposite.
Finally, I saw it.
About 2 blocks away from the inn, there was a roof of a building that was about as tall as this place.
A black figure stood over there with the deep purple sunset as a background——
The person was covered in a pitch black hooded robe, so it was impossible to see the face. I squeezed out the term 'death god' from my mind before shouting out,
"THAT BASTARD...!!"
I let my right leg step on the window sill and shouted back without looking,
"Asuna, I'll leave the rest to you!"
I then jumped towards the building that was separated from this place by the street.
But even with a revised level in agility, it's still reckless to jump over 5m without running. I can't use a landing, and only managed to barely use an extended right hand at the last second to grab onto the side of the roof. I then used my revised level in strength to pull up, spin in the air and land on the roof. At this moment, Asuna's anxious voice immediately came from behind.
"YOU CAN'T. KIRITO-KUN!"
I understand clearly why she wanted to stop me. If I get hit by that flying dagger, there's a chance that I'll die immediately.
However, I really can't let the criminal who finally appeared go just for the sake of my own safety.
I was the one who had said to protect Yolko's safety. However, I just thought in a very narrow manner that it'll be alright if we hid inside the inn, and never thought of what might possibly happen. If the system could offer protection, then the street —— the «inside area» should be considered a safe place. Since the enemy can PK inside the area, it's naturally possible to let the protection in the inn fail. Why didn't I think about this?
Standing on the roof far away, the black robed guy has the wind blowing hard at him, looking like he's mocking this me who's feeling remorse.
"HOLD IT RIGHT...!"
I shouted and started to run forward again before drawing the sword from my back. I can't deal any damage with my sword on the streets, but at least I can deflect the dagger he throws over.
I deliberately made sure my dashing speed didn't slow down as I continued to jump from this roof to the next one. The players walking down below might think that I'm a madman showing off my agility in a performance, but I don't have time to care about such things as I dragged the hem of my coat and continued to jump and rip through the darkness.
The assassin in the hooded robe doesn't seem like he intends to escape or attack as he just watches me close in. As both of us are just separated by 2 buildings, the assassin suddenly puts in right hand into the clutches of the robe. I immediately hold my breath and move the sword in front of me.
However...
He raises his hand out, and what he takes out isn't a throwing dagger. Under the color of the twilight, a familiar looking sapphire blue suddenly appears in front of my eyes. It's the teleport crystal——
"Damn it!"
I cursed and use my left hand to draw out three throwing picks with my left hand while dashing forward before throwing them all out at one go. Of course, I am not intending to hurt him, but hoped to use the instinctive dodging moment to slow down his chanting of the command.
What's vexing was that the enemy was abnormally calm. That person didn't seem to be in fear as he took the three throwing picks flying over at him with silver light effects before casually raising the teleport crystal.
The three throwing picks were all blocked by the purple system wall in front of the hooded robe and immediately dropped onto the roof. I thought at least I had to hear the enemy's voice as I pricked my ears. If I knew his destination, I could use the crystal to catch up.
But this plan failed as at the most critical moment, a loud sounding bell could be heard throughout the streets of Marten.
My ears —— or more accurately, the hearing field was largely occupied by the high decibel chime that indicated that it was 5 o'clock, so I couldn't hear the murderer say the command with the lowest possible volume. The blue teleport light appeared, and the pitch black hooded robe's profile vanished in front of me, who had already moved just one street away from him.
"...Ugh!"
I couldn't shout out anything at all, and I raised the sword in my right hand, continuing to move to the place that guy was standing at. The purple light scattered, and in the middle of my sights, all I could see were the words of the system, «Immortal Object».


I left the roof and switched roads to return to the inn, stopped at where Yolko disappeared on the road, and looked at the pitch black throwing dagger.
Just a few minutes ago, a female player died here. I couldn't believe this no matter what. To me, a player's death was an outcome where the player tried all sorts of hard work and all sorts of dodging counters, only for them to be not enough. Something such as a killing method that was impossible to dodge at that moment shouldn't possibly exist.
I bent down to pick up that dagger. It was small, but basically made of the same kind of metal, and felt quite heavy. The shaver-like thing blade had shark teeth-like reverse spikes on it. That's right, this is a weapon created with the same kind of ideal as the short spear that had killed Kains.
If I stabbed this thing into my body now, would my HP drop drastically? I'm really driven by this urge to experiment, but I closed my eyes tight to remove this impulse from my mind and entered the inn.
I walked up to the second level, knocked on the door and said my name. KACHINK, the system's lock rang emptily as the door opened.
Asuna had already drawn her rapier. Once she saw that it was me, she gave a complicated agitated yet relieved look as she kept her volume down to the minimum to shout at me,
"IDIOT! DON'T BE SO RECKLESS!"
Fuu. She sighed out long and kept her volume down further before continuing.
"...Then...what about that?"
I slightly shook my head.
"I couldn't catch him. He used teleport to get away. I couldn't even tell whether it was a guy or a girl whether it's from face or voice. Well...if it's Grimlock, I guess it's a guy..."
It's impossible for people of the same gender to get married in SAO. If the leader of Golden Apple was a female, Grimlock, who's married to her, would naturally be a guy. And if this is something I had to think hard about, it's really useless. In fact, about 80 percent of SAO players are male.
As for these words that weren't very meaningful in the first place——
Cringing his large body on the sofa as tightly as possible, Schmitt inadvertently made a response as he let out a metallic sound. Kachank kachank.
"...That's not right."
"Not right...what's not right?"
Schmitt didn't look at Asuna, but lowered his head even further and groaned,
"It's not him. That person...the black robe standing on the roof isn't Grimlock. Grim is a lot taller, and...and..."
Asuna and I held our breaths in anticipation of the words he was about to say next.
"That hooded robe is something that belongs to the leader of the GA. She would normally dress up in such a concealing manner whenever she walks down the streets. That's right...she was wearing that when she went to sell the ring! That person...that person just now was her. She came to take revenge on all the members here. That's the leader's ghost."
Haha, hahaha. Suddenly, a laugh caused me to look away from the dagger.
"If it's a ghost, everything is possible then, and PK inside the area will be a piece of cake. We might as well get the leader to beat the last boss in SAO. If there's no HP right at the beginning, it's impossible for her to die anyway.
Haha, hahaha. Schmitt continued to let out such a hysterical laugh. I threw the black dagger in my hand onto the table in front of him.
GONK! A deep sound rang out, seemingly snapping the switch in Schmitt as the laughter stopped. He stared at this jagged blade that was giving off a vicious presence for a few seconds——
"Hii..."
The muscular guy flung his upper body back, and I kept my volume down and said,
"It's not a ghost. This dagger really exists. It's just a program code written into the SAO server. It's the same as the short spear you put inside the storage. If you don't believe it, you can take this dagger and check on it however you want."
"No, no thanks! You can have the spear back, too!"
Schmitt shouted, opened his menu window, mispressed with his trembling fingers a few times before finally materializing the black short spear. The weapon that appeared in the window seemed like it was tossed aside as it landed beside the dagger.
The giant cuddled his head again, and Asuna said to him in a gentle voice,
"...Schmitt-san, I also feel that it wasn't a ghost. That's because if Aincrad has ghosts, it won't be just the ghost of the Golden Apple leader. The 3,500 people who died up till now will all be unhappy. Am I right?"
That's the case, and I feel this way, too. Even if it's me, I had the confidence that if I died here, I'd feel really unhappy and materialize as a ghost. I believe that only the leader of the KoB would be the kind of person who'd accept this fate and become a Buddha.
However, Schmitt continued to keep his head down as he swayed.
"You...don't know her. That person...Griselda is extremely fierce and always determined...however, she's also extremely strict to injustice and craftiness. She might be a lot fiercer than you, Asuna-san. That's why, if someone set a trap and killed her...Griselda would definitely not forgive them, even if she had to become a ghost to deal judgment to that person..."
Outside this locked window, which Asuna probably locked, the sun was about to set. The street lights that were lit at several points should be the places where the players found lodging and caused the streets to buzz. But unbelievably, the noise seemed to avoid this room.
I took a deep breath and broke the silence that covered the entire room.
"...If you believe that's the case, fine, but I definitely won't. These two 'inside area murder incidents' definitely have some form of system logic. I'll definitely find it and prove it to you...and you're to follow our agreement and help us."
"Hel...help?"
"Didn't you say that you are going to tell us the shop Grimlock often went to? Right now, this is the only clue we have. If we watch him for several days, we'll definitely find him."
To be honest, even if we found that Grimlock who had created that black short spear and probably the dagger beside it, I had no idea what to do next. We're not the 'army', and we couldn't possibly lock him up.
However, those words Yolko said before she was killed —— 'that person took revenge on us who can't give up on our desires, and he has the right to take revenge for the guild leader'. If it's just like what Yolko said, Grimlock may have wanted to take revenge on everyone who was against selling the ring, or probably even wanted to take revenge on all the members. And the motive would be the strong feelings of a husband to the deceased leader.
Then, if we could meet and talk seriously, there might be a change. Right now, we could only bet on such a possibility.
On hearing my words, Schmitt lowered his head, but soon got up heavily from the chair. He walked to the writing table beside the wall, took the parchment and the feather pen that was already prepared before writing the name and location of the shop.
I looked at the back profile and suddenly thought of something. I then asked,
"Ah, also, please write down the names of all the members in the original Golden Apple guild. I'll go over to the «Monument of Life» to check the survivors later."
The giant nodded silently again and continued writing for a few seconds.
Soon after that, he took up the written piece of parchment with one hand and handed it to me, saying,
"...It's embarrassing as a player of a clearing group, but...I don't have the mood to go out for now. Please remove me from the boss conquest parties, too, and..."
The will that was once in him has completely disappeared as what was left was a blank expression. The spear user who was a part of the Divine Dragons Alliance leadership said softly,
"...Next, please send me back to the DDA headquarters."
Neither Asuna nor I could mock Schmitt for such a cowardly action.
We have the terrified giant in the middle as we moved from the inn on the 57th level, through the transfer gate, and down to the main headquarters on the 56th level. Asuna and I never stopped looking around at the dark corners. If there was someone with a hood or robe that was unrelated to this appearing out of a sudden at this point, both of us might have subconsciously rushed over.
Even after going through the gates of the headquarters, Schmitt never showed a relieved look. I saw his back profile scamper into the building and sighed.
I exchanged looks with Asuna who was beside me for a while,
"...I'm really regretting...what happened to Yolko-san..."
Asuna whispered these words as she bit her lips. I answered back with a hoarse voice 'yeah'.
In truth, Yolko's death brought me several times more shock than Kains's. My mind continued to recall her falling down the window, and I continued,
"To be honest, up till now, it was like we were sailing on a boat...but we can't do that now. Even if it's for her sake, we have to solve this case —— I'm going near that restaurant to ambush. What about you, Asuna?"
On hearing my question, Asuna immediately lifted her head and answered clearly,
"Of course I'm going, too. Let's investigate the truth."
"...Is that so? Then, please guide me through."
To be honest, I really hesitated on whether I should continue to let Asuna accompany me. If we continued to get involved in this case, it wouldn't be surprising if we were targeted by Grimlock and became his next targets.
But Asuna quickly turned around to seemingly interrupt my hesitation and headed to the transfer gate. I took a deep breath of the cold night air and exhaled it out before following the chestnut-colored hair.

Part 8
The shop recorded on Schmitt's memo was a small bar located in the lower region of the main streets of the 20th floor. This shop that's hidden on the sidepath didn't give the look that there would be dishes 'that one can eat without getting sick of'.
However, the fact is that there would be lots of delicious meals in these kind of shops, and I finally managed to control my impulse to rush into the shop and order all the dishes inside. If Grimlock was that assassin in the hooded robe, he should have seen my face. If he discovered me first, he might not be coming to this shop.
Asuna and I hid in a cover nearby and watched the surroundings, and we found that there was an inn we could look into the bar in question. We immediately rushed through the gaps in the crowd, into the inn opposite the street, and rented a room on the second level.
As expected, we could clearly see what went on at the bar entrance. We kept the lights off, moved two chairs over to the window and sat next to each other to start watching.
But soon after, Asuna 'hey' frowned and called me.
"...It's good that we're serious here, but we have no idea what Grimlock looks like."
"Ahh, that's why I wanted to get Schmitt to come along right at the beginning, but it couldn't be helped when we see him like this...however, I managed to see the player under the hood who looks like Grimlock from close range. If we find a guy who's tall and muscular, we can use a duel request to invite him in, even though that might be reckless."
"Eh?"
On hearing this, Asuna widened her eyes and increased her volume.
In SAO, as long as our stares were focused on other players, there would be a green or orange information indicator—«Color Cursor». But for the players we meet for the first time, we'd only see the HP bar; the name and levels couldn't be seen.
Of course, these are all sorts of anti-crime prevention measures. For example, if someone knows of that player's name, that player may get harassing messages from people misusing the Instant Message function. If it's easy for the level to be discovered by others, the lower-level players would be treated as prey on the streets and stalked, and it would be very easy for people to be robbed or harassed or all sorts of things in weird areas.
However, it's because we couldn't see other people's names that trying to track people became a little more troublesome. If I wanted to know the name of a player I'm meeting for the first time, there was only one way, a 1vs1 duel. In other words, a duel request.
If I pressed the duel button on the menu window, used the color-cursor in choosing mode to designate the target, and my sights immediately showed a «You've requested a 1vs1 duel with someone». If I looked at it again, I'll know the proper English name of the enemy.
However, the other party's sights would immediately see that I sent a duel request from here. Thus, it's impossible for me to not reveal my name as I investigated the name of the other player, and such an act is completely rude in the first place. In that case, it's very likely that the enemy would draw his weapon to take this challenge. On hearing my words, Asuna opened her mouth, looking like she was about to say something—probably something that meant 'it's dangerous' or something.
However, Asuna quickly closes her mouth and nods seriously. She probably understands that there's no other way, and what she says next is—
"...But if you're going to talk with Grimlock-san, I'm coming along, too."
On hearing her say this, I could only force myself to swallow my words to make her stay inside this room.
I could only nod my head hesitatingly and check the time. It's 6.40pm, about the time for players to return to the street areas to have dinner as things get bustling. The bar in question looked rather normal, but the Swing-Door continued to shake freely. However, I never saw a player that was tall and muscular and looked like the hooded robe I saw.
We can only bet on this shop that has become the last clue, but there was some concern we still couldn't ignore. In the inn on the 57th floor, Schmitt muttered before that 'the black robe standing on the roof isn't Grimlock. Grim is a lot taller'–even though I doubt that this might be a mistake in judgment on Schmitt's part due to fear, but if this is the fact, such surveillance is pointless and we wouldn't be able to find him.
I'll be looking at the swing-door of this bar that has a hidden famed restaurant's atmosphere for the entire night without being able to eat...
On thinking about this, I couldn't help but press against my stomach.
Immediately after, something reached out in front of my eyes. It's something wrapped in white paper and giving off a thick aroma. I couldn't help but look at this thing, and Asuna continued to stare in the direction of the bar as she simply said, 'for you'. I instinctively asked to check.
"...For, for me?"
"Who else do you think I can give it to in this situation? Do you think I'm boasting?"
"No, it's not that. I'm wrong. I'll take it then."
I pull my neck back and quickly received the paper bag. I glanced over at Asuna and found that she continued her surveillance, skilfully materializing another similar looking item.
I happily unwrapped the paper, and found a large sand baguette inside. I stared blankly at the inside of the bread that's suitably baked and was stuffed with vegetables and roasted meat, and Asuna said with a calm voice,
"The durability value is going to run out. It'll disappear soon, so it's best that you hurry up and eat it."
"Eh, ah, okay, itadakimasu!"
I hear that it's going to vanish soon, which meant that there won't be much time to space out. The durability value of a food item is normally very low unless special ingredients are used. I have experienced having the bentos I was going to try disappear from my hands. The only method was to put it into an «Eternal Preserving Trinket» that only a master-class craftsman could make, and the food that's put inside would never disappear even when carried to the field. However, the sad thing is that this small box can only be packed with two nuts.
Thus, I quickly opened my mouth at the fastest speed possible and took a bite off the sand baguette and enjoyed that chewing feeling for the time being. The taste was simple, though a little stimulating, making me want to continue biting. The durability of the food did not affect the flavour. As long as the food existed, the taste would never change at all.
I stared at the entrance of the bar and quickly finished off this large sand baguette before letting out a sigh of satisfaction. I looked at Asuna, who was elegantly chewing beside me, and indicated my thanks before asking,
"Thanks for that. Speaking of which, when did you buy a bento? We went by the roadside stalls just now, but there was nothing so good being sold, you know?"
"Didn't I say that the durability was about to finish? It's because I thought about this that I already prepared it this morning."
"Heh...as expected of the person in charge of the KoB clearing group. I never thought of eating at all...oh yeah, which shop is this from?"
The sand baguette with the suitably baked bread with vegetables and roast meat in between was a rather high ranking dish amongst my famous shops list. During this time, I'll have this during the clearing. I thought about this as I deliberately asked, but Asuna shrugged her shoulders slightly and gave an answer I was rather surprised by.
"It's not sold."
"Eh?"
"Not sold by shops."
Why must there be silence now? Why aren't you saying anything? I tilted my head to think for a while before realizing. Since it's not bought from an NPC shop, she must have made it herself, this KoB sub-leader.
I spaced out for about 10 seconds before discovering a small crisis. Damn it, what should I say? I already felt awkward ignoring Asuna's get-up in the morning. I couldn't repeat this here now.
"Eh...erm, how to put it...eh, it's a waste to finish it like this. Oh yeah, I might as well auction it at the Algade market. Probably can earn a lot there hahaha."
GANK! Asuna used her white leather boots to kick the chair hard, causing me to straighten my back and tremble. The tense few minutes pass by, and Asuna finished her share before saying softly,
"...He didn't come here."
"Eh, u, un. Yeah. But according to Schmitt's words, it doesn't seem that he comes around every night. And if that black robed guy was Grimlock, he wouldn't feel like eating after PKing...we probably have to wait for another 2, 3 days."
After speaking quickly, I stood up to check the time again. Only 30 minutes had passed since we started watching, but I was already mentally prepared to wait for Grimlock to appear no matter how long it took, but I wonder what her excellency, the sub-leader thought.
As I thought about this and turned my eyes to her, I found that Asuna, who was leaning deeply into the back of the chair, had no intention of getting up.
...Don't tell me the words I just said was interpreted as 'we'll stay here for two, three days'? As I thought about this while my palms got sweaty, Asuna again whispered,
"I say, Kirito-kun."
"Ye...yes!"
The words that were said next were fortunately—or not, different from what I thought.
"What about you? If you were a member of the Golden Apple guild and got a super rare drop, what would you say?"
"......"
I spaced out and ponder for several seconds before saying,
"...You're right. I've always hated such trouble, which was why I've been fighting solo...in those MMO games I played before SAO, I once experienced seeing other people hiding rare drops or keeping all the profits of the sale to themselves, causing the guild to break up..."
The main motivation for MMO players, basically, is mostly to get that sense of superiority, and I can't deny that. The simplest way to get this sense of superiority is to be 'strong'; through training of the strength and using powerful rare equipment to beat monsters or other players. This feeling of exhilaration as a player, to put it radically, can only be experienced in net-games. Right now, the reason why I will continue to train hard for long periods is undoubtedly to be called a member of the 'clearing group' and get respected by others.
If I'm in a certain guild, and during a party play, we get a very outstanding piece of equipment—and if there's someone suited to equip such a thing in the guild.
Will I say something like 'You should have this'?
"...Probably not."
I whispered this out and shook my head.
"I won't say to my allies that I want it, but I am not a saint who'll smile and hand it over to the other players. That's why...if I'm a member of the Golden Apple, I'll agree with auctioning it out. What about you, Asuna?"
I asked, and Asuna immediately answered without hesitation,
"It'll belong to the one who beat it."
"Heh?"
"For us in KoB, we follow such a rule. Any item that's randomly dropped in a party play would belong to that lucky person who picked it. SAO doesn't have a Combat Log process, so we can only declare what items we get. This is the only method to avoid the hassle to having to hide things, and also..."
At this moment, she paused. She's still looking at the entrance of the inn, but Asuna's expression wasn't that stern anymore.
"...It's because of this kind of system that the responsibility of 'marriage' in this world is so big. Once married, both people's item storage will be linked together, right? In that case, what treasure that can be easily hidden can't be hidden once married. On the other hand, if someone once hid a rare item he picked up, he can't get married to a member of his own guild. The «Storage Link» is actually a rather pragmatic system, but I feel it's rather romantic."
That tone of hers really has a sense of longing. I couldn't help but blink a few times. Then I don't know why I even got excited all of a sudden as I said in an excited voice without thinking much,
"Is, is that so. I see. The, then, if I party with you next time, Asuna, I definitely won't hide any drops I get."
GATAN! With that sound, Asuna immediately fell back together with the chair.
As the room was not lit, I can't see her face, but I can see some expressions on «The Flash»'s face while under the blue and white light. She finally raised her right hand and yelled,
"Do...don't be stupid! Such a day won't happen in ten years! Ah, I, I'm talking about partying with you! I say, are, are you seriously watching? What'll happen if you lose him!"
GA—after such an outburst, Asuna suddenly turned right, even I, who hadn't looked away from the bar even during the conversation, was more or less hurt. But as I wanted to argue back 'I'm looking', I suddenly thought of something.
That ring that caused the Golden Apple to collapse; when it dropped at first, whose storage did it end up in?


Right now, this might not be important, but if the person killed the leader and took the ring away, wouldn't it be a lot simpler to hide the ring right at the beginning? In other words, the one who declared the drop is the only player who couldn't possibly be the one who killed the leader.
On thinking that I should have asked Schmitt more about this, I couldn't help but frown. Asuna and I never registered Schmitt as a friend, so we couldn't send a message to him to check with him. We can send instant messages to each other even though we're not friends if we just know each other's names, but this kind of message couldn't be sent on the same level, and the number of words I can type were rather little.
I'll just ask him the next time we meet. We're not looking into the 'ring incident' half a year ago, but the ongoing «Inside area PK». I wondered as I continued to take out the parchment Schmitt wrote to me.
I said to Asuna, who was giving an incredulous look from the side, 'don't look away from the bar for now', and checked the names of all the Golden Apple members listed on the parchment.
Griselda, Grimlock, Schmitt, Yolko, Caynz...the names were written in messy alphabets, and amongst them, 3 are no longer in this floating castle.
We can't have any more victims. We definitely must find Grimlock and find out how the inside area murders took place.
I told myself this in my heart and got ready to keep the parchment into the item storage.
But just when the small lambskin was about to change from the materialized item into a name in the system—
My stare was suddenly sucked by a point on the parchment.
"...Eh...?"
I hurriedly pulled my eyes near the lambskin, and the Detail Focus System started to take effect, causing the details on the words of the lambskin to increase.
"...Wha, what's this..."
On hearing me mutter, Asuna, who was still staring at the inn, asked something,
"What is it?"
However, I didn't have the mind to answer her question as I merely thought of the significance and the reason of this situation in front of me, and then tried to deduce the intention.
—Several seconds later.
"Ah...ahhh...!"
I shouted as I kicked the chair before getting up. The parchment in my right hand shook violently in response to the shock I got.
"I see...so that's how it is!"
I pant and shouted, and Asuna gave a doubtful, impatient and anxious voice.
"What? You discovered something!?"
"We...we..."
I squeeze my hoarse voice from my throat and closed my eyes hard.
"...We didn't see the truth. We thought we saw it, but we didn't. For the «Inside area murders»—weapons, skills, logic never existed in the first place!!"

Part 9
This is what I heard later on.

The player of the clearing group, Schmitt, who was the leader of the DDA Heavy Armor warriors «Defender» group, didn't think of sleeping nor taking off his heavy metal armor even after returning to his room in the headquarters of his own guild.
His room was located deep inside the stone pal—a fort might be more suitable—and the walls on all four sides had no windows. Actually, nobody other than the guild members could enter the guild headquarters thanks to the system, so it was rather safe for him if he stayed inside the room. Though he told himself this, he couldn't look away from the door.
Will the doorknob silently turn the moment he looks away? Will the death god in the hooded robe glide in like a shadow and unknowingly stand behind him?
The people around him thought that he was a brave tank fighter, but the biggest motivation as to why Schmitt has been fighting hard to maintain his ability amongst the top few in the clearing group was that 'he was scared of death'.
On a certain day about a year and a half ago, after this death game started, he was pondering hard in the middle of the plaza in the Starting City. No, he was bewildered. He wondered what he should do so as to not die. The best means was to stay inside the Starting City and not leave. All the main streets were protected by the «Anti-Criminal Code» absolutely, so if he stayed inside, the digitalized life—the HP bar would not drop at all.
But, Schmitt, who was a netgamer and a sportsman in real life, understood clearly that the rules would change. Could he conclude definitely that the SAO rule where the «city is the safest area» would last forever—until the game was completely cleared? What if on one day, it wouldn't be like an 'inside area' incident, and all the gates had large numbers of monsters rushing in like an avalanche? The players who never left the Starting City without even earning a single experience point would be unable to do anything other than move about in a helter-skelter manner.
That's why, in order to survive, he still had to become stronger. He also had to use safe means and must not take any risks.
Having been bothered over this for the entire day, Schmitt finally chose to 'become sturdy'.
First, he went to the weapons store and bought the strongest armor and shield he could afford and used the remaining money to buy a polearm. He then went to the north gate of the city, found a party that focused the most on safety amongst the numerous parties gathering players and joined them. The first time he went to hunt was to have ten people gather to kill the weakest monster in SAO, the small wild boar.
After that, Schmitt spent a long time to hunt in order to make up for experience and continued to increase in level. The increase in levels were obviously far less than the beaters who were gathered in small groups or fighting solo and carrying out high-risk hunting, but the insistent philosophy towards being 'sturdy' cause him to finally become a leader of the strongest guild in the clearing groups, the «Divine Dragons Alliance».
Thanks to his hard work, Schmitt now can be said to be amongst the strongest in Aincrad in terms of HP, equipment defences and the defensive skills he trained.
He believed that if he was holding the large Guard Lance with his right hand and the Tower Shield in his left hand, he would be able to hang on for 30 minutes even if three monsters of the same level as him attacked from the front. Schmitt just wondered if those people wearing leather armor that was like paper and using offensive-oriented weapons and skills for damage dealing—like a certain black solo player he met several minutes ago—were all weirdos with something wrong in their minds. In fact, amongst all the character builds, the ones with the lowest death rate are really the tanks with sturdy armor. Of course, they lacked the ability to exterminate enemies, so they had to join large parties.
Schmitt, who already had what's considered the «Strongest Defense», could finally shake off the 'fear of death' that had been affecting him. That should be the case.
However—
Right now, there was a killer who could nullify large HP, armor abilities, defensive skills and all sorts of protection the system could provide. Also, this guy was targeting him.
A ghost—of course, he never actually believed that it was a ghost.
No, he couldn't affirm that now. Right now, even the absolute law of the «Anti-Criminal Code» was being bypassed like a black mist by that death god, who used a small short spear and a dagger to take away the lives of others. Wasn't that the electronic ghost created by 'that woman' when she was killed and sent her grudge through the Nerve Gear?
If that's the case, no matter how strong the fort's walls were, how heavy the locks were, or how impenetrable the headquarters of the guild was, none of them would have any effect.
That person will definitely come. She will definitely come over while I'm sleeping and kill me. She'll use the third jagged weapon to stab me and take my life.
Schmitt sat on the bed, using the silver gauntlets to cover his head and pondered.
To escape from her revenge, there was only one path left.
He had to beg for forgiveness. He had to kneel on the ground with his forehead touching the ground to beg for forgiveness and let its vengefulness disperse. He had to personally admit his guilt—half a year ago, he had tried to get stronger. No, he tried to get sturdier, and tried to get into a stronger guild, but made a single mistake—and really regretted it. If he did this, even if the other person was really a ghost, it will forgive me. I was just possessed at that moment. I was captivated by the words of that person and committed such a small crime—no, it can't be considered a crime, just a little rudeness. I didn't expect such a tragedy to occur.
Schmitt swayed slightly and stood up, opened the storage, took out one of the teleport crystals, that were as many as the hills which he would use in emergencies, and materialized it into an object. He clenched it with his right hand in a weak manner, took a deep breath and whispers in a hoarse voice.
"Transfer...«Ralback»"
His sights were covered by the blue light, and the moment the lights became thin, he was already standing in the midst of the night.
It's past 22:00, and this was a cleared level. There didn't seem to be any other players at the transfer gate plaza of the 19th floor. The surrounding shops all had their shutters pulled down, and there were no NPCs walking outside at all. There was a feeling that he wasn't inside the area, but standing inside the field.
Until half a year ago, the «Golden Apple» was still at a corner of this village, and had a small little guild home here. What should be a very familiar scene here made Schmitt feel like the entire village was resisting him.
The body under the thick armor trembled, and Schmitt continued to walk out of the village, letting his legs, that seemed to be too tired, move forward.
His destination was a small hill that was a 20 minute walk from the main streets. Of course, it would be 'outside the area', and the Anti-Criminal Code wouldn't be in effect. However, Schmitt had a huge reason to go there. He had to go there to let that black-robed death god forgive him. There was no other way.
Schmitt looked like he was dragging his feet as he climbed up the hill, and looked far away at the things that seemed to be standing under the shrubs, and his body trembled intensely.
It was a stone-made tombstone, eroded by wind and covered with moss, the grave of the «Golden Apple», the dead swordswoman Griselda. The moonlight that seemed to be basking down from somewhere imprinted the cross-shaped sign onto the ground. The night wind that would occasionally blow by from time to time blew into the wilted wood, letting out a rustling cry.
The trees and the tombstone here should be just an ordinary landmark, and it was a scenery-like decoration the designer had casually set up. However, several days after Griselda was killed, and when the Golden Apple had been disbanded, the remaining seven people decided to use this place as her tomb and buried her long sword here—or more accurately, put it at the bottom of the tombstone and let its durability decrease such that it would disappear naturally.
That was why the tombstone didn't have an inscription on it. But if he wanted to confess his sins to Griselda, this would be the only place.
Schmitt wordlessly knelt down, almost rolling as he crawled in front of the tomb.
He put his forehead on the ground that was mixed with sand, his teeth grit a few times before he could finally open his open it with all he had, saying in an unexpectedly clear voice,
"I'm sorry...it's my fault...forgive me, Griselda! I...I, didn't expect things to end up like this...I had never thought of killing you!!"

『Really...?』

A voice could be heard with a strange echo. It sounded like a woman's voice from the ground.
Trying his best not to let his consciousness waver, Schmitt timidly looked up.
Deep inside the shadows of the twisted tree branches, there was a black-clothed shadow that appeared silently. It was covered in a pitch black hooded robe, its sleeves down, and it was impossible to see what was inside the hood in the darkness.
However, Schmitt felt a sharp stare coming from there and used both hands to cup his mouth that was about to let out a cry tightly before hurriedly nodding a few times.
"It...it's true. I didn't know anything! I just...just followed orders, just...a little thing..."

『What did you do...? What did you do to me, Schmitt...?』

Slowly, Schmitt used his widened eyes to look at a thin and long black line that reached out from the right sleeve of the robe.
It was a sword, but extremely fine. It was a one-handed sword almost no one used, the close-ranged piercing-type weapon «Estoc». The blade that looked like a large needle had lots of spikes that were rounded in a spiral shape.
The third «Spiked weapon».
Hiiii!! The soft whimper came from deep within his throat. Schmitt put his forehead down onto the ground for the umpteenth time.
"I...I just...on the day we had decided to sell the ring, I found a memo and a crystal in my belt pouch...and there was an instruction......"

『Who was it, Schmitt?』

This time, it was a man's voice.
『Whose instruction was it...?』
The stiff neck cringed again, and Schmitt just looked frozen.
He tried forcefully to lift that metal-like heavy head and glanced over. The second death god appeared near the shadows of the trees. He had the same design on him, wearing a black hooded robe, but was just slightly taller than the first one.
"...Grimlock...?"
Lowering his head slightly, Schmitt whimpers with what was barely a voice.
"You're...you're dead too......?"
The death god didn't answer, but wordlessly stepped forward. From under the hood, an ominous and distorted voice could be heard.
『Who...who instigated you...?』
"I...I DON'T KNOW! IT'S TRUE!!"
Schmitt frantically shouted out.
"THE MEMO...THE MEMO JUST WROTE THAT I WAS TO FOLLOW THE LEADER...THAT WHEN SHE MOVED INTO THE INN AND WENT OUT OF HER ROOM TO EAT, I WAS TO SECRETLY PUT THE TRANSFER CRYSTAL AT A SPOT INSIDE HER ROOM AND, AND PUT THE CRYSTAL INTO THE GUILD STORAGE. THAT, THAT'S ALL THAT WAS WRITTEN...I, I ONLY DID THIS! I DIDN'T TOUCH GRISELDA AT ALL! THA...THAT PERSON ACTUALLY STOLE THE RING AND KILLED HER...I, I DIDN'T THINK THIS WOULD HAPPEN AT ALL!"
Just when Schmitt was defending himself, the two death gods remained unmoved. The night wind blew by, causing the wilted plants and robes to sway.
The fear continued to rise up in Schmitt's mind as he approached his limit, and immediately, he recalled.
On that day half a year ago, he took out the parchment from his belt pouch, and the moment he saw it, he felt that it was really reckless and was shocked by it, and yet amazed by such an ingenious method.
The room in the inn would normally be locked, but aside from the time for sleeping, anyone who was designated as a friend or a guild member could open it. He could use this point to set the transfer crystal inside the room and enter while the owner of the room was sleeping. He just needed to use the trade function to move the hand of the other party to drag the ring and press the confirm button.
There was a risk that the person would be accidentally discovered, but Schmitt's instincts told him that this was the only way to steal an item inside the area. The last part of the memo noted that the reward would be half of the money earned from the sale of the ring. If he was successful, he could get 4 times the reward, but if he failed—if the leader woke up during the trade and saw the face, she would only see the one who gave him the memo, the criminal in this ring incident. Even if that guy wanted to drag him down later, he just had to insist that he didn't know. He was to enter the room and set up the transfer target over there, so there wouldn't be any evidence.
Schmitt was at a loss, but this loss meant that he betrayed the guild and the leader, all just to enter the clearing group immediately. Of course, if this could help with them clearing the game, it would help the leader out in the end. Schmitt thought of this to justify his actions and followed the instructions on the memo.
The next night, Schmitt learnt that the leader was killed. A day later, he found that there was a bag with a deposit on his bed.
"I...was, really scared! If I told everyone else about the memo, everyone would eye me...so, that is why, I had no idea who wrote the memo at all!! Please, please forgive me, Griselda, Grimlock. I, I really never thought of becoming a killer's accomplice. Please believe me, please...!"
Schmitt continued to press his head against the ground, letting out a sharp whimper.
A sudden gust of night wind blew by as the tree branches rustled.
The moment the sounds subsided, the ominous echoes up till now vanished like a lie, and the woman's voice without the ominous echo rang silently.
"I recorded it all, Schmitt."
He heard this—a voice that he had just heard recently. Schmitt timidly lifted his face and widened his eyes in shock.
She removed her pitch black hood, and what appeared inside was the face of the victim who was definitely killed by the robed death god several hours ago. The dark purple wavy hair swayed with the wind.
"...Yolko...?"
Schmitt asked with a voice so soft that it could barely be considered a voice, and looked at the death god beside Yolko who also revealed his true identity. He was about to pass out as he whispered,
"...Caynz."

Part 10
"They, they're still alive, that means...!?"
Asuna was shocked as she cried out, and I slowly nodded my head.
"Un, they're still alive. Both Yolko-san and Kains-shi."
"Bu, but then...but."
Asuna continued to pant a few times and clasp the hands at her knees together before arguing back with a hoarse tone.
"But...didn't we see it yesterday. Kains-san's...death when he was pierced by the black spear and left to hang at the window."
"No."
I shake my head violently.
"What we saw was Kains-shi's avatar and lots of polygons scattered all over the place to make it look like he disappeared from the scene.
"So, so that means, this isn't 'death' in this world?"
"...Do you still remember? Yesterday, Kains-shi, who was dangling at the window of the church was always staring at a spot in the sky."
I point my right index finger in front of me and said. Asuna nodded her head slightly.
"That's the HP bar, right? He was looking at the continuous pierce damage whittle down his HP bit by bit..."
"That's what I thought, too, but this wasn't the case. He wasn't looking at the HP bar, but the durability of the full-plate armor he was equipped with."
"Du, durability?"
"Un, this morning, when I was experimenting with the continuous pierce damage inside the area, didn't I take off the glove on my left hand? Inside the area, the HP won't drop no matter what the player does, but the durability will drop...it's like the sand baguettes we just ate. Of course, the durability of equipment won't drop naturally like food, but that's if they're not damaged. Listen up. That time, when Kains' armor was pierced through, what the spear wore out wasn't his HP, but the durability of the armor."
On hearing this, Asuna, who had been frowning till now, widened her eyes.
"The, then...it was Kains-san's armor that shattered..."
"That's right. It's the armor he was wearing. I already felt that it was weird why he wore such thick armor even though they were just having a meal...that was worn to make him look obvious when he exploded into polygons. The moment the armor was destroyed, Kains-shi..."
"Use the crystal to teleport away."
Asuna closed her eyes to recall that image in her mind, and said.
"...This resulted in a 'phenomenon where a blue light is given as polygons are shattered and scattered, indicating that the player died'...in other words, it looks like a death effect, but in fact, it was completely different."
"Un, Kains-shi probably took the spear outside the area and stabbed it into him with the armor, used the teleport crystal to move back to the second level of the church, hang himself with the rope and wait till the armor's about to be destroyed before jumping off and teleporting away while the armor was wrecked...something like that..."
Asuna nodded slowly yet forcefully, closed her eyes and heaved out a few words.
"...Then, Yolko-san's 'disappearance' is the same trick, too...right......so they're still alive..."
Asuna never let out her voice as she merely moved her lips, muttering 'thank goodness', but again bit her lips.
"Bu, but, she was definitely wearing thick armor, but when did the throwing dagger stab her? If it is inside the area, it should probably be blocked by the code, and it would be impossible for it to hit her.
"It was already on her right from the beginning."
I immediately answered.
"Think about it carefully. When Schmitt, you and I entered the room, she never let us see her back. On receiving our message that we were going to visit her, she first ran outside to stab the dagger into her back before returning to the inn. With that hairstyle of hers, if she just sat down properly on the sofa, she would be able to hide the very small dagger handle completely, take note of the durability of the clothing, talk to us, see that the timing was about there, retreat to the window, use the foot to kick the wall or something to create a sound, turn her back against us, and make it look like the dagger was stabbed into her at that moment."
"So she fell out of the window...to prevent us from hearing the command of the transfer...in that case, that black robe you had chased after, Kirito-kun, that was..."
"There's a very likely chance that it wasn't Grimlock, but Kains."
I made this conclusion, and Asuna looked up at the sky before heaving a short sigh.
She frowned as she moved towards me.
"Didn't we head to the Black Iron Palace yesterday to check the «Monument of Life»? Kains-san's death was clearly crossed out, the time of death was the same, and the cause of death was also 'Continuous Pierce Damage'."
"Do you remember the spelling of that Kains-san?"
"Erm...I remember it was K, a, i, n, s, like that."
"Un, Yolko-san told that to us and we naturally believed it. But...look at this."
I handed the parchment that became the clue to solving this case over to Asuna. Several hours ago, Schmitt wrote down the list of members of «Golden Apple». Asuna reached out to take it, looked at the parchment for a bit and shouted out "EHHH!!?"
"«Caynz»....!? Is this the way Caynz-san's name was written!?"
"It would be understandable if it was just one character, but if 3 characters were wrong, it probably isn't Schmitt's memory at fault, but Yolko-san gave us the wrong spelling. She started with K to log Kains-san's death and mistake him for Caynz-san, who starts with C."
"Eh...that, that means..."
Asuna's expression stiffened, and her tone hush down.
"At that time...we witnessed C Caynz-san's fake death, and that K Kains-san died under the continuous piercing damage at some place in Aincrad? It's probably...not a coincidence, is it...? Don't tell me..."
"No no."
I smiled slightly and waved my right hand hard.
"It wasn't that Yolko was the accomplice and killed K at that moment. Listen up. The death records on the Monument of Life indicated that it was the 'Month of Sakura, day 22, 18:27'...and in Aincrad. It was the second time that the month of Sakura, 22nd April happened."
"Ah..."
Asuna couldn't say anything at that moment, and could only give a weak smile.
"...So it was like that. I didn't consider this at all. Last year, on the same day and the same time, that Kains-san died without being involved in this case..."
"Yeah. Most likely, this was the start of the plan."
I took a deep breath again, clearing my thoughts in my mind as I continued to say,
"...Yolko-san and Caynz-shi probably knew early on that this Kains who had a similar sounding name but different spelling died last year in April. At first, it was probably just random talk, but they probably realized later on that they could use this coincidence to fake Caynz-shi's death, and not in a normal death in battle against a monster...but a frightening method to enact an 'inside area murder'."
"...It's true that I was fooled just like you. The same time of death as someone else who had a similarly sounding name, destroying the inside area installation through continuous piercing damage, and a transfer crystal...with these three things, they could let the inside area PK look just like the real thing...and the aim for this doing is...."
Asuna whispered softly.
"To force the culprit of the 'ring incident' to appear and let him be suspected as the culprit. Yolko-san and Caynz-san acted this murder incident out to create a fake 'avenger', a death god that could ignore the Anti-Criminal code and carry out PK inside the area...and in the end, the one driven by this fear was..."
"Schmitt."
I nodded and used my fingers to touch my chin.
"He probably just doubted at the beginning...Schmitt went from the middle level «Golden Apple» guild, and managed to join the largest clearing guild, the «Divine Dragons Alliance». That would really be a unique situation. Without leveling up quickly or changing equipment quickly...it should be impossible."
"The conditions to join the DDA are already very strict...then, was he the culprit in this ring incident...? Did he kill Griselda and take the ring...?"
Asuna, who had seen Schmitt many times as an advisor in the clearing group strategic meetings, looked rather nervous and stared at me.
My mind immediately thought of the profile of that spear-user, and I shook my head slowly.
"...I can't tell. There's information to provide suspicion...but as to whether that guy has the presence of a «red»..."
The killers in SAO, called red players, would more or less have a strange presence around them, but this was to be expected. That is because those players who killed other players in this word are basically preventing this game from being cleared. To put it a little more drastically, red players are people who have the thinking that 'it doesn't matter whether we get out of here or not' —— or more radically, they hope for 'this death game to continue'.
Such a negative tone would definitely appear in terms of words. However, I couldn't detect any madness of a 'red' from Schmitt, who was thoroughly scared of the black-clothed death god and requested us to escort him back to his headquarters.
"...I can't tell, but he's definitely involved in that, and that can explain things thoroughly..."
On hearing me say that, Asuna nodded in agreement, leaning against the back of one of two chairs that were lined at the window. She seemed to forget looking at the bar opposite as she looked up into the sky above the streets.
"...No matter what, Schmitt is forced into a tight spot now. He believes that there's someone after him for revenge, and feels that the area...no, even the headquarters of the guild isn't safe. Then...what will he do next?"
"If there was an accomplice, he will probably contact that person. Yolko-san and Caynz-shi were probably waiting for that. But if Schmitt doesn't know where the accomplice is, un —— if it's me..."
What would I do? If I killed a player out of greed and hatred and felt absolutely remorseful about it, what would I do?
Up till now, I haven't taken the life of any player in this world, but there were friends of mine who died because of me, because of my foolishness and ugly ego that caused everyone in my guild other than me to die, and I had always regretted that. I used a tree that grew from the garden of a certain inn which we used as a home as their grave. It's not really considered asking for redemption, but I would often bring wine and flowers over. So, Schmitt probably——
"...If Griselda-san has a grave, he will definitely go there to beg for forgiveness."
Asuna seemed to detect the change in my tone as she looked up from the chair at me and smiled in a steady manner.
"That's right. I will do that, too. At the headquarters of the KoB, there are graves for the people who died in boss battles —— that's right, maybe, Yolko-san and Caynz-san will definitely be there...at Griselda-san's grave, waiting for Schmitt-san to appear..."
Silence came suddenly, and her expression became gloomy.
"...? What is it?"
"Uun...it's just that I thought of this. What if Griselda-san's grave is outside the area? If Schmitt-san goes there...will Yolko-san and Caynz-san forgive him just like that? I don't think it's actually possible, but maybe they might really carry out revenge...?"
This unexpected theory caused my back to tense up.
I can't say that it's impossible. Yolko and Caynz spent so much effort trying to act out the 'inside the area murders', so they should have some level of hatred to the culprit in the ring incident. They should have at least used up two teleport crystals. Considering their levels, this should be a rather large expense. They had gone through so much, so would they only be satisfied with getting a confession...?"
"Ah...no...actually...?"
I shook my head after noticing something.
"No, they won't. Those two would definitely never kill Schmitt?"
"How can you deduce this?"
"You still have Yolko-san's name registered in your friend list, right, Asuna? You didn't see a message indicating that she had removed the friend registration at all, did you?"
"Ahh...speaking of which, that's true. I believed that it would have been removed automatically after the second murder incident in the inn, but if she's still alive, we should still be in contact with each other.
Asuna moved her left hand to summon the window, and after operating quickly, nodded back in affirmation.
"It is still registered. If I had realized this, we could have realized a trick going on with this case...but in that case, why did Yolko-san accept the friend request? We could have seen through the entire plan from here."
"Most likely..."
I closed my eyes, and this time, what was ingrained in my mind was a female profile with deep purple wavy hair.
"...It's atonement for lying to us and proof that she trusted us. Even if we noticed the record on the friend list and found out that she's still alive, we could deduce their true intent and not prevent them from baiting Schmitt. Asuna, try tracking Yolko-san's position."
I open my eyes as I said that. Asuna nodded and again hit the window.
"...Right now, she's in the field on the 19th floor, a hill slightly away from the main streets...what's over there is..."
"The grave of the Golden Apple leader, Griselda. Caynz and Schmitt should be there, too. If Schmitt dies there, we can tell that they killed him, so they probably won't do so."
"The...then what about the other way around? Will Schmitt kill both of them to shut them up after finding out his role in the ring incident...?"
Asuna asked in a worried manner. I pondered for a while and still shook my head.
"No...we'll find that out, too. Besides, that person can't accept being a criminal, no, a killer, and get released by the clearing group, so I guess we don't have to worry about them killing each other...just leave it to them. Our role in this incident is over. We were had by Yolko-san this time, but...I don't hate them for this."
On hearing this, Asuna pondered for a while, and then gave me an affirmative smile.

However, Asuna and I didn't even see half the truth in this incident.
This incident still wasn't over yet.

Part 11
Let's continue on with what I had heard later on.

Schmitt was so shocked that he couldn't breathe, looking back and forth at the two players' faces under their death god's robes.
The true identities of what he had thought to be Griselda and Grimlock were unexpectedly Yolko and Caynz. However, these two should be dead. He had only heard that Caynz was dead, but as for Yolko —— just several hours ago, he witnessed her death personally —— she was stabbed by the black dagger from outside the window, fell onto the streets and her avatar exploded into polygons.
They're ghosts? Schmitt nearly passed out, but the words Yolko said before she showed her face barely managed to keep Schmitt conscious.
"Re...recording...?"
The hoarse voice was barely squeezed out from his throat as Yolko pulled her hand out from her robe to show Schmitt, revealing an eight-sided pillar shaped crystal that gave off a light green glow; a recording crystal.
Ghosts probably didn't use items to record voices.
In that case, Yolko and Caynz's deaths were all a pretense. He couldn't imagine how they did it, but both of them acted out their own 'deaths' to create an avenger that didn't exist in the first place, and forced the 3rd person into a dead end for the sake of vengeance. They recorded the confession of the 3rd person admitting his guilt and asking for forgiveness, all —— as part of a plan to unravel what happened in a murder incident in the past.
"...So...that's how it is..."
Schmitt finally realized the truth, muttered weakly in a voice that was barely audible, and immediately collapsed.
He wasn't enraged that he was fooled so thoroughly, nor that the evidence was taken from him, but amazed by Yolko and Caynz's persistence —— their admiration of Griselda.
"You two...really respect leader..."
Caynz quietly answered in his weak voice.
"Aren't you the same?"
"Eh...?"
"Aren't you the same, like us? You never hated the leader at all, did you? No matter how much you desired the ring, you wouldn't develop any malice towards her, am I right?"
"Of...of course I didn't. Really, trust me."
Schmitt's face twisted as he continued nodding.
In terms of battle ability, even if both of them teamed up on him, they were probably not stronger than him. However, Schmitt didn't think of immediately drawing his weapon to shut them both up. First, if he fell as a red player, he wouldn't be able to continue staying in the guild and the clearing group. And more importantly, if he killed Yolko and Caynz here, Schmitt was very certain that he could never revert to his normal self.
That's why Schmitt continued to repeat the mistake he made in the past even when the recording crystal was active.
"What I did...was that I sneaked into the leader's room and set the portal. And because of this...I used the money I earned from this to buy some high-level weapons and armor, so I cleared the requirements to enter DDA..."
"It is true that you didn't know who wrote the memo, right?'
Yolko asked sternly, and Schmitt nodded hard again.
"I, I still don't know who it was. Amongst the 8 of us, if you minus me off, you two, leader and Grimlock, there should be 3 people left...but I never contacted them after that...don't you have any clue?"
In face of Schmitt's question, Yolko could only shake her head gently.
"The three of them joined a middle-ranked guild that was similar to the «Golden Apple» after it was disbanded and lived ordinary lives. None of them bought any rare equipment or player homes. You were the only one who stepped up so quickly, Schmitt."
"......I see..."
Schmitt said, and lowered his head.
When Griselda died, the leather bag that was sent to his room had an unbelievably large sum of money. At that point, he could buy all of the high ability equipment that he could only water his mouth at.
If the person didn't spend that kind of money and put it inside the storage, that person had an iron heart. No, before this——
Schmitt looked up and immediately forgot the circumstances he was in and said the doubt that grew within him.
"...Bu, but, won't this be too weird...if the person didn't need that money, then why did he kill the leader and steal the ring...?"
Yolko and Caynz heard this unexpected question, and their upper body tilted back slightly.
In Aincrad, there was no benefit in putting money earned inside their storage. The value of 1 col was based on the drop rate maintained by the Cardinal System, kept constant at all times, which meant that inflation or depreciation would never happen. Even if players did buy high priced swords and armor, as long as they maintained the equipment properly, they could earn back about the same amount of money on a day they didn't need it. Therefore it was pointless not to use the money. In other words——
"The one...who sent the memo was..."
Schmitt continued to think hard and was about to say a deduction that vaguely appeared in his mind.
However, as he was too focused, it was too late when he noticed 'that'.
"SCH...!!"
Just when Yolko in front of him shouted, a small dagger was stabbed into his neck from behind him, right at the gap between the breastplate and the throat plate. It was the skill combo of «Armor Pierce» that a small stab weapon used, and the «Sneaking» skill that was used on non-metallic armor——
After a moment of shock, Schmitt quickly turned back with the response ability he had trained from the frontlines. Even if his throat was stabbed open, he wouldn't die immediately. It was a fatal point, and the damage would be great, but it would still be far less compared to Schmitt's vast HP amount.
However,
Just when he was about to turn around, Schmitt's feet lost their senses, and he collapsed onto the ground with a clank. His HP bar was surrounded by a green flash. It indicated the state of paralysis. As a tank, his anti-poison skill should have increased by quite a bit, but this was a rather high level poison that could negate resistance. Who was——
"One, down."
The boyish innocent voice came from above Schmitt, and he hurriedly looked up.
First, he saw a black leather boot with what looked like a sharp thumbtack. The person also had black tight-fitting leather pants, and the leather armor on him was black too. His right hand was holding onto a long and thin knife that was dipped in green, while his left hand was in his pocket.
The head had a mask that looked like a 'sack', leaving only circular holes at the eyes. Realizing that there was a sticky stare at him, Schmitt's sights showed the cursor of the player. It wasn't a normal green color, but a bright orange color.
"Ah...!"
Schmitt heard a soft cry and turned around to see a small-sized player holding a really thin sword and threatening Yolko and Caynz. He was dressed completely in black too, but the clothing wasn't made of leather. It was a piece of ragged clothing that reached from top to bottom. His face had a mask that looked like a skull, and the dark eyeholes look like they were giving off glowing red eyes. The right hand was holding what was most likely the same kind of Estoc that Yolko was holding, but the bronze that was giving off a bloody color explained its overwhelming nature. The cursor was orange as well.
The guy with the skull mask took the black Estoc easily from the dazed Yolko's right hand. He glanced at the blade and let out a voice that seemed to have static in it.
"The design is, not too bad. Let's, add, it, to my, collection."
Schmitt knew of these two people. He had never met them directly before, but amongst the bulletin circulated through the guild headquarters, the top most player had a sketch of them amongst the list of the players that they were supposed to be wary of.
In a certain sense, they were the biggest enemy of the clearing group, bigger than the boss monsters, the red players. They were the male players in the largest savage guild who were the executives. The poisoned dagger user who paralyzed Schmitt was «Johnny Black», and the Estoc user who held down Yolko and Caynz was «Red-Eyed XaXa».
In that case, don't tell me —— 'that guy' took part too?
You're lying! Don't! This isn't the time for jokes!
As if betraying the cries inside Schmitt's heart, JARI JARI, the sound of footsteps could be heard.
Schmitt tentatively looked behind and stared over with his widened eyes. He could feel the figure of the biggest terror in Aincrad.
The person was wearing a dull black poncho that covered him down to his knees and a hood that was attached, covering the eyes.
The person was holding a rectangular-shaped giant dagger that looked like a Chinese chopping knife and a blood-like reddish-black blade.
"......«PoH»..."
Schmitt muttered the name out from his lips and started trembling hard as if he saw terror and despair.

The killing guild «Laughing Coffin».
The guild was established half a year after the death game called SAO was created. Before this, they were orange players who just surrounded solo players or a few players with a large number of them to steal col or items, and their extremist thoughts caused them to become such a radical group.
That thought was —— «If it's a death game, killing people is a must»..
In modern Japan, 'legal killing' wasn't allowed, but in such an extreme situation, it became possible. All the players' physical bodies were all in FullDive state, which meant that they were unconscious and couldn't even move a finger. In terms of the legal implications in Japan, the designer of Nerve Gear, Akihiko Kayaba, would be the culprit as the player will be 'killed' by this death mechanism instead of decreasing the HP bar when the HP dropped to zero.
——If that's the case, just kill and enjoy the game. This is a right given to all players.
——The one who gave such a poisonous reasoning to lure and brainwash several orange players and caused them to go on a mad PK craze was the black-poncho clothed guy with the dagger, PoH.

Unlike the amusing sounding name, this tall guy giving off an icy cold stare walked towards Schmitt and simply commanded.
"Turn him over."
Johnny Black immediately reached the front tip of the foot into Schmitt's stomach and kicked him to flip him up. The black chopper-wielding guy saw Schmitt's face as he laid weakly there, and said again,


"Wow...it's true. This guy is one huge prey. Isn't this a leader-sama of the DDA?"
Even though it was a very nice sounding voice, for some reason, there was a deep weird feeling coming with it. He couldn't see the face covered by the hood, but the ample wavy black hair was dangling on the side, swaying with the night wind.
Having realized his own circumstance of despair, Schmitt continued to still think of why this was happening.
Why would the three of them appear in such a place? The top 3 of the «Laughing Coffin» were a symbol of terror, the highest class fugitive. They couldn't possibly come over here for sightseeing.
In other words, the three of them knew that Schmitt was here before attacking.
But this wouldn't be enough to explain it. He never told the people from DDA where he was going, and Yolko and Caynz couldn't possibly leak any information. The two of them were now being threatened by the Estoc of «Red-Eyed XaXa» and looking completely pale. Even if Schmitt, who was moving on his own at the 19th floor, was discovered by a Laughing Coffin member that contacted PoH, it was way too fast for them to appear.
Was there something else that caused the three of them to appear on this floor coincidentally? Was this a huge misfortune that could only happen with a one in ten thousand chance? Or, this coincidence was the revenge of the deceased Griselda...?"
PoH looked down at Schmitt, who was pondering with interrupted thoughts and lying down like a tree branch, and tilted his head slightly.
"Then...it's showtime. But even if I want to do this...how should we play?"
"Then, use that, head."
Johnny Black said with an excited tone.
"The «Kill each other and let the survivor live» game, but we might have to balance the sides with the three of them."
"Even though you say so, don't you kill off the surviving player?"
"Ah, auhh! We can't play this game if you say it out loud, head!"
On hearing this chilling conversation that lacked any tension, XaXa merely cackled while raising the Estoc.
Right now, Schmitt was overwhelmed by the realistic terror and despair, and couldn't help but close his eyes.
The metallic armor that covered his entire body was just a heavy stone when he couldn't move. They quickly stopped by to joke as if it was before a meal, baring their bloodhound-like teeth. PoH's large dagger «Mate Chopper» was a monster drop that not even the highest leveled craftsmen's best created weapons could match, and it was a «Demonic Sword». It should be able to easily pierce through the full plate armor rating on Schmitt.
——Griselda, Grimlock.
If this is your revenge on me, it can't be helped if I die here.
But, why must you implicate Yolko and Caynz? Both of them who they spent so much effort trying to nab the culprit who killed you two? Why?
Just when Schmitt's mind was occupied with thoughts of despair.
On the ground clinging behind, there was a slight vibration.
DODODO! DODODO! There was a rhythmic beat rumbling getting louder and clearer gradually. Soon, the ears were able to hear that deep rumbling.
PoH used a sharp breathing to warn his two subordinates. Johnny readied his poisoned dagger and retreated while XaXa put the Estoc closer to Yolko and Caynz's necks.
Schmitt continued to rotate the neck he couldn't move desperately, and saw a white fluorescent line coming in a straight line from the main streets.
Several seconds later, he could tell that the trembling light on the path was cold flame surrounding a pitch black horse that seemed to melt in the darkness. The horse had a pitch black rider riding it too, like a certain undead rider from hell riding down the blazing white flames in a lightning quick speed. The sound of the gallops became a rumble as it shook the ground, overlapping with the neighs of the horse.
The horse soon reached the bottom of the hill, leapt several times before reaching the top. It used its hind legs to help it stand, and the nostrils let out a burning white presence. Johnny looked like he was overwhelmed by the presence as he retreated. Then, the rider on the horse forcefully pulled the leash —— and immediately dropped down from the horse's back.
DOSK! The person fell onto the ground on the butt and grumbled 'it hurts!' in a very familiar voice.
The intruder who rubbed his waist as he stood up held onto the leash of the large black horse, stared at Schmitt, then at Yolko and Caynz before letting out a relaxed tone.
"Barely safe. The taxi fare will have to be provided by DDA."
In Aincrad, there wasn't any item that allowed for mounting. However, at a few stables run by NPCs on the streets or villages, one could go over there to rent a horse or an ox to move a large number of items the storage couldn't handle. But if someone wanted to ride, a certain level of skill would be needed and the expenses were really expensive, so almost no one used it. In this death game, they would be very few people who would have the luxury of spare time to learn horse riding——
Schmitt exhaled the air that was vented inside his chest and looked at the intruder, the face of the solo player in the clearing group, the «Black Swordsman» Kirito.
Kirito pulled the leash and turned the horse before slapping its hind. The black horse was released from rent, and the sound of it galloping away could be heard, overlapping the voice that seemed to lack courage.
"Yo, PoH. Long time no see. You're still in that strange get-up."
"...I don't want to be told that by you."
PoH's response had a killing intent that couldn't be hidden.
Johnny Black then stepped forward and obviously raised his voice.
"You bastard...! Aren't you the relaxed one!? Don't you know the situation you're in!?"
Using his left hand to stop his subordinate who was swinging the dagger, PoH raised the chopper knife in his right hand onto the shoulder from behind and tapped.
"It's just like what this guy said, Kirito. The cool entrance is good, but even you can't handle the three of us alone at the same time, right?"
Schmitt, who was still paralyzed, clenched his left hand which was the only one that he could move.
The situation was just like what PoH described. Even Kirito, who had top-notch fighting ability amongst the clearing group, couldn't possibly beat the top 3 of Laughing Coffin at the same time. Why? At least he should have brought «The Flash» along too?
"Well, it's impossible."
Kirito calmly answered with the left hand on his waist, but he quickly continued.
"But I already drank an antidote potion and brought many healing crystals, so I should be able to hang on for about 10 minutes. With this, I should be able to hang on until the reinforcements arrive. Either way, do you think the three of you can take on 30 people from the clearing group?"
PoH, who was retorted back with a line that was almost the same, clicked his tongue under the hood. Johnny and XaXa looked around at the surrounding darkness in unrest.
"...Suck."
Soon, PoH cursed and moved his right foot back.
He snapped his left finger, and his subordinates went several meters back. Yolko and Caynz were released by the red Estoc and knelt down weakly.
PoH raised the chopper in his right hand and pointed it at Kirito, growling,
"...«Black Swordsman». One of these days, I'll make you crawl on the ground while your important comrades are rolling in the tragic sea of blood. Just wait and see."
After saying that, he spun the large chopper knife on his fingers skillfully before putting it into the holster at his waist. The black leather poncho swayed, and the leader of «Laughing Coffin» turned around before jumping off the hill nonchalantly while the other two subordinates followed suit.
Johnny Black still looked like he was worried about the clearing group that was about to rush here as he quickly walked away, and the Estoc user under the ragged mantle—Red-Eyed XaXa took a few steps forward before turning back, staring at Kirito with the faint glowing eyes under the skull before whispering,
"Looks, cool there. Next time, I will ride on a horse, to hunt you down."
"...Then, please practice as much as you can. It's not as easy as it looks."
On hearing Kirito's response, XaXa let out a deep breathing sound before chasing after his allies and disappearing.

Part 12
The three shadows walked down the hill and vanished into the night. I continued to stare at the orange cursor that came with the Searching Enemy Skill effect.
I once met the leader of Laughing Coffin, PoH, and exchanged words with him, but this is the first time I've met his subordinates; the poison dagger user with the childish attitude and appearance, and the Estoc user wearing a very tattered robe. Of course, their names weren't indicated in the cursor. To play it safe, I intended to ask Schmitt their names later, but after thinking about it, we'll probably be fighting for real the next time we meet. To be honest, I really don't want to know the names of these two people when we will have to kill each other using swords.
Thus, I've watched them until the Searching Enemy Skill cursor's range could no longer detect them.
Criminal players normally couldn't enter the streets and villages that have the «Anti-Criminal Code» in them. Once they stepped inside the area, they would be attacked by a large number of NPC guards that were as strong as demons. All the transfer gates on each floor were all located in the main streets of each floor, so if those three wanted to move to another floor, they could only use a teleport crystal to move to 'a village outside the area', use a very expensive corridor crystal, or walk down the dungeon tower that were cleared to move up and down.
I guess they probably used the first method, but this alone would mean that they had to use up 6 teleport crystals going to and fro, and to those guys, this isn't a small expense. I swallowed my saliva and watch the 3 cursors disappear from my sights before subconsciously heaving a sigh of relief.
Seriously, these are guys that I didn't expect to show up at all. Those three guys actually knew that Schmitt —— a forward leader of the Divine Dragons Alliance Guild with the highest HP and defenses, would appear at this location.
However, I guess it's possible to know immediately where the source of this information came from.
I turned my sights away from the wilderness that was covered in darkness, summoned the window and quickly responded to Klein, who should be bringing more than 10 people here, with, [Laughing Coffin escaped. Wait in town].
I then take out the antidote potion from my pouch and put it in Schmitt's hand. I looked at this hulking guy drink it down with trembling hands and looked away to the other two who were slightly further away.
It couldn't be helped that I had some sarcasm in my tone to the two players who dressed up as death gods and were looking really pale now.
"Nice to meet you again, Yolko-san, and...nice to meet you for the first time, Caynz-san."
Yolko, who should have scattered into many polygons several hours ago and disappeared, looks up at me and grimaced.
"I wanted to apologize to you after everything was over...you probably wouldn't believe me even if I said so."
"Whether I believe you or not, I'll have to see what you treat me. Let me say this first. Don't give me some suspicious looking ramen or okonomiyaki."
Standing beside the dazed Yolko, the stiff looking guy takes off his black robe —— the first murder victim of this 'inside area' incident Caynz lowered his head.
"We've met for the first time —— probably not, Kirito-san. Our eyes did meet at that moment."
The words that were said in such a calm manner caused me to finally recall.
"Speaking of which, it was really like that. You died by, ah, no, you teleported away the moment your armor was destroyed, right?"
"Un, that's right. I had a premonition at that moment that you might see the truth behind this fake death."
"You've overestimated me. I was completely fooled."
This time, it's my turn to give a wry smile. The air that had finally calmed down tensed up again with the clinking of the armor on Schmitt.
"...Thank you for saving me there, Kirito...but how did you know that those three would come here?"
I looked back at the giant's face that was looking straight at me and pondered on what to say.
"It's not that I knew, but a possibility I deduced. If I had known that PoH would be the enemy, I would have run away in fear, too."
This vague answer that came out unconsciously was not without a reason, too.
What I'm going to say is probably going to bring a huge shock to the three of them —— especially Yolko and Caynz. The two of them who wrote the entire script and proceeded with the act with them as the lead didn't notice that there was a 'producer' behind this, hiding in a corner. I heaved a sigh and started to narrate with a voice as calm as possible.
"...It was just 30 minutes ago when I felt that it was weird..."

The incident ended, so I should hand things over to Yolko, Caynz and Schmitt.
On the second level of an inn that had a clear view of a certain bar on the 20th floor, I said this to Asuna and leaned my back on the chair.
They probably wouldn't start killing each other. Then, it's better of the person who started this 'ring incident' and triggered this 'inside area incident'. I noted confidently, and Asuna answered 'yeah' and nodded in agreement.
In the midst of the silence —— I suddenly felt that inside my chest, there was some really thin piercing feeling inside me.
There should be something I had to think about. There was definitely something I had to think about. But I didn't know what it was. It was that kind of anxiety.
What Asuna said just now when we were watching the bar seemed to be related to the feeling right now. I just had this thought and inadvertently said to her. "Well..."
"...What is it?"
I looked at the KoB sub-leader-sama, who sat on the chair and looked up. I used about 80 percent of my analytical ability to analyze this sense of disagreement and asked a very thoughtless question.
"Asuna, have you, gotten married before?"
The response to this question was a bone-chilling stare with killing-intent. She also stood ready to attack with a tightly clenched right fist with body leaning forward.
"JUST JOKING! FORGET ABOUT IT! IT DOESN'T COUNT!"
I hurriedly shouted as I was grabbed by the front while my hands and head were shaking frantically, and I hurriedly added on.
"It's not like that, nothing really behind this...didn't you just mention about marriage?"
"I did say so. So what?"
She continued to stare at me viciously. I started to tremble, but continued to force myself to say,
"Erm...to be specific, it's something you said...something romantic and plastic or..."
"NOBODY SAID THAT!"
In the end, Asuna nearly caused the Anti-Criminal Code to activate as she kicked my calf and corrected my memory.
"I said that it's romantic and pragmatic! I'm telling you, pragmatic means 'practical'!"
"Practical... The marriage in SAO?"
"That's right. In a certain sense, there's no room to hide as the item storage is shared."
"Storage...shared..."
That's the thing.
These words were stinging my chest, the origin of that little sharp pain.
Married players would have their item storage space unified company, and the quantity would be counted as for 2 people. While it's very convenient, it's very prone to marriage scams where rare items were stolen and the spouse ran away.
I had been wondering about this system all this time.
Overwhelmed by this overpowering anxiety, I asked again.
"Then...what happens to the storage when a couple gets divorced?"
"Eh...?"
It seemed like it was completely unexpected as Asuna widened her eyes. She tilted her head slightly and placed her fist that was about to hit me under her chin before saying,
"Erm well...I do remember there are a few options, like Auto-allocations, Item choosing or something like that...there are others, but I don't actually remember..."
"I want to know more about this. What should I do...oh yeah, Asuna, how about we try it?"
I didn't know if I could consider myself smart or lucky for not continuing.
«The Flash» let out a killing intent that was many times stronger than before, holding the scabbard of the named blade «Lambent Light» tightly in her left hand. She smiled and said,
"What do you want me to do with you?"
"...How about we...send a mail to Heathcliff and ask him?"
——Just one minute later, we got a mail in response. On it, the item storage division during a divorce was clearly stated. As expected of the man who was basically a living encyclopedia of the system.
Besides the Auto-value allocations and Item choosing Asuna mentioned just now, it seemed that there was an Auto-allocation by percentage. In other words, it even included the possibility of a divorce fee. This was a really pragmatic system.
I continued to listen to Asuna, who was reading the message, and continued to think.
Of course, these were options that can be chosen when both parties agree to a divorce. If they don't agree with the allocation, the system would not allow them to divorce. However, it's impossible for all examples of divorce in this world to be settled in such a rational manner. If it's such that one side had to divorce but the other party doesn't agree, there isn't any family arbiter or something like that in this world.
What answered this doubt was the last paragraph of words in Heathcliff's mail.
"...«On a side note, unconditional divorce can only happen if one party sets the item allocation ratio to zero percent for himself and 100 percent for the other party. In this example, once the divorce is set, any other items that can't be stored will all drop beside the user. Kirito-kun, if someone asks for an unconditional divorce out of you, I suggest you head to a single-person's room in an inn to hide for the time being»...that's what it's written."
Asuna, who finished reading the mail, gave a vague expression as she closed the window.
I subconsciously stared at that face and continued to mutter a certain part of that message.
0 for oneself, 100 for the other party. 0 for oneself...100 for the other party...
"Ahh...!"
What was a sting that felt out of place as it stung my chest suddenly became a sharp pain.
A small little prick suddenly increased in size. My heart started to turn anxiety into doubt, which then turned into surprise thanks to belief, and finally materialized into fear.
"Ah...ahhh...!!"
I shouted as I kicked the chair down, standing up and grabbing Asuna, who was in front of me, on the shoulders. «The Flash», who was so shocked that she cringed back, let out a cry that was different from before.
"Wait...what, what is it...don't tell me you thought of something here..."
I didn't have time to think about the meaning behind these words and could only let out a moaning-like voice,
"100 for oneself and 0 for the other party. There's only one way to make this form of divorce."
"...Eh...? Wha, what did you say...?"
I grabbed onto those slender shoulders tightly and pulled that petite face over to me before whispering in her ear,
"By death. The moment the marriage partner dies, the storage will revert back to its original size. Whatever items that can't be stored will drop. That means...that means..."
My trembling throat swallowed saliva, and I continued,
"...In other words, the moment the leader of the «Golden Apple» guild, Griselda, was killed by someone, the ring inside her storage wouldn't go to the criminal...it'd go to either her marriage partner, Grimlock, or materialize and drop on the ground as an object.
The hazel-colored eyes right in front of my eyes slowly blinked twice.
The doubtful expression on her face suddenly became a serious chill.
"The ring...wasn't snatched away...?"
Upon hearing this almost voiceless question, I couldn't immediately respond. I moved my hands away from Asuna and stood up, leaning my back on the window sill before whispering,
"No...it's not like that. You can still say it was taken away. Grimlock, he took away the ring that existed in his storage. He wasn't the culprit behind this illusionary 'inside area incident', but the culprit behind the 'ring incident'."
The rapier dropped down from Asuna's left hand, letting out a heavy metallic sound as it landed on the ground.

"...I was still feeling strange about this just 30 minutes ago... I say, Caynz-san, Yolko-san, those two weapons you two have...the spiked short spear and dagger, where did you get them from?"
On hearing me ask, Yolko exchanged looks with her partner, and answered,
"...To carry out our 'fake inside area PK' plan, it was necessary for us to have a continuous pierce damage type weapon. We visited many weaponsmith-sans, but couldn't find these kinds of unique weapons...if we ordered them, the weapons would have the name of the creator on it, and once someone asked the person who made the weapons, he would immediately know the ones who ordered it, us, the victims."
"In this situation, we could only contact someone who hasn't been seen since the guild got disbanded...the husband of the leader, Grimlock-san. We explained to him our plan and requested him to make the necessary piercing weapons. We didn't know where he was, but the friend list still had his name on..."
Caynz continued on with the explanation and finally mentioned this name. I gathered my concentration on my ears and paid attention.
"Grimlock-san, he didn't actually approve of this. On the message he replied us, he just wrote that he hoped that she is rested in peace. But after we continued requesting him, he finally made the two, no, three weapons for us, and the day the weapons were sent to us just happened to be 3 days before Kains-san died."
From these words, I could tell that Yolko and Caynz viewed Grimlock as the victim when his wife was murdered.
I took a long breath and forced out words from my mouth that would bring about a great shock to both of them.
"...Unfortunately, the reason why Grimlock was against your plan wasn't because of Griselda-san. The exaggeration of this 'inside area PK' would bring about a lot of attention, and may end up with somebody discovering the truth. That's because, when it's not a divorce, but death that removes the linked storage...what will happen to the things inside?"
"Eh...?"
It seemed that Yolko didn't quite understand the meaning behind this sentence as she tilted her head slightly.
It's not unreasonable though. No matter how affectionate couples were in Aincrad, it's really rare for people to take the next step that was marriage, and there would be fewer people who'd divorce. Also, it's extremely rare that the reason was because one side died. Let alone me, even Asuna believed that the ring drop definitely landed in the killer's hand the moment Griselda-san was killed.
"Listen... Griselda-san's storage also belonged to Grimlock. Even if Griselda-san was killed, it's impossible for the ring to be taken away, because the moment she died, it would be transferred over to Grimlock. Schmitt...you said you got a monetary reward for assisting in this plan, right?"
On hearing my question, the hulking figure sitting on the ground cross-legged nodded blankly.
"If he was able to prepare so much money, it seemed that the ring was really sold. The only one who could do this is Grimlock, who got the ring. He also knew that Schmitt was the accomplice in that plan, so that meant..."
"It was Grimlock...? That guy, he was the one who sent that memo...and sent Griselda out of the area and killed her?"
Schmitt groaned with a hoarse voice. I pondered for a while and denied this.
"No, he didn't do this directly. If Griselda, who was sleeping inside the inn, was moved out of the area, she may have woken up out of a sudden, and it would be troublesome if his face was seen. I guess the real murderer was a red who was requested to do this job. But even if that's the case, it still doesn't reduce the weight of Grimlock's crime..."
"..."
Schmitt didn't say anything as he merely looked up at the sky blankly.
This devastated expression appeared on Yolko and Caynz's faces as well. A few seconds later, Yolko shook her wavy dark purple hair, getting more agitated in the meantime.
"How is it possible...such a thing, you're lying! Those two were always together...Grimlock-san was always following her from behind...and also...that's right, if he was the real culprit, why did he assist us in our plan!? If he wouldn't help us, we wouldn't be able to do anything, and the 'ring incident' wouldn't see the light of day, right?"
"Did you two describe the entire plan to Grimlock?"
On hearing my sudden question, Yolko shut her mouth tightly, and gave a slight nod.
"...Then, he should have known what would happen if the plan succeeded. In other words, the final scene would be such that Schmitt, who was filled with guilt, would come over to Griselda-san's grave to confess his sins and get questioned by Yolko-san and Caynz-san. In that case, he could think of a plan to bury the 'ring incident' into complete darkness. The accomplice, Schmitt, and the ones who wanted to know the truth, Yolko-san and Caynz-san. He just needed..to shut you three up."
"...I see. So...so that's why, those three..."
I glanced at Schmitt, who looked completely confounded as he said these words, and nodded with a depressed feeling.
"That's the case. The reason why the top three of the «Laughing Coffin» appeared was because Grimlock leaked the information to them. A DDA executive-level prey is here at this place without any allies...I guessed there was a contact link the moment he requested them to kill Griselda-san."
"...How is this..."
Yolko, who lost all her strength in her knees, collapsed onto the ground, and Caynz used his right arm to support her. However, that extremely pale face of his could be clearly seen even under the moonlight.
Yolko grabbed Caynz's shoulder and asked with a very lifeless voice,
"Grimlock-san...wanted to kill us...? But...why...? And...why did he kill his spouse just to get the ring...?"
"I can't deduce the motive behind this, but he, who never left the guild base to prove his alibi during that 'ring incident', probably won't just sit back and watch. Besides, this was a chance to deal with the three of you and bury two incidents in one go. So...for the details, just ask him personally."
The moment I just said this, my ears heard two sets of footsteps coming from the west slope of the hills.
The first thing that entered my eyes was the red and white knight uniform that was still radiant looking in this night scene. Obviously, that was Asuna «The Flash», wielding a rapier with a silver blade that looked extremely clear. As far as I know, this is the thinnest and most elegant looking blade in Aincrad, and also the most savage weapon that could pierce through all sorts of defenses.
A man was walking here as well, seemingly being forced to by the sharp tip of the rapier and the sharp stare of the user.
The very tall and thin figure was wearing very long-edged leather clothing and a hat with a very large edge. The face that was hidden under the shadows had something that would reflect moonlight from time to time, probably glasses. The overall impression he gave was that he was more of a hitman in a Hong Kong movie than a craftsman. Of course, that may be because I already had a biased impression beforehand.
The colors of both their cursors are green. I was already prepared to let Asuna become an orange player to prevent that guy from running away —— of course, if that had happened, I would have definitely helped her perform whichever task was necessary to revert to her original alignment —— so after seeing this, I couldn't help but heave a sigh of relief, but I immediately tensed up again and stared at this man walking up the hill.
Under the silver-framed spectacles was a face that looked gentle, no matter how one looked at it. The eyes that were long, narrow and looking somewhat droopy, looked rather kind as well. But the slightly small black pupils deep inside the glasses did have a certain kind of existence that could summon my cautiousness.
The man stopped three meters in front of me, first looking at Schmitt, then Yolko, Caynz and finally, the grave that was covered with moss before saying,
"Well...it's been a long time, everyone."
A few seconds later, Yolko finally answered back in a calm and deep tone,
"Grimlock...san. You...you, are you really..."
The one who killed Griselda, took the ring, and planned to eliminate the three of us here to cover up this incident?
Even though it wasn't stated, everyone understood from this question. As for this question, this man —— the sub-leader of the ex-«Golden Apple», the blacksmith Grimlock didn't answer immediately.
He watched Asuna sheath her blade behind him and moved towards me before smiling, and said,
"...That's a misunderstanding. I just felt that I have a need to understand the outcome of this situation, which was why I came here. The reason why I obediently listened to that terrifying onee-san here is just to clear this misunderstanding."
——Ohh, he's denying it? I was really shocked inside. There's no actual proof to show that he leaked the information to PoH, but he can't deny about the system settings in the ring incident.
"YOU'RE LYING!"
Asuna immediately shouted back.
"Weren't you hiding amongst the bushes just now? If I didn't use the Reveal technique, you wouldn't have stepped out."
"Of course it couldn't be helped. I'm just an ordinary blacksmith, and as you can see, I don't have a single weapon on me at all. Why must I be told off by you so thoroughly for not appearing in front of some orange players?"
He answered calmly and reluctantly opened his arms with the leather gloves on.
Schmitt, Caynz and Yolko couldn't say anything as they just continued to listen to Grimlock defending himself. They were probably still in disbelief that their ex-sub-leader requested savage red players to kill them. They never thought of that and were probably unwilling to believe this. It's not weird for them to be like this.
I reached my left hand out to stop Asuna, who looked like she still wanted to say something, and finally said,
"Nice to meet you for the first time, Grimlock-san. I'm Kirito...just an outsider —— but it's true that we can't link your appearance here with the attack by «Laughing Coffin» as we have no evidence to prove these two cases. Even if we ask them, they probably wouldn't testify."
In fact, if Grimlock's friend list could be visualized and we checked the friends' messaging, there should be a player's name that accepted requests for «Laughing Coffin», but unfortunately, I don't know which name it was.
However, even if we left aside the attempted murder on Schmitt and company, there shouldn't be any excuses for the 'ring incident'. I believed this was the case, and continued,
"But last autumn, the 'ring incident' that caused the «Golden Apple» guild to disband...definitely has something to do with you. No, you should be the mastermind behind this. No matter who killed Griselda, the ring definitely landed in your hands since you had a shared storage with her. You actually hid that fact, secretly sold that ring and handed half of the money over to Schmitt. This is something that can't be done by anyone other than the culprit, and there's only one reason why you're involved in this 'inside area incident'...you wanted to shut the mouths of those people involved and bury the past into the darkness, am I right?"
After I said that, a heavy silence descended on this hill of wilderness. The blue moonlight that was shining down from somewhere showed an obvious grim on Grimlock's face.
Soon, his lips curled strangely, and a voice that felt like it could cause the temperature to drop rang.
"I see. Such an interesting theory, Mr. Detective-kun...but unfortunately, there's a loophole in this reasoning."
"What?!"
I instinctively asked back. Grimlock glanced at me and used the right hand covered with the black glove to press his hat down.
"It's true that I shared the same storage with Griselda, so when she was killed, all the items that were stored inside her storage should come to me...this reasoning is right. However..."
A sharp stare came at me from the round lens reflecting the moonlight, and the tall and thin craftsman continued on in a monotonous tone.
"What if that ring wasn't kept inside the storage? In other words, what if it was materialized as an object and equipped on Griselda's finger...?"
"Ahh..."
Asuna let out a slight sound.
I, who was stumped by this unexpected question, could only let out such a similar empty voice. It's true that in this incident had many aspects that I didn't consider as well.
A player with equipment materialized as objects would definitely drop these equipment whether they were killed by monsters or other players, without exception. If Griselda was equipped with that ring, it wouldn't be transferred over to Grimlock's storage, but land in the killer's hand. This kind of reasoning is valid as well.
Did he realize that the tide has changed? Grimlock's lips curled up slightly, but that expression soon vanished. The blacksmith used his right hand to hold his forehead up and shook his head sadly.
"...Griselda was a speed-type swordsman. It's not unlikely for her to try out the high agility boost of the ring before she sold it, right? Listen up, when she was killed, everything she had did indeed come to me, but the ring wasn't there. That's how it is, Mr. Detective."
I subconsciously gritted my teeth. I tried to find a way to refute Grimlock's claim, but if I wanted to prove that Griselda was equipped with a ring or not, I'll probably need the criminal who actually killed her —— probably some member of Laughing Coffin.
Upon seeing me remain speechless, Grimlock raised his hat slightly, looked at the other four people around, and bowed curtly.
"Then, I'll take my leave. It's a pity that you weren't able to find out the mastermind behind Griselda's murder, but even Schmitt's remorse alone would be enough to let her soul be at peace."
As we faced the back of the craftsman who pulled his hat down and turned around neatly——
It was as if a certain strong feeling was hidden in her serenity as Yolko simply said,
"Please wait...no, hold it right there, Grimlock."
The man who stopped turned his face slightly. The seemingly gentle eyes under the glasses suddenly gave an annoyed look.
"Is there something else? If it's just a baseless accusation out of emotions, that can't be considered. To me, this place is sacred ground."
Grimlock said this with an arrogant and fluid tone, and Yolko stepped forward.
Is she about to do something? She looked at the white hands that were raised to her chest, and then again looked forward. Those deep blue eyes were giving a glow of strength I had never seen till now.
"Grimlock, you just said that the leader equipped the ring, so it wasn't transferred to you, but taken away by the killer. But...that's impossible."
"...How? What proof do you have?"
Yolko watched Grimlock turn around slowly, and said with a harsher tone,
"When we got that ring drop, the guild members were all discussing about what to do, remember? Caynz, Schmitt, and I were opposed to selling the ring because we thought we should increase the strength of the guild. At that moment, Caynz really wanted to use it for himself, but said that he wanted to let the leader use it —— the strongest swordsman in the «Golden Apple» was the leader, so it was best for her to use it."
Right beside Yolko, Caynz showed an awkward expression. But Yolko didn't mind at all as she continued to say with action.
"As for those words, I could still remember every single word the leader said. That person smiled as she said this —— in SAO, one hand can only be equipped with one ring. My right hand is equipped with the seal of the guild leader, and...the marriage ring on my left hand can't be removed, so I can't use it. DID YOU HEAR THAT!? IT'S IMPOSSIBLE FOR HER TO TAKE OFF EITHER OF THESE TWO RINGS AND TRY THE ABILITY OF THIS RARE RING, IMPOSSIBLE!"
The moment the sharp words rang, everyone present, including me, gasped.
It's true that on the main menu equip figure, there are one each on both the left and right hands. If both of them were taken up, it's impossible to equip a new ring. However——
This reasoning was still too weak.
It's like my thoughts were heard as Grimlock said softly.
"I thought you wanted to say something. 'Impossible'? If you really want to say this, how about you say this? ——I, who's married to Griselda, would never hurt or kill her. What you just said was a baseless accusation."
"No."
Yolko responded with a very soft voice. I held my breath to watch this petite female player, and she slowly shook her head violently.
"No, that's not it. I have proof...the killer who killed the leader felt that the items that were dropped were worthless and left them at the scene. Luckily, a player who knew the leader's name found these items and sent the leftover items over to the guild home. That's why we used this place...used this tombstone as the grave. At that time, we put her sword at this tombstone, and let it disappear as the durability wore out. Bu...but that's not all. I even buried something...something she left behind that I never mentioned before."
After saying that, Yolko turn around and knelt down beside the small tombstone and started digging with her hand. As everyone watched silently, Yolko finally stood up and handed the object over for everyone to see. It was a glossy silver box that shone under the moonlight.
"Ah...«Eternal Storage Trinket»...!"
It was just like what Asuna said. What Yolko took out was a storage box that only a master-class craftsman could make to preserve the durability of an item. It was a cuboid that was 10cm in size, so it couldn't store large items. However, it can store a few things that were the size of accessories. Even when placed in the wilderness, the durability will never drop, and the items wouldn't disappear on their own.
Yolko reached out her left hand and opened the lid of the silver box.
What lay on the white silk were two glowing rings.
Yolko first took out one of them—a larger silver ring. At the flat surface of the ring, there was a mark of an apple on it.
"This is the thing the leader always equipped on the middle finger of her right hand, the seal of the «Golden Apple». I kept the same thing, too, so you can tell once you compare them."
After putting it back, she took out another one —— a long and thin ring that glowed golden.
"And this —— is the wedding ring she would always wear on the left ring finger, you know, Grimlock! Your name is clearly engraved on it, too!...These two rings were at the same place —— THAT'S THE UNSHAKEABLE PROOF THAT THE LEADER WAS WEARING THEM EVEN AS SHE WAS TAKEN OUT OF THE AREA AND KILLED! ISN'T IT!? IF NOT, TRY ARGUING BACK!!"
At the end, she was screaming hysterically in tears.
A large number of tears flowed down Yolko's cheeks, and she reached her hand with the golden ring out for Grimlock to see.
At this moment, nobody spoke up. Caynz, Schmitt, Asuna and I could only watch both of them in their confrontation with our eyes widened.
The tall and thin craftsman's lips were still curled as he remained there for more than 10 seconds. Finally, the lips trembled slightly before opening up.
"That ring...I think it was during the funeral when you asked me, Yolko, whether I wanted to take Griselda's wedding ring. I answered that we should let it disappear naturally with the sword. If at that moment...I said I wanted to take it away..."
Grimlock lowered his head deeply and buried his face inside the hat, collapsing onto the ground as if the strings controlling his tall body had snapped.
Yolko placed the golden ring back into the box, closed the lid and held the box tightly before looking up at the sky with her twisted teary face, saying with a voice that had lost its sharpness.
"...Why...just why, Grimlock. Why, did you really want to snatch the ring to exchange it for money, and kill the leader...your own wife, for the sake of that?"
"...Money? Did you say money?"
As he continued to kneel, Grimlock said with a hoarse voice, and then started laughing.
He raised his left hand, summoned the menu window, and after a short time of operating, what appeared as an object was a leather bag that's just slightly big. Grimlock grabbed it and threw it onto the ground. Amidst the heavy sound, there are some clear metallic sounds in them. From this, I could deduce that the bag had a large amount of money.
"That's half of the money earned when it was sold. Not a single coin has left it."
"Eh...?"
Grimlock looked up at the puzzled and frowning Yolko, and then looked over at us and said in a hoarse voice,
"It's not because of money. I...I had to kill her, while she was still my wife."
The round glasses glanced at the moss-riddled tombstone for an instant and quickly turned back, and the craftsman continued his words.
"Griselda, Grimlock. The Gri at the beginning isn't a coincidence. She and I, we used the same names in the net games we played before SAO. And if the system allowed it, we were always husband and wife. That's because...she was my wife in the real world."
I was thoroughly shocked deep inside as my mouth opened slightly. Asuna gasped as well as Yolko and the rest looked extremely surprised.
"To me, she's an ideal wife without a flaw. It's like she was designed as a wife who would follow the husband, who was extremely cute and obedient and never quarreled. It's just that...when we were trapped in this world together...she changed..." Grimlock shook his face that was almost covered by the hat and sighed,
"The one who was scared and trembling when we entered this forced death game was me. What sort of talent was hidden in her...whether it was the battle ability or decision making, Griselda...no, «Yuuko» far exceeded me. Also, that's not it. Later, she went against my opposition, creating a guild and enlisting members before starting to train. She...as compared to the real world, was filled with even more life...looking extremely fulfilled...as I stood beside her and watched her, even I had to admit that the Yuuko I loved had disappeared. Even if we cleared the game and returned to the real world, the quiet and obedient Yuuko would never come back.
The shoulders of the longcoat that had buttons in front trembled slightly. Was he mocking himself or feeling the pain of his own loss? I couldn't tell. That soft voice continued,
"...Can you understand what I was scared of? If I returned to the real world...and if Yuuko raised the proposal that we're to divorce...I would never be able to endure the shame. Then...while I was still her husband in this world where killing is legal, I wanted to seal Yuuko in my memories. This wish of mine...I suppose no one can blame me, right...?"
The slow and horrifying confession ended, and during this time, no one was able to say anything.
And what I heard was the hoarse voice coming out from my throat.
"Shame...shame? Because your own wife stopped listening to you...you killed her just for this reason? She trained herself and her friends so that we can all be released from SAO...and hoped to join the clearing group one day, and you...killed her...for such a reason..."
I used my left wrist to hold down the right hand that was about to reach for the sword on my back.
Grimlock slowly lifted his face, the bottom of the glasses reflecting a soft light, and muttered at me,
"Such a reason? Of course not. That's an ample reason. One day, you'll understand, Mr. Detective. When you get love and are about to lose it."
"No, you're the one in the wrong, Grimlock!"
The one who argued back wasn't me, but Asuna.
The exceptionally pretty face gave an expression even I didn't know of, and the rapier user said calmly,
"What you harbored for Griselda wasn't love, just possessiveness. If you loved her, take off the glove on your left hand. You probably threw the same ring away which Griselda didn't take off even as she was killed."
Grimlock's shoulders jerked slightly, and just like me, his right hand was holding onto his left.
However, his hand didn't do anything else. The craftsman remained silent and didn't take off the leather glove.
The one who broke the silence again was Schmitt, who didn't talk up til now.
"...Kirito, can you leave this guy's punishment to us? Of course, we won't lynch him, but we'll definitely make him atone for his sins."
This calm voice didn't have any sense of the absolute terror it had several minutes ago.
I looked up at the muscular guy whose armor let out some sounds and nodded slightly.
"I got it. I'll leave it to you then."
Schmitt nodded wordlessly and grabbed Grimlock's right hand to pull him up. After checking that the craftsman with his head lowered wouldn't run away, he simply said, "Sorry to trouble you," and left the hill.
Yolko and Caynz, who buried that silver box back in, walked towards us, bowed deeply and exchanged looks with us. Yolko then said,
"Asuna-san, Kirito-san. I'm really sorry...I don't know how to thank you two. Without you two, we would probably be killed here...and Grimlock's crime won't be revealed."
"No...luckily you managed to remember those two rings in the end. Nicely done. If you return back to the real world, you can be a prosecutor or lawyer."
On hearing this, Yolko smiled and shrugged.
"No...you two may not believe this, but at that moment, I seemed to have heard the leader's voice and remembered the rings."
"...I see..."
Both of them bowed again. Asuna and I then watched them walk down the hill, following Schmitt from behind.
Soon after, the 4 cursors all disappeared into the town. On the hill in the wilderness, there was only the blue moonlight and the steady night wind.
"...I say, Kirito-kun."
Suddenly, Asuna whispered softly.
"If you...if you get married with someone and found out something about her that you didn't know about, how will you think?"
"Eh?"
This question that I had never considered before caused me to be stunned. I had only lived for 15 years, and this delicate question of life is something I couldn't understand completely.
But after thinking about it, I finally said an answer that more or less lacked thought.
"I'll probably think that I'm lucky."
"Eh?"
"Tha...that's because if we're married, it means that both of us like the areas we can see, right? So if we find a new side after that, and if we still like each other...won't it be tw, twice the love?"
I know that it's really a stupid explanation, but Asuna merely frowned, tilted her head and smiled.
"I see. That's weird."
"We...weird..."
"Well, it's nothing much. Let's not talk about this...a lot of things have happened, and my stomach is grumbling. Let's go get something to eat."
"Tha, that's right. Then...that Algade's specialty that looks like okonomiyaki without the sauce..."
"Rejected."
As expected, Asuna refused it, and suddenly grabbed my shoulder from before.
Shocked, I turn to look behind, and what was in front of my eyes——
The umpteenth inexplicable scene ever since I got involved in this 'inside area incident' appeared in my eyes.
In Aincrad, all sorts of senses are digitalized data that can be indicated through process codes, so it's impossible for supernatural phenomenon to happen.
So is this a bug in the server I see? Or is it an illusion in my breath?
Not far away, on the north side of the hill, under the old trees gathered there, beside a moss-riddled tombstone standing there...was a translucent female player giving off a slightly golden light.
Her slender body has the bare minimum metallic armor. The long sword is tied at her waist, the shield is on her back, and her short-haired head has a serene and beautiful face. Her eyes has a strong glow that I know most players have.
The eyes of a clearer who wished to use the blade to end this death game.
This female player who's giving a serene smile watches Asuna and me wordlessly. However, after a while, she extends her right hand over to us to seemingly hand something over.
Asuna and I reached our right hands out, and as we felt the warmth, we clasped onto it tightly. This warmth entered our bodies, lighting the fire within our chest. We opened our mouths and said out the words the form within us.
"Your will...we'll definitely carry it on. One day, we'll definitely beat this game and release everyone for you to see."
"Un, definitely, so...please watch over us, Griselda-san."
Asuna's words rode through the night wind and reached the female swordsman. The transparent face showed a large smile——
And in that instant, nobody was there.
We put our hands down and remained spaced out over there for quite some time.
Soon after, Asuna clasped my hand tightly, smiling and saying,
"Let's go back. We have to work hard tomorrow."
"...Yeah. I want to clear that level by this week."
We then turned before walking down the hill, heading towards the main town.

(END)


Caliber
(Alfheim, December 2025)
Part 1
"Onii-chan, look at this."
With that sound, Suguha handed me a thin tablet terminal. I looked at it sleepily.
I went to sleep like normal last night, but it seemed like I had a long dream. Maybe it was due to that, this morning at the breakfast table, I had to use strong coffee to forcefully turn my thinking gears that refused to move. However in this situation, a small warning lamp lit in part of my head, and I hesitated whether to accept the tablet or not.
Because about two weeks ago, in a similar situation and timing, when she handed me a hard copy, it was my secret misdeed—not exactly that serious, but Suguha silently collected evidence of my character conversion from flight type VRMMO «ALfheim Online» (ALO) to the gun battle VRMMO «Gun Gale Online» (GGO). 'Is this the same as that time, but what have I done recently', while thinking that, Suguha said with a bitter smile.
"I am not going to hang you, this time. Just look at it!"
I fearfully accepted the tablet that was held out again, and took a peek.
It displayed the same thing as the previous hard copy, a news story from the country's largest VRMMORPG information site «MMO Tomorrow». However, the page category was not GGO but ALO. When I looked at the first article screenshot, I saw not a player avatar but a landscape. So it was true, it wasn't a story of a certain Spriggan dressed in black.
Relieved, I read the headline of the article.
However right after, I suffered a different kind of shock, and raised my voice when I finished.
"Wh... Whattt!"
[The Strongest Legendary Weapon «Holy Sword Excaliber», Discovered At Last!].
It was written down on the article like that.
I forgot my previous fatigue and read the text as if devouring it, and a long moan escaped from my mouth.
"Uh—huh... they found it at last..."
"Well, I still think it took them a long time."
Opposite of me, Suguha spread blueberry jam on her toast, and responded with a pout.
«Holy Sword Excaliber».
It was the only weapon in ALO that is said to surpass «Demonic Sword Gram» which the Salamander general Eugene had. However for a long time, other than a small description and picture at the bottom of the weapon introduction section on the official game site, how to obtain it in the game was unknown.
—No, to be exact, there were only three players that knew, that's not right, four people. Suguha, Asuna, Yui, and me. We found it at the beginning of this year, in January 2025. Since it was now December 28th, the secret of Excaliber had been kept for nearly a full year.
"Ah... if it is like this, we should have challenged it again..."
While complaining, I shoved my spoon into the jar of homemade jam which Suguha gave me and scooped the purple jelly onto my toast. Then I spread some whipped butter, making a marbled design. Recently trying to control her calorie intake, Suguha discretely watched me prepare my toast and tried to endure while comparing the toast in her right hand, but her willpower's saving roll[1] apparently failed, and without a word she pulled the butter jar toward herself.
Trying to show that she could at least control the amount, she carefully spread the butter sparingly. Suguha took a bite of that toast and corrected my misunderstanding.
"Keep reading, it has still only been found. It seems that no one has acquired it yet."
"What."
I who was going to take a big bite into my toast, stopped my hand and stared at the tablet on the table again. It was written in the article that the existence of Excaliber was confirmed, but there was nothing saying that somebody had gotten it. Thinking about it, if a player had acquired it, the article picture would be a screen shot of those guys proudly holding that golden sword.
"I see, don't scare me..."
I mumbled as I took a big bite of my toast this time, and let out a cry of relief. Seeing that, Suguha laughed at my impatience, took the milk carton and poured it into the glass in front of me.
Today is Sunday, December 28, 2025, 9:30AM. For both Suguha and me, it was the start of winter break, so we were having a slightly late breakfast. Mother seems to have some proofreading left to complete this year, so she flew out of the house earlier with a toast in her mouth. The e-books without the need for a printing office had both advantages and disadvantages.
Father, whose job took him to New York, was busy as usual, sent an e-mail saying that he was returning home on the 30th. When it was just Suguha and me at the table, our conversation naturally drifted toward ALO, as usual.
After finishing my first piece of toast, I spoke of my doubts as I spread my second toast with tuna this time.
"But, then how did they find it? Flight is impossible in Jötunheimr, but Excaliber is at a height where it can only be seen with flight."
A year ago, after departing from the Sylph capital and while aiming for the central city Alne, Suguha (Leafa) and I (Kirito) finally saw the world tree. But we were immediately swallowed by a giant worm monster, and passed through its digestive tract, then dropped into the Underworld, Jötunheimr.
We fell into a field populated with giant evil-god class monsters which we could not possibly defeat, and as we tried to reach the stairs to above ground, we came across a very strange scene. A humanoid type evil-god with four arms was attacking an evil-god that looked like a jellyfish with a long nose and the head of an elephant.
Leafa had shouted "Help the one being bullied!", and I who had drawn the four armed one into a nearby lake, and when it reached the water, the jellyfish evil-god won. Far from attacking us, that fellow who Leafa named «Tonkii» took us on its back, and carried us to the center of Jötunheimr. Tonkii, who underwent an «emergence»[2] from a pupa, flew while carrying Leafa and me to a walkway leading through the canopy to above ground—in the middle of that, we saw it. A huge inverted pyramid dungeon wrapped in the roots of the World Tree hung from the canopy, sealed in a sparkling crystal at the very bottom was a golden sword.
Suguha seemed to have relived that memory along with me, and with upturned eyes, said with a smile.
"Onii-chan, at that time you were really at a loss. Whether to return to the ground or jump off Tonkii and try to go through the dungeon and get Excaliber."
"W... Well, I hesitated... But I dare say it, people who don't hesitate there, I won't recognize them as real net gamers!"
"Those words are not very cool."
Suguha made that assessment while smiling, and looked down seemingly lost in thought. Apparently she was not at a loss on what to spread on her second piece of toast though, for she reached for the tube of tuna spread and whispered.
"...Tonkii will only come if Onii-chan or I call. ...I have not heard of anyone finding another way to fly in Jötunheimr. Does this mean, someone has saved another elephant jellyfish evil-god like us and succeeded in obtaining the quest flag..."
"It might be like that... That disgusting... no, unique form evil-god being saved by a whimsical... no, philanthropist person other than Sugu, I am surprised they exist."
"He isn't disgusting! He is cute!"
While glaring at me, my supposed-to-be 16 year old sister declared that and continued speaking.
"But, with this, I think it is just a matter of time before someone successfully breaks through the dungeon and gets the sword. It was not discovered until today because it is hard to understand the conditions for the flag activation, but a year has passed and there was the update that introduced Sword Skills, so the degree of difficulty of the dungeon itself should have decreased."
"You... are right..."
Taking a sip of my milk, I nodded.
It was January this year that we found Excaliber. After that, the administration of ALO was transferred from RECTO Progress to its current venture company, then there was the addition of the Floating Castle Aincrad, causing a huge change in the game. When things finally calmed down in June, Leafa, Asuna, Yui, and I got on Tonkii's back again and challenged the dungeon to obtain the Holy Sword Excaliber.
And failed miserably. That aerial inverted pyramid dungeon was full of the boss type of giant four-armed humanoid evil-gods that had bullied Tonkii, they were so strong as to make us want to cry out "No way―!". The three of us plus one had gone ahead of time, not to challenge it but to scout it out. At that time we determined that it was impossible, so we swore we would "Challenge it again after we became stronger."—But.
The first ten levels of Aincrad were opened when it was put into the game, with up to the 20th level opened up until September, so our plans were focused there. We sometimes went to Jötunheimr to collect materials, and incidentally called Tonkii to play with it, but about Excaliber, since no one else was going after it—or more like no one has found it, a year had passed by like that.
However, in MMORPGs, it is impossible for items to never be found. The details were still unclear, but since the location of the sword appeared on the news site like that at last, a lot of players would be rushing to Jötunheimr, some of which might have already entered the aerial dungeon.
"...What are you going to do, Onii-chan?"
Suguha asked, lifting her glass of milk with both hands after she finished off her second toast.
Against that, I cleared my throat to respond.
"Sugu, pursuing rare items isn't the only pleasures of VRMMOs."
"...Yeah, that's true. Even if the weapon specs are strong..."
"However, I think we must answer the feelings of Tonkii, who showed us the sword. As for that fellow, surely he hopes we will break through the dungeon. Because to us, Tonkii is a friend, right."
"...Earlier, you said he was disgusting..."
I asked my younger sister with damp eyes, and the biggest possible smile.
"So, Sugu, are you free today?"
"...Well, my club is on break."
Good! I punched my right fist into my left palm. And changing the gears of my thoughts, I started talking about the capture strategy really quickly.
"The maximum number of people Tonkii could reliably carry is seven. So, with Sugu and me, Asuna, Klein, Silica, and Lis... that leaves one more person. Agil is busy with his shop... Chrysheight is unreliable, Recon is at the Sylph capital..."
"...How about try to invite Sinon-san."
"That's it!"
I snapped my fingers and immediately took out my cell phone, scrolling through the phone book.
Earlier this month, I was involved in a certain case in GGO - «Gun Gale Online», and converted Kirito, I met a female player named Sinon there. After solving the case, Sinon became friends with Lis and Asuna, who invited her to make a character in ALO.
But since it is a new character that has only been used for two weeks since it was made, for an all skill system like ALO, the average of many of her numerical stats was still low. But with Sinon's senses, she should be able to stand tall even in very difficult dungeons.
Opposite me, who was sending e-mails at maximum speed, Suguha quickly stacked the plates and glasses, and took them to the kitchen. It might be just my imagination, but her footsteps had a bounce to them. Perhaps, no matter what she says, she was planning it to turn out like this when she showed me the news.
Diving into the other world with my companions, challenging a difficult and thrilling mission. Something more fun than this would be hard to find.
Once I had finished sending an invitation to five people, including Sinon, via e-mail, I did a short run to the kitchen to help Suguha.

Even though it's a Sunday, to so easily gather a seven people party in the year-end morning, it must by the inviter's natural virtue—no, it must be the result of the «Holy Sword Excaliber» strongly calling out to their gamer souls. Compared to half a year ago when Asuna, Leafa, Yui, and I challenged it, this time we have more people and our individual stats are far higher.
Our meeting place was at Yggdrasil City's main street, where a signboard stating «Lisbeth's Arms Shop» was. The Leprechaun storekeeper was sharpening everyone's weapons in order on a whetstone wheel. Before a large-scale quest, it was common sense to revive the durability of our equipment to the max.
To that Salamander katana user, Klein, who was sitting on the bench next the wall with legs crossed, with the excuse of «cheering up», and tilting a wine bottle back in the morning—of course, even so not one milliliter of alcohol entered his real body—the Cait Sith Beastmaster Silica, who had the fluffy blue dragon on her head, asked him.
"Klein-san, are you already on New Year vacation?"
"As of yesterday. There are no loads at this time even if I want to work. Our president is proud of our super white company having a week of vacation before and after year-end!"
Even looking like that, Klein is a proper member-of-society employee that works at a small import company. He always speaks ill of his company President, but he was taken good care of during his two years of imprisonment in SAO, and after Klein returned alive, he was immediately able to return to work, so it must be a good company. Klein also seems to feel indebted to him, and recently developed a long distance presentation system using a mobile camera and «the seed» package. For me who helped a lot in modifying that camera, only treating me to all-you-can-eat roasted meat once was a bit hard to swallow, but I will call it even for him helping me with today's quest—.
Leaning against the wall while I thought, the object of my thought, Klein, looked at me and said.
"Hey Kirito, if we succeed today in getting «Holy Sword Excaliber», next time you can help me get «Spirit Katana Kagutsuchi»."
"What... that dungeon is damn hot..."
"If you say that then Jötunheimr we are going to today is damn cold!"
While we were having our low-level argument, a subdued voice came from the left.
"Ah, then I want that «Light Bow Shekhinah»."
I looked at the person who stopped talking. Leaning on the wall with her back same as me, standing with arms crossed, from short light blue hair, grew sharp triangle shaped ears, was a female Cait Sith player. If Silica was a friendly munchkin type, then this was a cool Siamese cat—no, she would be a ferocious wildcat.
"You only made your character two weeks ago, and you already desire a legendary weapon?"
In response to my question, the wildcat's slim long tail moved in a waving motion and answered.
"The bow Lis made is wonderfully constructed, but I would like it to have a little more range if possible..."
At that moment, from the workbench deep in her workshop, Lisbeth who was just then changing the string on that bow turned around and replied with a forced smile.
"You there, the bows in this world, are a weapon with more range than a spear but less range than magic! Aiming at more than 100 meters away is just not normal!"
In contrast, the wildcat just shrugged, and put on an unruffled smiled.
"What I would really like is double that range."
At her home base in GGO, she was an over 2000 meters ultra long-range sniper, knowing that, I could not help but make a stiff smile. If she really got that bow, in duels without area range limit, before you can bring a sword into range, you would be shot with arrows like a hedgehog and that would be the END.
The water color haired wildcat—is a new friend, Sinon that came to ALO two weeks ago, with just one day of practice, she fully mastered the hard to use bow. Speaking of archers in ALO, it can be mobile Sylphs with short bows, or Gnomes who excel in endurance and strength using a heavy ballista as a mobile battery, she totally ignored those theories and instead focused on range with a longbow, choosing to be a Cait Sith, the race with the best eyesight out of the nine for her build. Thinking of letting her do what she wants at the beginning and other things, but seeing her arrows hitting in longer range than fire-attribute magic, and killing monsters before they can approach her, I ended up kneeling to her inside my heart.
The arrow from bows in this world, under normal distance, has system assist like magic attacks for target hit support, beyond that distance, wind and gravity influence will make the arrow miss the target. However, GGO used a common engine to simulate «the effects of wind and gravity», so it was like Sinon had been training on manual correction for years. It's the same as when I went to GGO and used «view detection» skill that is not in the system, this means the similarities for VRMMO made using The Seed, still has things in it that I did not think of—.
While I was thinking about various things, the workshop door to my right was flung open forcefully.
"I am back!" "Sorry for the wait."
The owners of those voices were Leafa and Asuna, who had gone potion shopping. It seems they did not put the objects into their item slots, but carried them back from the market in the baskets they carried, they dumped various small bottles and nuts onto the table in the center of the room.
A little fairy flew from Asuna's shoulder—she was a Navigation Pixie named Yui, landed on my head and sat down. My Avatar, the Spriggan «Kirito», had long pointed hair, at Yui's request now I have my old hairstyle. The reason was it was «hard to sit on».
On my head, Yui started speaking in a voice like a bell.
"I gathered some information while we were shopping, there was not any player or party that have reached that aerial dungeon, papa."
"Oh... Then, why is «Excaliber»'s location known?"
"Apparently, a different quest than the Tonkii one we discovered was found. That quest's reward seems to be the NPC showing Excaliber's location."
Hearing Yui's words, Asuna, who was organizing the potions, turned around with her Undine's only long blue hair waving, made a small frown and nodded.
"And apparently, it wasn't a peaceful quest either. Rather than errand or guard type, it was a slaughter type. Now, thanks to that, it is a brutal fight to claim re-pop monsters[3] in Jötunheimr."
"...That surely won't be calm..."
I twisted my lips, too.
Slaughter type, as the name indicates, «Defeat over xx number of xx type monster» or «Gather xx number of drop items from xx type monster», that kind of quest. Naturally, because it is a quest that requires a party to keep hunting a certain type of monster in a certain area, when other parties on the same quest is in the same small area, the scramble for the best re-pops, that is the re-spawned monsters inevitably leads to PvP[4] battles.
"But, isn't that strange?"
Klein who finished his bottle of brandy, wiped his lips and opened his mouth.
"«Holy Sword Excaliber» is sealed in the deepest chamber in an aerial dungeon guarded by powerful evil-gods right? What does it mean to have a quest reward from an NPC reveal it?"
"Now that you say it, it does seem so."
Silica too, while hugging Pina who came down from her head to her chest, tilted her head.
"If it's a reward for transportation to the dungeon, that's understandable..."
"—Well, we'll understand once we get there, I'm sure."
Next to me, the comment from Sinon was as cool as ever, and Lisbeth cried out from deep in her workshop just after that.
"Great! All weapons, full recovery!"
"Thanks for your hard work!!"
Everyone sang a chorus in appreciation. Then took their shining like new, loving sword, katana, bow and other weapons back and equipped them. Next, from the table, Asuna divided the potions into seven portions by inherent command capability, we took them and put them in the belt pouch at our waists. Then stored the items we couldn't carry in our item slots.
Taking a quick glance at the real world time display in the lower right hand corner of my view, I saw it was just 11:00 AM. We would take a lunch and restroom break at some time, but probably can make it to the first safety zone in the aerial dungeon.
Looking around, I saw that preparations were complete by all seven + one + one dragon, and cleared my throat to get everyone's attention.
"Everyone, thank you for coming today in response to my urgent call! I'll repay you for this one day, in spirit! Well then—let's do our best!"
Ooo! It might have been my imagination, but there seemed to be slightly wry smiles mixed into that chorus. Turning around and opening the door of the workshop, I aimed for the secret tunnel which led from Alne that is below Yggdrasil City to the underworld, Jötunheimr, and started my boots forward.
Part 2
The narrow alley, which wasn’t shown on the map of Alne’s back streets, split left and right, the stairs went up and down until it reached a door at the garden of a private house we passed previously.
It was an unremarkable rounded wooden door, it actually lead people to think of it as a decorative object, which could not be opened. Leafa put a small copper key from her pouch into the key hole, and turned it, causing a clear Clink unlocking sound. The key was added to our storage without my knowledge when Tonkii carried us through the tunnel for the first time. So it could be said that it was impossible to open the door from the Alne side.
I grabbed the iron hoops and pulled, the wooden door slid open in the middle to the left and right, revealing the interior descending stairs. Once the line of all seven people went past, and Klein, who was at the end of the line, closed the door, it automatically locked itself again.
“Uwahh……What are these steps for?”
Lisbeth, who came here for the first time, couldn’t help but exclaim loudly. The descending stairs which was the floor of the tunnel had a diameter of around two meters, it was illuminated by the small lamps on the wall, emitting a pallid phosphorescent light, and the length of the stairs seemed to continue into the limit of resolution.
“Hmm, it is like part of the Aincrad’s labyrinth tower zone.”
The answer came from Asuna who was at the start of the line and had already stepped down the stairs; Lis, Silica, and Klein’s faces showed surprise at the same time. I made a wry smile, then stressed my gratitude toward this tunnel.
“Well, if you think about going to Jötunheimr using the normal route, first you have to find the stairway dungeon, which is located on the unknown location on the Alne plateau, advance inside while fighting the monsters, and lastly, defeat the boss guarding the place. One party would still require at least two hours to do that, but this route only takes five minutes! If I was Leafa, I’d start a business here collecting toll of a thousand Yrd per entry.”
“Hey, Onii-chan, exiting here without Tonkii will drop you to an unavoidable death at the large underground hollow in the middle of Jötunheimr though.”
Leafa said while making a tired face, she was always too straight.
At the very center of the large underground world, Jötunheimr was a big bottomless hole with a diameter of around 1.5 kilometers, it had been given names like «Deep Central Hollow» or «Great Void». The holy sword Excaliber was sealed within the air maze inside the upside down pyramid, which protruded from the canopy right above that void. The exit of the stairs we were running down was close to the air maze, and was also located high up in the sky over the void, jumping over will certainly result in going down that bottomless pit and to our deaths, returning to the save point above the ground with no question asked.
Ahem, I cleared my throat and said with a strict face.
“Well, for that reason, let’s take each step with appreciation and without complaining, gentlemen.”
“It wasn’t you who made this though”
Sinon who was walking in front of me immediately responded. Still as cool and straight as ever, I should express the gratitude for this retort properly.


“Thanks for the retort.”
Saying thanks, and at the same time grabbing hold of the light blue tail swaying in front of me to substitute a hand shake.
“Fugyaa!!”
Suddenly, the wildcat archer made a loud scream and jumped. She turned around, and skillfully ran back up, but I pulled my face back with ease before both her claws could make a scratch.
The triangular ears and tail unique to the Cait Sith race were of course organs human don’t have, however, they could sense the feeling using an unknown mechanism. Being grabbed hard by a player who wasn’t aware of the fact would cause a «super weird feeling»——Silica’s explanation——for that reason, the reaction was always very amusing.
“You, the next time you do this I’ll shoot a fire arrow straight up your nostril!”
Hmph! In front of Sinon who turned around quickly; Leafa, Lis, Silica, Asuna, with Yui sitting on her shoulder all shook their heads in a flawlessly synchronized motion. Klein who was behind them groaned in admiration, “You just don’t know fear, huh.”
Just under the expected five minutes, as the party was passing through the outer crust of Alfheim via the tunnel stairs, a dim white light could be seen at the end of the tunnel.
At the same time, the coldness of the virtual atmosphere increased with each step. The sparkling ice crystals started glittering in front of their faces.
After a few seconds, we were finally out of the crust, our vision caught sight of the bird’s eye view of Jötunheimr. The stairs which were carved into the thick tree root continued on in midair for about fifteen more meters before it ended.
“Uu……waah……!!”
“Wow……”
Sinon and Silica, the two cats who saw Jötunheimr for the first time raised their voices at the same time. Even the small dragon Pina on Silica’s head flapped its wings energetically.
Spread below the eyes and covered in the massive amount of snow and ice was the beautiful and harsh world of eternal night. Illumination came from the huge ice crystals protruding from the canopy surrounding us, which refracted a small amount of light from the ground above. Other light sources were from the yellow-green or purple-blue burning bonfires at the castle and fortress of the evil-god tribes scattered here and there on the surface. The height from the ground to the center of the canopy could reach one kilometer, the countless numbers of evil-gods on the field couldn’t be seen from this height. And right below was the huge bottomless pit, inhaling all light, the «Void».
Returning the gaze from below back to the front, it was a terrific scene difficult to describe with words.
The countless roots crept about——the roots of the world tree stood tall above Alfheim ground—— it seemed like they were supporting the thin blue ice block protruding sharply from the canopy, which was our destination, the «Aerial Dungeon», that was shaped like an inverted pyramid. Its base was three hundred meters on each side, and its height was about the same. The myriad of rooms and passages which had been dug inside the ice could be seen from this distance, as well as the huge shadow hovering there.
Finally, my vision moved to the sharp tip at the bottom of the inverted pyramid.
Even with the increased night vision of the Spriggan race’s special trait, it was still hard to see the shining gold light which blinked briefly. At the depth of that shining light resided the strongest incentive, ALO’s strongest legendary class weapon, the «Holy Sword Excaliber», was sealed there.
After the general status confirmation had been completed, Asuna then held her right hand up and started reciting the smooth spell words. At that moment, the body of all members were wrapped in a thin blue light, and a small icon lit up under the HP gauge at the upper left of their vision. Immediately, the chill went away as if we wore a first class down jacket. It was the freeze resistance boost supporting spell.
“Okay.”
Leafa nodded after hearing Asuna voice, her right fingers were applied to her lips and she whistled a high pitch.
Several seconds later, Kwooo―……n, a distant cry mixed with the sound of the wind slowly approached. Contrasting the dark void background, a white shade could be seen ascending.
From the side of the body, it looked like a spatulated fish, or a flat rice paddle, with four pairs, eight fins resembling white wings stretched out. Hanging from the lower side of the body were numerous ivy-like tentacles. Its head had three black eyes on each of the three sides, and an extended long nose. The evil-god which «emergence» from the elephant-jellyfish into this strange yet beautiful form, was Tonkii.
“Tonkii-saaaaan!”
From Asuna’s shoulder, Yui called out with all her voice, the strange evil-god cried Oo―n once again. It ascended in a spiral movement after flapping its strong wings. With its shape becoming larger, the four new comers retraced their steps back up the stairs.
“It’s alright, this guy is herbivorous.”
After I said that, Leafa turned around and grinned.
“But, the other day I gave him fish I brought from above ground, he ate them all in one bite though.”
“…………H-Heh.”
Klein and the others took another step back, but the narrow stairs had no more room for them to retreat. Once Tonkii was right in front of us, it stretched its long nose from its face which still resembled an elephant’s, and with its bushy haired tip —— stroked Klein’s standing hair.
“Ubyrho!?”
I pushed the back of Katana user who made an odd sound without mercy.
“Hurry, go ride on its back.”
“E…Even you say that, I, not riding American cars and flying elephants was the last will of my grandfather……”
“The other day at the Dicey Café, your grandfather just gave me handmade dried persimmons, didn’t he? It was delicious too, please bring me more next time!”
I pushed his back again after saying that, Klein fearfully stepped on Tonkii’s shoulder and moved to its flat back. Subsequently was Sinon, who had no fear as usual, followed by the animal lover Silica who seemed to have included Tonkii into her target. Lisbeth said in an unexpected girly voice “Yokkorasho!” while following, then Leafa and Asuna who weren’t first timers jumped on, lastly me, lightly scratching the base of Tonkii’s nose before jumping onto the back of the evil-god class monster, which had a total length of more than ten meters.
“Alright, Tonkii, please bring us to the dungeon entrance!”
Leafa who sat right behind its neck shouted, Tonkii raised its long nose and cried again, then slowly flapped its eight wings to move forward.
For me, this was the fifth time riding on the back of «Tonkii», the flight type evil-god, including when we were just playing around . Even if I didn’t mention it, I thought about it every time. It was——
“……Hey, what happens if we fall from here?”
That, was what I thought, frankly asked by Lisbeth who sat right behind me.
That’s right. It was the principle of Jötunheimr that all the fairy tribes couldn’t fly here, and damage would be applied upon falling from a high altitude. Depending on the skill value, damage would occur when falling from over ten meters, and falling from more than thirty meters would certainly lead to instant death.
However, Tonkii’s current flight altitude was in the region of a thousand meters. There was no need to think about what would happen if we fell from this height. Of course there were some safety measures —— like grabbing the tentacles below its belly —— but I’d rather not have to do so.
While everyone seemed to have the similar concern in their minds; only Leafa, the «Speed Holic» who sat in front, along with Yui who moved to sit on her head, and Pina who was embraced by Silica, were feeling comfortable.
The one who answered Lis’ question was Asuna who sat stickily beside her. With a somewhat stiff expression, she looked at me and smiled, then said,
“There was a person who climbed the pillar connecting to the next layer in the old Aincrad and fell down, I’m sure that person would experiment falling from here in the future too.”
“……Falling from this height, aren’t cats more suitable for that?”
The two felines immediately made a serious look and shook their heads repeatedly.
During the exchange, Tonkii was still flapping its four pairs of wings, slowly gliding through the air. Up ahead was the terrace entrance to the aerial dungeon made out of ice, the entrance was located at the top side of the inverted pyramid. Hopefully it’ll be a safe ride until the end——
I secretly wished that. At that moment,
Without any warning, Tonkii folded all its wings into sharp angles and broke into a rapid dive.
“Uwaaaaah!?”
Was the loud yell by the two men.
“Kyaaaaa!”
The high scream by the girls group.
“Yaho——————!”
That was Leafa.
Both my hands desperately grabbed at the hair, which grew thickly on its wide back, to withstand the rushing wind pressure. The diving angle seemed to be almost vertical, the ground below progressively approaching. But why did it suddenly do this? Every ride up till now was always a slow patrol course between the tree root stairs and the ice terrace.
Was it tired of being used as a taxi? Or did the fish Leafa gave it before weigh heavily in its stomach?
While thinking about things which wouldn’t be beneficial to my health, the details of the ground covered in ice and snow was getting much higher precision. It seemed Tonkii was aiming for the southern border of the huge pit, the «Void». Yes, it was the place where Leafa and I once fought with the Undine raid party trying to kill Tonkii.
Immediately after that, the sudden decelerating G caused our bodies to bend over and stick to the evil-god’s back. Tonkii spread out its folded wings, applying the brakes to the nose dive. At least it looked like it didn’t want to litter the ground with its luggage. I lifted up my body while exhaling in relief.
I looked downwards from Tonkii’s back once it started cruising horizontally again, the altitude was already at about fifty meters. Now the state of the ground was clearly visible, like a high detailed aviation photo. Dead trees with sharp icicles hanging. Frozen rivers and lakes. then——
“…………Ah……!?”
Leafa who sat on Tonkii’s head raised her voice sharply and stretched her body. She then pointed to a spot on the ground as she squeezed out her voice that sounded almost like a scream.
“O..Onii-chan, look there!!”
Hearing that, the other five and I gazed to the front left, in the direction Leafa pointed her finger.
Suddenly a dazzling flash effect burst up, and shot into my eyes which was accustomed to the dim light. Then, a bass sound followed after a slight delay. Based on this, it was a large scale attack spell, no doubt about it.
Tonkii made a sad Krrru―n cry. The reason for the cry was found shortly,
The attack was focused on the manjū-like body sitting over the long tentacles, with the long nose and big ears of an elephant, it was a large jellyfish monster. The same type as Tonkii before undergoing «emergence», no doubt about it.
Then, the attack was from a large scale raid party with more than thirty members. With colorful hair color and the varying body sizes, it seemed to be a force of mixed races. If looking at just that, it could be said that it was just the normal «Evil-god hunt party». But what Leafa saw which we didn’t, was the fact that it was not only the players that attacked the elephant-jellyfish.
With the height of about six or seven times that of the Gnome’s, while having the form of a human, it had four arms and three faces lined up vertically. Its skin color was like pallid steel, its dull red eyes had the reminiscence of burning coal.
It was the same as the humanoid evil-god monster which tried to kill Tonkii the first time we met. Each of its arms held a steel-like crude sword, the blunt blades repeatedly slammed into the elephant-jellyfish’s back. Its hard shell cracked and the bodily fluid gushed out while the players continued firing spells, arrows, and sword skills into those cracks.
“What’s……going on there? Did someone tame that humanoid evil-god?”
Asuna whispered as she panted. Silica shook her head vigorously and answered,
“That’s impossible! The tame success rate on evil-god class monsters, even with maximum skill and full equipment boosts is still 0.00%!”
“That means……”
Klein stroked his bristling red hair while groaning.
“That was, how to say it……«Hitch a ride» is the term? Attacking the elephant-jellyfish along with those attacks from the four arms and taking credit of the final blow at the end……”
“But I wonder about the hate control in that situation.”
Sinon commented calmly despite her eyebrows drawing tightly together. Certainly it was as Sinon said, for the evil-god’s action patterns, it would be no surprise if it turned its attention to the players if they fired a spell or skill nearby, even if they did not cause any damage.
Unable to understand the reason, we bit our lips while looking at the scene, finally the large body of the elephant-jellyfish evil-god trembled and fell down on its side to the snowy field. At that point, the iron swords and the large spells rushed on——
“Hyrrrrrrruuuu……”
The elephant-jellyfish screamed in agony before its body turned into a large amount of polygon pieces and scattered away.
Kwoooo…… Tonkii made a sad sound again. Leafa, who sat on its head, was trembling, and on her head, Yui also faced downward with a sad expression.
Unable to find any words to comfort Leafa and Yui, my glance remained fixed on the raid party down below.
Suddenly, my eyes widened in surprise.
The four armed giant that was not under tame, incitement, or dazed state, raised its foot and roared in victory; the several dozen players also lightly made a guts pose, then both sides started to move to claim the new target.
“W..Why don’t they fight each other!?”
A hoarse voice leaked from Asuna who was beside me, she then seemed to notice something and lifted her face,
“Ah……there, look!”
She pointed at the hill on the far right side. The battle effect also flickered violently from there. I focused my eyes and could see the large group of players, this time with the assistance of two humanoid evil-gods. It looked like they were hunting the alligator type evil-god with many legs.
“What the heck is going on here……?”
To Klein’s confused question, Lisbeth murmured in a low voice,
“……Maybe it was what Asuna said above just now, the new slaughter type quest in Jötunheimr……? The assistance from the humanoid evil-gods to exterminate the animal type evil-gods……it seemed……”
“…………!”
Upon hearing that, all of them inhaled at the same time.
It was probably so. If it was during the quest, it was possible to have a joint force with specific mobs. But what was the reason for the quest reward being related to the «Holy Sword Excaliber»? That sword was sealed inside the humanoid evil-god’s stronghold, which means, one couldn’t get it without defeating those humanoids……
Thinking up to this point, I looked up due to the reflection from the big ice pyramid above.
However, that was not where the source of light was. Because at the furthest end of Tonkii’s back, where no one sat, particles of light appeared without a sound, and condensed —— to produce a human shape.
The long garment in the shape of robe. The wavy blond hair flowing from the back to the feet. The lady with elegance and a transcendental beautiful face.
But a word surged out of my mouth, and at the same time, Klein’s, who had quickly turned around, which wasn’t supposed to be said to a woman.
“Hu…………”
“…………ge!”
However, that could be forgivable. The height of the lady was, based on our estimation, more than three meters.
Fortunately, the first words from the mysterious huge lady to us sounded like she didn’t appear to be hurt by our words, her serene expression remained as she opened her lips. The flowing voice, unlike that of a player’s, was tinged with a solemn effect.

“I am «Queen of the Lake» Urðr.”[5]

The huge blond onee-san continued talking to us.
“Ye fairies who bonded with our kin.”
Kin? I twisted my neck with doubt in my mind. It seemed those words were directed toward us, who were hovering on Tonkii, Is this lady the friend of those animal type evil-gods inhabited in Jötunheimr?, I thought that, but……
At that point I finally realized the huge lady who called herself «Queen of the Lake» in front of me was 100% not human. The skirt of her long blond hair was like tapered, divided, and undulated tentacles; The limbs inside the robe that could be seen were covered by pearly scales. Similar to Tonkii, the strange form of large creature which chose to borrow human appearance —— But even so, I was still impressed.
“To you, my two sisters and I have but one request. Please save this country from the invasion of the «Frost Giant Tribe».”
What I thought while listening to the story was Firstly, this giant lady is «What»?
The color cursor didn’t come out even when focusing on the vision, and it was certainly not the figure from a player’s enchanting spell. Was it a harmless event NPC? Was it a trap set by the aggressive quest Mob? Or was it an avatar controlled by a human GM? I couldn’t make a conclusion.
Then unexpectedly, I felt a modest weight on my left shoulder. And at the same time, in a cute whisper from Yui.
“Papa, that person is an NPC. But it’s a little strange. It seems not to talk based on the fixed response routine like NPC usually do. Its core program is connected to the language engine module.”
“……So, it’s a kind of AI then?”
“Yes, Papa.”
While thinking about what Yui said, I continued to listen to the lady’s story.
NPC —— the «Queen of the Lake Urðr» turned her pearly sparkling right hand toward the vast underground world and said,
“This «Jötunheimr» was once like your «Alfheim», with the blessings from the world tree Yggdrasil, covered in the beautiful water and greenery. We, the «Rock Giant Tribe» and those beast kin lived together in harmony.”
At the same time as those words, the surrounding scenery covered in snow and ice soundlessly shook and dimmed. Appearing as if it was a layer of illusion, was the scene in Urðr’s story. The world filled with plants, flower fields, and pure water. It could be said it was far richer than the Gnome or Salamander territories up above.
Even more surprising, behind Queen Urðr where the bottomless pit «Great Void» was, in this other world it wasn’t there. Instead, there was a lake filled with sparkling transparent water. The thickly huddled roots of the world tree from the canopy in this world reached the lake without spreading in other directions.
On the summit of the roots over the water surface existed houses made from logs, no, a town was probably more suitable. The scene was similar to the central capital Alne up on the surface.
Urðr lowered her right hand, and the illusory scene disappeared. The chilled ice world of Jötunheimr returned, she looked indifferent, but I might have imagined seeing her with sadness filled eyes, as she continued to speak.
“——In addition, on Jötunheimr’s lower plane, the country of ice «Niflheimr» existed. The land was ruled by the king of frost giant tribe «Þrym»,[6] he once transformed into a wolf and did infiltrate this country, then stole the Excaliber, «The sword which cut all of steel and tree», forged by the god of blacksmith Völundr[7] and threw it into «Urðr’s Spring» at the center of this world. The sword severed the thick roots of the world tree, and in that instant, Jötunheimr no longer received the blessings from Yggdrasil.”
This time Urðr lifted her left hand, and the illusory screen regenerated. We could only wordlessly watch the overwhelming scene.
The roots of the world tree which expanded over the surface of the huge lake —— «Urðr’s Spring», shook and floated over the surface, then shrunk toward to canopy. The town which was built atop the roots collapsed all at once.
At the same time, all the leaves of the tree fell, the grass withered, and the light faded. The rivers were frozen, the frost condensed, as a snowstorm raged. The huge amount of water in «Urðr’s Spring» froze momentarily and became the large mass of ice, which was wrapped and pulled up by the roots of the world tree as they retracted back into the sky. The large number of lake inhabiting creatures snapped off the ice mass and fell down. Among them was the elephant-jellyfish type, like the old Tonkii.
The roots of the world tree ascended and reached Jötunheimr’s canopy or Alfheim’s crust before long, and half of the huge ice mass it carried pierced into the canopy. That ice mass was no doubt, set up and honored as the «Inverted Ice Pyramid» in the current Jötunheimr. At the bottom-most of the ice mass, a sharp edged icicle, a glittering golden light could be seen. It was from the sword thrown by the frost giant king Þrym, the sword which severed the connection between the world tree and Jötunheimr, it was, without a doubt, Excaliber.
When all of the water was lost, the once beautiful lake turned to a huge bottomless pit.
Urðr lowered her left hand, causing the illusory screen to disappear. However, this time it didn’t make a large change to the scenery. The most change was the mass of ice in the sky, which had undergone restructuring into the linear dungeon. The existence of Excaliber at the bottom of that pyramid had also been confirmed by Leafa and me with our own eyes too.
“King Þrym’s subordinates, the «Frost Giant Tribe» is preparing a big plan to invade Jötunheimr from Niflheimr, many of us, the «Rock Giant Tribe», had been captured and imprisoned in the various fortresses and castles they had built. The king built the castle «Þrymheimr» in the large mass of ice once called «Urðr’s Spring», and ruled over this land from that castle. No longer having the power we once had, my two younger sisters and I had to escape to the bottom of a certain frozen spring.”
Urðr’s eyelids were half-downcast, she resumed the tale which was probably nearing the end. We had partly forgotten that she was an NPC, and the tale was just an in-game quest, wordlessly listening.
“The frost giant tribe wasn’t satisfied with just that, but also wants to massacre every one of my kin, the beasts living on this land. That way, my power will completely vanish, and it would allow Þrymheimr to float up to the plane above, Alfheim.”
“W-What! If it happens, Alne will be destroyed!”
Klein, who seemed to be deeply immersed into the story, yelled. The non-fixed response routine and partial AI, Queen Urðr nodded at Klein’s words and said,
“King Þrym plans to enclose Alfheim in ice and snow, then continue attacking until reaching the top of the world tree Yggdrasil, where the «Golden Apple» exists, his objective is to obtain that fruit.”
……Something like that exists up there? I thought for a moment, then suddenly realized, near the summit of the world tree, there was an impossibly strong eagle, a named mob, guarding an inaccessible area. It could be possible that the golden apple existed inside.
Urðr gazed at the ground, her eyebrows still bated with sadness.
“Being irritated by being unable to easily destroy my kin, Þrym and the frost giant generals started to use the power of ye fairies. Inviting them to hunt my kin, using Excaliber as a reward. However, it is not possible for Þrym to bestow the sword to others. Once Þrymheimr loses Excaliber, the blessings from Yggdrasil will return to this land, and that castle will melt.”
“Eh……then, then, Excaliber as the reward is all lie!? Is it possible to have a quest like that!?”
The queen generously nodded at Lisbeth’s wild voice and said,
“When the god of blacksmith Völundr forged the sword, he discarded the one in which he slipped when striking with the hammer, which looks just like Excaliber, but it is actually the «Fake Sword Caliburn». Þrym is probably going to give that fake sword as the reward, while it is strong enough, it doesn’t possess the true power of the real one.”
“S-Sly……is it alright for the king to do this……?”
Leafa murmured in confusion. Urðr nodded again and exhaled deeply.
“That cunning is Þrym’s strongest weapon. But he was too impatient in destroying my kin, and committed one mistake. In order to cooperate with the fairy warriors they lured in using the fake reward, almost all of the giant subordinates are down on the ground. So, the defense in the castle is now thin.”
Arriving at this point, I finally realized the future of this quest —— no, this «queen’s request».
The queen of the lake Urðr stretched forth her large arm toward «Þrymheimr» in the air and said,

“Ye fairies, please invade Þrymheimr and remove Excaliber from its «Plinth».”

Part 3
“……Somehow, that was an amazing tale……”
Was the first thing Asuna murmured after «Queen of the Lake Urðr» melted into shiny water droplets and disappeared. Tonkii ascended again —— this time gradually.
Her words were followed by Sinon’s, who seemed to have recovered her thoughts, talking as she moved her light blue tail,
“This is…a normal quest……right? But isn’t this assignment, the story too great? ……Once all the beast type evil-gods had been annihilated, the frost giants will invade the surface next, did she say this?”
“……Yes, she did.”
I nodded, then twisted my neck while folding my arms.
“But, would the management’s side go that far without any updates or event notices? For any other MMOs, any «Boss Invasion Event» would normally come with at least one week of advance notice though……”
Everyone nodded in agreement.
Then, Yui who sat on my left shoulder flew to hover in the middle of us and said in a volume everyone could hear,
“Well, This might be just a guess, but……”
With a slight pause as if to think about what to say, she then continued,
“——This «ALfheim Online» has one major difference from other standard VRMMOs from «The Seed». That is, the game operation isn’t based on the feature reduced version of the «Cardinal System», but uses the same full specs version as the one used in the old «Sword Art Online».”
That was certainly correct. It wasn’t a story I wanted to remember, but ALO was created by a man whom was possessed by greed, in order to use some of the old SAO players in his illegal research, he copied the whole original SAO server. So the autonomous system operating the world «Cardinal» in ALO has the same capability as the one used in SAO, of course.
Yui looked around at our attentive listening faces, then added,
“The original Cardinal System has a few functions which had been cut out in the shrunk version. One of them is the «Automatic Quest Generation Function». It will collect legends and folklore of the world through the network, and continue to generate infinite amount of quests using proper names and story patterns.”
“W-What?”
Klein’s stubbly jaw dropped abruptly as he groaned.
“That means, that disastrous quest from pacific we did in Aincrad was created by system-sama?”
“……I can recall too many of them. At the time we reached the 75th floor, just those listed in the quest database of the information shop exceeded ten thousand……”
At one time, in order to earn the management fund, the guild had to seriously take on many of those quests, the KoB sub-leader said as she shook her head. Silica who was next to her stared to the distance and muttered,
“Also, I could hear this sometimes-myo. It was probably on the 30th floor, the slaughter quest to kill the ogres wearing strange masks and using chainsaws, but no matter how many times they were killed, the next week the quest would pop up on the bulletin board again. What legend did it come from though……”
For quests like those, I too have a lot in my memories, but at this rate, until we reach the ice pyramid, it’d be a meeting to complain about old Aincrad. So, in order the steer the topic back, I cleared my throat and said,
“That said, Yui, is this quest also created by the Cardinal System?”
“Judging from the behavior of the NPC earlier, the probability is high. It might be possible that the automatic quest generator that stopped until now had been restarted from the management’s side.”
Yui continued with a difficult face after she nodded to my question.
“If the story keeps progressing like this, the situation will end up in the worst state. That ice dungeon floats up to Alfheim above, Alne collapses, the evil-god class monsters popping up on the surface…… No, even worse……”
Her lips closed for a moment —— the AI girl then continued with a frightened expression,
“……According to the data in my archive, as ALO has included parts of the Norse mythology in the quest, it’d certainly lead to the so-called «The Last War». Not only do the frost giant tribe from Jötunheimr and Niflheimr invade, but those from the lower plane «Muspellsheimr», the flame giant tribe would also appear, and burn down the world tree…… That is……”
“…………«Ragnarök».”
Suguha —— Leafa, who loves legends and mythology, also has those kind of books in her room, said quietly. Immediately her emerald pupils widened and she shouted “But!”.
“Something like that…… The game system shouldn’t be able to completely destroy its own managed maps though……!”
What she said made sense. But Yui gently shook her head.
“……The original Cardinal System has the authority to completely destroy the map. Because, the old Cardinal’s final duty was to destroy the floating castle Aincrad after all.”
“………………”
This time we sank into complete silence, unable to say anything.
The next person who opened their mouth was Sinon, whom up till now was mostly listening.
“——If that «Ragnarök» really happened and it wasn’t the management side’s intention, isn’t it possible to do a roll back?”
“O……Oh, that’s it, that’s right.”
Klein nodded repeatedly. Simply speaking, «Roll back» was used to overwrite the current situation with backup data. It was mainly done when players gained unexpected benefits due to bugs or programming oversights. In this case, if Alfheim had been turned into scorched earth, although it wouldn’t affect individual player’s exp or items, nobody would want the whole place to be like Salamander territory’s «Burnt Land».
However, for some reason, this time Yui didn’t nod in agreement.
“It would be possible if the management’s side did backup all the data manually and kept the physical media in a separated location…… however, if they used Cardinal’s automatic backup function, depending on the configuration, it could be possible that the roll back would only affect player data and not include the fields.”
“………………”
Again, all members went silent for two seconds. Klein suddenly shouted “Oh yeah!” then opened the system window. But just after that, he held his head and said “No good!”.
“……What did you do?”
Lisbeth asked while turning to the katana user’s miserable face.
“Well, calling a GM, just wanting to confirm if they know about this situation . But it’s off hours for human support now……”
“End of the year, Sunday, in the morning too……”
I sighed, shook my head, then looked into the sky.
The huge ice pyramid was quite close now. It’s three hundred meters wide on each side, if it pierced up through Alne it would certainly cause a great clamor. While half of its population had migrated to «Yggdrasil City» at the top of the tree, Alne was still the raiding base for the advanced dungeons on Alne plateau, the central trading market for all races, along with its familiar crowded weekend nights, it was the town full of my profound memories.
“……When it comes down to this, there’s nothing but to do it, Onii-chan.”
Leafa held a big medallion hung on her right hand up high.
It was given by «Queen of the Lake Urðr», a cleanly cut large jewel was inlaid in it. But now, more than sixty percent of the cut surface had sunk into pitch black darkness, not reflecting any light.
When the jewel was dyed in total darkness, it meant all of the beast type evil-gods had been completely annihilated without a single one left, and Urðr would be stripped of all her power. At that time, «Frost Giant King Þrym»’s Alfheim invasion would begin.
“……That’s right. Initially we gathered today to raid that castle and get «Excaliber» anyway. It’s in our favor when the defense is currently weakened too.”
I nodded, then opened the system window and operated the equipment figure.
Long swords appeared hanging crossed on my back, one was humbly made by Lisbeth’s equipment shop, and the other was dropped from the 15th floor boss we defeated the other day in the new Aincrad.
Looking at my nostalgic back carrying two swords, Klein smiled from ear to ear and yelled,
“Alright! This is this year’s final big quest! I’ve decided, let’s get on the tomorrow’s front page of MMO Tomorrow!”
The target was somewhat realistic, so this time Lisbeth didn’t make a wry smile. “Oo―!” Everyone said in chorus, Tonkii under our feet moved its wings violently and cried “Krrr―n!”.
The aviation type evil-god increased its ascending speed and crossed the pyramid at once, its big body hovered along the entrance at the top of the pyramid. Leafa, who was the last person, jumped to the ice terrace, stroked Tonkii’s big ear and said,
“Just wait, Tonkii. We’ll surely take your country back!”
She then turned about and pulled the long sword hanging loosely on her waist. At the same time, we took our weapons out too, in front of the big twin ice gates which stood tall in front of us.
Just as Urðr had said, there was no first guardian here like always, and the doors began to open. Exchanging glances with each other, we quickly set up a formation, with the front row being Leafa, Klein, and I; Lis and Silica were in the middle, while on the back row were Asuna and Sinon, we kicked the ice floor to begin running, and broke into the huge castle «Þrymheimr».
In ALO, the upper limit of a party size was, strangely, seven people. The reason why it didn’t use six or eight like most other titles, until now, has never been officially told. That way, the maximum size of a raid party was 7x7 or forty nine people. The currency obtained from the monsters would automatically be distributed by the system function, as manual distribution would be very troublesome to calculate.
Well, from the seven people slot, if filled with only close friends, five would be pretty much fixed. With Asuna, Lis, Silica, Leafa, and I. All were high school students, furthermore, four went to the same school, and two even lived together, so the timing was easy to set.
The sixth and seventh slots could still be smoothly filled up, by the company employee Klein, coffee shop and bar master Agil, the senior bureaucrat Chrysheight, or Leafa’s real life friend Recon. Recon was also a high school student, he was part of the olden day’s «Yggdrasil Capturing Operation» and had been recruited by the Sylph lord Sakuya to help with scouting duty. Currently he was a permanent member of the Lord manor staff in Swilvane town, I had played together with him for a brief period of time when Aincrad was over the sky of the Sylph territory.
This time, I was glad the slot was filled with the bow user I met in GGO —— Sinon, however, there was still one unresolved problem for the party.
It was the lack of a mage. The only permanent member who had increased their magic skill was Undine Asuna, and as half was spent on her thin sword skills, her master leveled skills were only for support and recovery purposes. Leafa was also a spell fencer but her spells were only for enfeebling during combat. Then Silica had a little magic but her main focus was on support duty; Lis, of course, had spent more than half of her skills on smithing; Agil also had more than thirty percent on trading skills; then Klein and I had all our skill points focused on physical close combat, the so-called «Brain muscle» type. There was no one capable of casting attack spells.
Occasionally, when Recon, the Sylph dagger wielder with a mysterious build of very high dark magic; or Chrysheight whose freezing attack magic was at the lord class; joined as the seventh slot, the flexibility in combat was much wider. So lacking the fire power of a mage was really our weak point.
But that couldn’t be helped. Because most of us had migrated from SAO —— a world where magic didn’t exist. My one-handed straight sword, Asuna’s thin sword, Lis’ war hammer, Silica’s dagger, Klein’s katana, Agil’s axe, then Leafa’s long sword and Sinon’s bow, were all not just mere weapons, but could be exaggerated into considering them as proof of our existence. At this point, discarding our weapons to raise our magic skill was already impossible. Even knowing it wasn’t efficient, but all we could do was to trust our battle style that focused on physical attack, we managed to come this far with it anyway.
Still, we encountered dangerous situations occasionally.

“This is bad, Onii-chan, that gold one has high physical resistance.”
Leafa at my left side whispered quickly.
Before I could say anything after nodding to Leafa, «That gold one» brandished its extraordinary huge battle axe up high.
“Shock wave attack in two seconds! one, zero!”
Yui who sat on my head exuded a loud voice despite her small body. Following the countdown, the five people from the front and middle rows split up to the left and right, creating a gap. The blade of the axe swung roaring down, and created a shock wave, cut in a straight line, which passed through the gap and hit the wall on the other side violently.
It had already been twenty minutes since we broke into the ice castle «Þrymheimr».
It was just as «Queen of the Lake Urðr» said, the number of the enemies inside the dungeon was quite thin. The encounter rate of the small fry mob was almost zero. Half of the floor’s sub-bosses were also absent. However, the boss defending the hall in front of the stairs to the lower floor was there as expected, it was time to show our overwhelming attack power to the boss which once forced Asuna, Leafa, and I to say “No way―!”.
Nevertheless, we somehow defeated the one-eyed boss on the first floor without twisting our hands, ran through the second floor, and managed to reach the boss room again, however——
What awaited for us there was the giant humanoid with the head of a bull, a large evil-god of the so-called «Minotaur» type. Moreover, there were two of them, the one on the right had its whole body in pitch black, the body of the other one on the left glittered with gold, the weapons they both used were battle axes with blades as large as dining tables.
As the first floor’s Cyclops boss was defeated easily by the icicle in the center of the room, even without magic attacks, I first thought that we were fine, but there was one problem. Apparently, the black one resisted magic, while the gold one would be physical resistant, and thinking that it was fine resulted in an unexpectedly high price to pay.
Then we should defeat the black quickly and after that, attack the gold with carefully set up battle tactics; however, the two bull heads, unexpectedly, seemed to be connected by strong bonds, when the black’s HP decreased, the gold would ignore the hate and come to protect it. During that time, the black behind it would curl up its body, it seemed to be some form of meditation power that could recover its HP.
After they did that once, we concentrated our attacks on the gold while the black was meditating, but as it had high physical resistance, its HP barely decreased. And of course we had problem with our HP, even though we could avoid the instant death attacks, the ranged attack’s splash damage was impossible to avoid; with the healing only by Asuna, it was obvious she wouldn’t be able to support us for long.
“Kirito-kun, at this pace, my MP will only last for about one hundred and fifty seconds!”
I heard Asuna shout from behind me, so I held up my right hand sword in reply.
In such an endurance battle, if the healer’s MP ran out, what awaited the party was total annihilation —— in other words a «Wipe». If someone managed to survive, it was possible to collect and resurrect the Remain Lights one by one, but it would require a lot of time and effort. However, in case of a wipe, of course we would have to restart from the save point in Alne. But the problem was how much time we had left——
As if she could read my concerns, Leafa who was next to me whispered again.
“The medallion is more than seventy percent in darkness now, we won’t have enough time if we «Death warp».”
“Understood.”
Nodding, I deeply inhaled and enclosed it in my stomach.
If this was the old Aincrad, I’d issue a withdrawal without a second thought. In that world «Betting on the possibility» was not allowed. But now in ALO, it was no longer a Death Game. Even if the Cardinal System turned the entire Alfheim into a scorched field, it would affect only one thing, which was the «game enjoyment». So in this case, I had to believe in my companions strength.
“Everyone, when it comes down to this, there’s only one thing we can do!”
Avoiding the gold Minotaur’s axe swing and affirming the gauge of the black Minotaur recharging its HP in the back, I shouted,
“This is all-or-nothing, concentrate our attack using Sword Skills on the gold!”
«Sword Skill».
Just that, was the game system that distinguished the former SAO from the others.
In March of this year with the «Aincrad implementation update», the management team had introduced Sword Skills into ALO. However, there were some modifications, one of them was the «Additional damage property». The current high ranked Sword Skills no longer have only pure physical property, but are equipped with magical properties of earth, water, fire, wind, darkness, or holy. Therefore, it would be able to pass through the gold Minotaur’s high physical resistance.
Of course, there were risks involved. Most of the consecutive Sword Skills had a long stun duration after finishing the move. If we took a direct hit from those battle axes in that time period, the HP gauge would be completely reduced to zero. There was a case where the front and middle rows could be instantly eliminated from the horizontal ranged attack as well.
However, everyone understood those risks and nodded immediately.
“Oh yeah! That’s what I’m waiting for!”
Klein, at the right wing, held his beloved katana high above his head. Jumping to my left was Leafa who also set up her long sword at her waist. At my back, Lis and Silica tightened their grip on their weapons in preparation.
“Silica, use «Foam» on the count of three! ——Two, one, now!”
I instructed based on the gold’s action, Silica then shouted,
“Pina, «Bubble Breath»!”
Normally, issuing a command to the pet didn’t ensure one hundred percent success rate regardless of the taming mastery. But I have never seen Pina ignoring Silica’s command before. This time too, the small dragon dancing in the air above Silica opened its mouth and released rainbow colored bubbles.
The bubbles slipped through the air and burst in front of the gold bull’s nose which was preparing its big attack using its battle axe. The bull with weak magic resistance went under a confusion effect for just a second, and stopped its movement.
“Go!”
As a response to my shout —— all the party member’s weapons aside from Asuna’s went into dazzling multi-colored light effects.

Why did the floating castle Aincrad’s creator Kayaba Akihito create the system of «Unique Skills» with such deviated power?
Until now I still couldn’t grasp the real reason behind it.
The skill «Holy Sword» that person possessed could be clear example. Being the leader of the strongest guild Knights of the Blood, the paladin who stood in front of many players with his absolutely unbreakable crossed shield, and those legends would be turned up-side down at the 95th floor, when that man would turn himself into the worst demon king of all RPG last bosses in existence.
In that moment, the «MMORPG with the main story driven by player’s action» would be realized. An Incarnating Radius —— realized world. In order to achieve his purpose of the world creation, it was necessary for him to continue being the absolutely strongest paladin. Even with «Holy Sword» and «Immortality properties», he also had to depend on the irregular power that was the «Over Assist».
But if just the unique skill such as the holy sword were sufficient, it would not be necessary to have an MMO where ‘The Hero was the only one who could confront the demon king’. Of course, it would lead to a difference in the player’s battle power, which wouldn’t be appropriate based on the rules of fairness.
Yet, he still gave «Dual Blades» and probably a few other unique skills to the players.
Those abilities outside of rules resulted in the unequal distribution of the resources, that guy even understood that it could distort how the world would progress along his plan. In fact, during my duel with Heathcliff for Asuna’s withdrawal from the guild, if I didn’t have the «Dual Blades» skill, he could have won without having to use the Over Assist. Recalling that moment of irregularity caused me to realize Heathcliff’s true identity on the 75th floor. By giving me the unique skill, his imagined world —— his story had to end at just three-quarters of the way.
In ALO’s world, in the rare moments that I held two swords, I always had a thought in a corner of my mind, Why?
At the same time, there was also a bit of guilt. Of course, I defeated Heathcliff on the 75th floor —— It was a victory I didn’t regret. If the game hadn’t cleared at that point, the victims of the incident would certainly have increased even further. Among those might be people dear to me. Or perhaps, even myself.
However, I couldn’t stop thinking about it. ‘Was it alright like that?’ and ‘Mustn’t we climb to the 100th floor and fight with the demon king Heathcliff there?’ No, not ‘must’. It was what I wanted to do, it was just my egotism, the worst egotism. That was why I hesitated equipping two swords in Alfheim.
——However, there was no «Unique Skill» in this world. The new management team had verified the enormous number of sword skills and removed some suspicious conditional skills from the system —— rumors said about ten skills were removed.
So I couldn’t use the dual wielding sword skills such as «Double Circular» and «Starburst Stream» anymore. While I could reproduce its movement without System Assist to ninety-nine percent, and I had proven it against both human and monsters, however, it couldn’t be used here. Because my self-made dual wielding skill version, although it could reproduce the technique’s power, it didn’t contain any magical attribute, so it was ineffective against the high physical resistance gold Minotaur.
However, «Using one handed sword skills while equipped with two swords» had one advantage —— as Leafa said «A lead tipped shinai was like terribly cheating a hundred fold».

Being hit by the special move «Bubble Breath» from the little dragon Pina, the gold Minotaur was stunned for about a second, in front of it was me, Klein was on the right, Leafa on the left, and from both sides Lis and Silica were also there, we all charged in at the same time.
“U……ooo!”
Everyone roared, then drew the highest leveled sword skills we learned. Klein’s katana was wrapped with a rampaging flame, Leafa’s long sword created a flashing gale, Silica’s dagger had water spray moving around it, Lis’ mace emitted a groaning lightning flash. In addition to that, from behind, the arrows glowing with its ice arrowhead flew in rapid succession, accurately piercing at the tip of the nose which seemed to be the bull’s vital point.
At the same time, my right handed sword glowed in an orange light, and I assaulted it with all my power.
Five high-speed continuous thrusts then cut downward, upward, before another full force upward cut. The one-handed sword eight combo sword skill «Howling Octave». Its attributes were forty percent physical and sixty percent fire. Within the one-handed sword category, it was in a high tier. So of course, the stun after the move —— the skill delay was also long, however,
“…………!!”
With a voiceless yell, my consciousness had detached from my right hand after releasing the attacks. The movement command output from my brain to the AmuSphere was to cut off everything for a moment. My next command was to start transmitting commands to the left hand.
The right hand was on the auto-pilot thanks to the System Assist, it went on with the final upward cut. And, parallel to it, my left hand moved, drawing the sword backward. The blade released bright blue lighting.
The right sword made a deep cut at the exposed abdomen of the bull headed humanoid. Originally, this would impose a delay, causing my avatar to become rigid. However, the parallel activation of the sword skill of the left sword had overwritten the delay. The slash drew a horizontal arc and cleaved at the bull’s right abdomen.
It was not normal for my body, no, my left and right half of the brain to think of separate things at the same time. But here, my consciousness stopped its integration to the sword skill, leaving the right hand’s skill to the System Assist, while concentrating on the left hand.
The sword causing the horizontal cut and buried in the enemy avatar rotated ninety-degrees. I then pushed down on the grip in my hand, the blade jumped up and dissected the enemy vertically from the belly. Once the blade exited, this time I slashed down from above. It was the three hit heavy attack, effective against large type monsters, «Savage Fulcrum». Fifty percent physical and fifty percent ice.
On the verge of finishing the attack from the left hand——
I switched the output from my brain once again.
This timing, if it were too late or too early, could cause the skill to misfire, and cause the avatar to become rigid. The window of error allowed was less than one-tenth of a second. I noticed this skill combination by chance around three months ago, and I wouldn’t want to recall how much I have been practicing since then, but the success rate was still below fifty percent. With feeling and half praying, the sword in my right hand started to move.
“Ku……oo!”
Mounted on a short fervor, the blade glowed in light blue. From the vertical cut without a backward motion, then up and down combination, followed by a full powered upper cut. A high speed four hit combo «Vertical Square»——
Up until this point, the total number of hits was already fifteen. Approaching the number of a high rank Dual Blades’ skill. While it continued to be hit, the enemy would be under a delay so there was no need to think about the defense.
When Vertical Square started, the skill delay of my companions were already over.
“Zeeryaaaaa!”
It was obviously a war cry from Klein, as the second wave of concentrated attacks engulfed the gold Minotaur. The dungeon floor trembled, a large amount of the enemy’s HP gauge was suddenly shaved off.
Just before the final upper slash, I challenged the fourth «Skill Connect» without any hesitation.


This didn’t mean that any one-handed sword skill was suitable to lead in. The movement by the System Assist, and the movement of the non-attack arm, all needed to be in continuous motion to the next skill.
At the time the Vertical Square from my right hand unleashed, my left arm was folded toward the shoulder. From there, with just a slight twist of my body, the «pull the shoulder carrying the sword, the other hand moves forward» form was completed. The sword in my left hand was wrapped in a crimson light effect. The blade roared like a fighter jet and approached from behind, my arm shot out at an ultra high-speed. A heavy single strike attack «Vorpal Strike». Thirty percent physical, thirty percent fire and forty percent darkness.
Zgaaan!, a loud burst of sound emitted out, the sword penetrated the enemy’s abdomen. The huge body five times my size was knocked back violently. At that time, the second attacks from Klein and the others were already completed. This time, everyone’s avatar, including mine, was struck by the long skill delay.
The HP gauge of the gold Minotaur stained in deep red and decreased toward the left edge——
Then stopped and was left with only two percent remaining.
A cruel smile emerged from the bull head. The enemy had recovered from the delay, it drew its huge axe back horizontally. That must be a ranged attack using a high speed revolution which would result in an instant death if hit. A “jump back!” command resounded in my awareness, but my body wouldn’t follow. The axe heartlessly shone, the whirling wind occurred at the boss’ feet.
“No……oooooo!”
While my spirit screamed sharply, a blue gale ran past from my right side. The rapier held in its right hand released five consecutive thrusts at a speed so high our eyes couldn’t see it. It was the high ranking extreme speed thin sword skill «Neutron». With the damage properties of twenty percent physical and eighty percent holy, the remaining HP of the gold Minotaur, who was readying itself to swing its axe, was silently robbed.
The movement of the evil-god halted. From behind, the black Minotaur which had completed its HP meditation brandished its axe in triumph. However, the partner who had been protecting it up until now was screaming in a high pitched sound —— its huge body blasted in all directions with a stiff sound effect.
…………Eh.
The eyes of the black Minotaur widened in surprise, and looked at the seven people who had recovered from their skill delay.
“……Alright, in front, that’s the seat of honor.”
Klein said quickly while baring his teeth.

Part 4
The katana user finished off the black Minotaur evil-god by stabbing it with his special skill, as if releasing the grudges he had kept up to this moment. Not paying any attention to the drop items on the spot the enemy avatar had burst apart, he turned around and yelled,
“Oi Kiritard! What did ya do just now!?”
That question obviously referred to my usage of one-handed sword skills while equipped with two swords, and explaining in detail would be very troublesome, so I obeyed my inner thoughts and said while giving my most troubled face,
“……Do I have to say it?”
“’Course! After seeing something like that!”
It seemed I had pressed Klein’s curiosity button, and since it was unavoidable, I answered briefly,
“It was a skill outside the system, «Skill Connect».”
Oo―, was the sound which flowed out of Lis, Silica, and Sinon mouth; suddenly Asuna pressed her fingertips to her right temple and growled,
“Um……somehow, I got a strong feeling of Déjà vu……”
“It’s just your imagination.”
I shrugged my shoulders and clapped my hand on our healer-sama’s back, whom despite her support duty in the back row, had sneaked in during the battle with the gold Minotaur to deliver the killing blow.
“This is not the time for relaxed talk. Leafa, how much time do we have left?”
“Ah, right.”
After sheathing her long sword in its scabbard behind her waist, Leafa held up the medallion hanging from her neck. From a few steps away, I could see that the light within the jewel was almost completely lost.
“……At the current pace, we still have an hour or two.”
“I see. ——Yui, this dungeon structure has four floors right?”
I continued asking, so the little fairy sitting on my head the whole time responded clearly,
“Yes, the third floor is around seventy percent of the second floor size, the forth floor should be mostly the boss room.”
“Thank you.”
Stretching my right hand, my fingertips stroked my hair while I quickly considered the situation.
At this moment, in the Jötunheimr field far below us, the players accepting the «Frost Giant Tribe» side’s quest and the hunting of the beast type evil-gods had gained momentum. The number of quest participants would only increase and not decrease. The remaining time was estimated to be around an hour. The battle with the last boss —— probably «King Þrym» himself —— should take about thirty minutes, we wouldn’t be able to move to the third and forth floor within thirty minutes.
If there were a little more time, we could explain the situation to the players on the field, asking for their assistance in revoking the ongoing quest, but at this moment we didn’t have enough time to go back to the ground. The other alternative was to message the fairy lord requesting reinforcements, but organizing a force in the capital city beyond the mountain range, moving it to the Alne plateau, and reaching Jötunheimr from the dungeon stairs, by the time they did them the sun would have set.
In other words, with just seven people, we were in a hopeless situation. —— Or rather, factoring in the failure of «Queen Urðr»’side quest from the Cardinal’s automatic quest generator function, Þrymheimr castle would surface on Alfheim, and trigger the start of a large-scale campaign quest «Ragnarök». The fault was obviously the character who inherited its function from its creator.
Anyway——
“……In that case, I don’t care if it’s the king of the evil-gods or not, we will just «Smash» him for good!”
Lisbeth said that with a slap on my back, the rest of them altogether went “Oo!” in agreement. Where did they get that recklessness from? While thinking that, I strongly nodded.
“——Alright, everyone’s HP and MP have fully recovered right? Then let’s clean up the third floor quickly!”
The combined voice echoed once more, seven people then kicked the floor, and started running, aiming for the boss’ room on the lowest floor, which was visible through the ice.

Just as Yui said, the third floor was clearly narrower than the second floor. It was natural for the lower parts of an upside down pyramid, but this place was quite a narrow and also had a complicated passage. For a normal clearing, we would be confused by the gimmick of the paths, but we had, enshrined on my head, the Navigation Pixie-sama which could give the latest model of an intelligent car navigation system a run for its money.
Our trump card accessed the map data, and with her instructions, we could run through the winding passage at full speed. Even the gimmick puzzles using levers, gears, or stepping switches were cleared without any time used to solve them. If this affair were to be observed from the outside, there would be no mistake for them to think that we were doing a time attack for the fastest clearing.
We ran into the sub-boss twice, but we still reached the boss room of the third floor in only eighteen minutes. What awaited us there had twice the size of the Cyclops and Minotaur from the previous floors, both sides of its long lower body had ten pairs of centipede-like feet, it was clearly the creepy evil giant, but it didn’t have much physical resistance. Of course its attack power was through the roof, so the HP gauge belonging to Klein and me were in the red so many times after being targeted by it. This battle, which made my stomach sore later, when I thought that either of us dying would lead to a wipe, went on for nine minutes.
During that time; Lis, Silica, Sinon, and Pina tried their best to cut down the giant’s feet one by one, I then finished it off with the «Skill Connect» which included multiple sword skills once it was unable to move. With our high spirits, we rushed into the fourth floor to beat King Þrym and his Niflheimr. Once we stepped into the passage leading to the boss room, we stopped, as in front of our eyes —— a scene came into view.
It was a cage made of elongated icicles on the wall’s edge.
Behind the fence caused by the stalactite growing sharply from both the ground and the ceiling, was a single figure. It was not of a giant’s size. As it had collapsed on the ground, its accurate size was difficult to tell, but its body should be about the same height as the Undine Asuna’s.
The skin was as white as the powdery snow lying thick around. The long flowing hair was a deep brown gold. The volume of the chest covered by the clothing that could be seen from her sorry state, it would be best not to say this out loud, as it could easily overwhelm all of our girl members. Both her hands and feet were shackled in the rugged ice.
The unexpected scene caused us to halt and feel worried, then the captive girl’s shoulders made a sudden but subtle shake, as she lifted her face, with the blue chains ringing.
Her pupils were also of the same tea gold, like her hair. Her face, if it was a player avatar, would surely be because of overwhelming luck when it was created, or the account was bought with the large sum of money. However, her face was sublimed with the western European beauty, which was quite rare in this game.
Blinking once, her long eyelashes moved down then up, the girl said in a fine voice,
“Please…… Help me……out of here……”
The katana user was sucked aimlessly toward the ice cage, I grabbed and pulled the bandana tail which dangled from behind his head.
“It’s a trap.”
“Trap.”
“That’s a trap.”
The last two were Sinon’s and Lis’s words.
Klein straightened his back and turned around, as he made a subtle expression while scratching his head.
“O-Oh……it’s a trap. ……A trap, right?”
For the katana user on his death bed’s sake, I asked in a small voice, “Yui?”. The pixie on my head promptly replied,
“It’s an NPC. Just like Urðr-san, there is connection to the language engine module. ——But, there is one difference. This person has the HP gauge enabled.”
Normally, the HP gauge of the quest giving NPCs would be disabled to prevent them from taking damage. The exceptions were, when the NPC was the escort quest’s objective, or the NPC was actually——
“A trap.”
“It’s a trap.”
“I think it’s a trap.”
Asuna, Silica, and Leafa said at the same time.
His eyebrows made a 八 shape, his eyes widened, and his mouth was pursed; I patted Klein’s shoulder who was stiff in those complex expressions and quickly said,
“Of course it could be possible that it isn’t a trap, but now we don’t have time for trial and error. We need to reach Þrym’s place as early as possible, even if it is a second sooner.”
“O……Oo, hmm, well, that’s right, yeah.”
Klein nodded slightly and moved his glance from the ice cage.
When we ran until just a few steps before reaching the stairs, the voice came again from behind,
“……Please…… anybody…………”
——To be honest, I also had the urge to help her, as I didn’t think that NPCs were merely the system’s automatically generated moving objects, but dwellers living in this world. If this was in a normal quest progression, helping that girl, accompanying her, and as the story progressed until the end, hearing her laugh from behind, “Uhahahaha, you fool―”, would still be amusing. However, we were not in the situation to take that unnecessary risk now. Just for this fact Klein would certainly——
The sound of footsteps on the ice which was aligned nicely up to this moment had one which was no longer synchronized.
The tall and thin body of the katana user turned around, his hands clenched and head facing downwards. He said in a low voice from his stubbly bearded mouth,
“……It’s a trap. I understand it’s a trap. ————But, even it’s a trap. Even knowing it’s a trap……”
Then he suddenly lifted his face up, it might have been my imagination but I saw something thin and blur on his eyes.
“Still……no matter what, how could I leave this person behind! Even……even if it leads to the failure of the quest…… leads to Alne’s destruction ……even with all those, I’d still help her here, this is, this is my way of life —— for a bushidō like me!”
He then ran noisily back to the ice cage, as we watched Klein’s back, there were two thoughts ran inside our minds —— namely ——
…………He’s an idiot.
and,
Klein-san’s so cool!
However, which thought had a higher count was a question which will never have an answer.
Klein shouted “I’ll help you right now!” at the captive woman who supported her upper body with her hands, while grabbing his beloved katana with his left hand. At the next moment, he unleashed the iai sword skill «Tsujikaze» (Whirlwind), which destroyed one side of the icicle cage.

The girl rescued from the ice cage suddenly turned into a giant monster and attacked us —— fortunately, there was no ungrateful wretch like that.
With four additional flashes from Klein’s katana, the chain restraining her hands and feet were cut off, and the beautiful girl lifted her face weakly and whispered,
“……Thank you, Fairy Swordsman-sama.”
“Can you stand? Any injuries?”
Squatting down and holding his right hand out, Klein was completely «immersed» in it. Well, during a quest in a VRMMO, being immersed in the story was the right practice. I was the same too, giving it my all in order to fulfill Queen Urðr’s request to stop Giant King Þrym’s ambition, Klein just took one wrong step here. It was wrong, but, how to say it——
“Yes……, I’m fine.”


Nodding, the gold haired beauty stood up, but immediate stumbled lightly. Klein held his hand out like a gentleman to offer her support, then asked again,
“The exit is a bit far, could you go back alone, Nee-san?”
“…………”
To that question, the beautiful girl’s eyes looked downwards.
The «Automatic response/verbalize module engine» of the Cardinal System, to put it simply, was a system to answer ‘B’ if the player said ‘A’, but with extremely complex pattern lists. With the provisioning from advance prediction and learning functions, the NPC connected to the module could make a natural conversation with the player —— of course it was still artificial —— if observed carefully.
That module may have caused some breakthrough, but the automatic response NPC was still far from achieving the human-like «emotion» and unlimited «intelligence» of the little fairy Yui sitting on my head. While it was still a big difference from the fixed response NPC which replied with the same dialog no matter what was said, there were still many cases when the auto-response NPC was unable to understand player’s speech, forcing them to find the «correct question».
I thought this might be the case from the silence of the golden haired beauty, however, unexpectedly, she raised her face and said before Klein could ask a new question.
“……I cannot just flee from the castle like this. In order to reclaim the tribe’s treasure the Giant King Þrym had stole, I crept into this castle, but I was found and caught by the third gate guardian. I couldn’t leave without the treasure. If you would be so kind, would you please allow me to accompany you to Þrym’s room?”
“O……u……m……”
This time, Klein who held the «Man who lives bushidō life» banner was unable to find an immediate response and groaned awkwardly. Watching from several meters away, Asuna, who was next to me whispered quietly,
“Somehow, this is quite suspicious……”
“I think so too……”
I nodded in return, then Klein turned around from the girl, showed his sorry face to me and said,
“Oi, Kiri……”
“……Ah-well——, alright, alright. There’s no choice but to go along until the end. It isn’t 100% sure this is a trap anyway.”
With my answer like that, Klein grinned and declared in high spirits to the beautiful girl.
“Alright, let’s go nee-san! We’re sharing the same destiny, let’s kick Þrym’s butt together!”
“Thank you very much, swordsman-sama!”
At the same time the golden haired beauty clung to Klein’s left arm, as the party leader, a dialog window appeared in my vision asking for the permission to let the NPC join.
“Let’s hope Yui won’t say anything odd―”
While mumbling, I pressed the ‘Yes’ button on the window. On the upper left of my vision, below the mini HP/MP gauge of the party members, an eighth gauge appeared.
The beautiful girl’s name was [Freyja]. It was a name I wasn’t sure I had heard before. Her HP and MP were really high, especially her MP, which had a quite surprising number. She was probably a mage type.
Like this, if she stayed as our companion until the end, she could really be great help, and while I thought so, I glanced at the medallion on Leafa’s neck. The clean cut jewel seemed to be more than ninety percent in darkness now. The remaining time should be around thirty minutes, I inhaled deeply before speaking,
“From the dungeon structure, after descending those stairs it will probably be the boss’ room. The boss is certainly stronger than those we faced so far, we’ll just have to fight with our all. At the start, focus on defense while observing its attack patterns, and counter attack when there’s a chance. Be careful when the boss’ gauge changes to yellow or red as it might change its attack patterns.”
Looking at the nodding party members, I exclaimed in a strengthened tone,
“——Last battle, fly ahead with full throttle!”
“Oo―!”
With the third shout since the start of the quest; Yui on my head, Pina on Silica’s shoulder, and the golden haired beautiful NPC Freyja also raised their voices in chorus.

The width of the descending stairs increased as we went down, and the decorative objects on the surrounding pillars and statues became more gorgeous at the same time. The «approaching boss room and resulting map data would be larger» tradition from Aincrad was also present here.
Standing at the end of the path were two wolves carved into the massive ice gate. So this was the throne room of King Þrym. Even though we made sure there were no gimmicks in the surroundings, we still approached the gate cautiously.
The gate began opening to both sides automatically once we were about five meters away. The cold air, along with a difficult to explain pressure, came from within. Asuna began re-applying supporting magics, and with Freyja’s help, the maximum HP amount of all members were increased by an unknown buff.
Everyone made eye contact after confirming the numbers of buff icons below our HP/MP gauges. Then, we nodded and rushed in at once.
The interior was an extraordinarily huge space in both horizontal and vertical directions. The wall and floor were blue ice, like the rest of the dungeon. The purple fire swayed eerily on the ice candles. High up on the ceiling were chandeliers of the same color, lined up. But what grabbed our attention was the dazzling reflection from the left and right wall lined along the interior.
Gold. Gold coins and ornaments, swords, armors, shields, sculptures and furniture, all kinds of golden objects were piled up to a scale where it was impossible to count. As the insides of the room sank into darkness, the full extent of the treasure was entirely unfathomable.
“…………How much Yrd are all these worth……?”
Inside the room; Lisbeth, the only person who managed a player shop here murmured in a trance. But what was inside my mind was “With this much, your storage would surely explode!”, of course I didn’t say that to her.
On the right side of the party now standing still, would Klein still able to uphold his bushidō way of life? He walked aimlessly a few steps toward the treasure mountain. And, increased his speed as he approached the treasure——

“……A small bug is flying.”

The low frequency mutter could be heard from the dark open space deep within the room, causing the floor to tremble.
“I hear an annoying buzz. Where is it? I’ll crush the bad bug.”
Boom, the floor trembled. Boom, boom, the trembles approached, it sounded as if it were so heavy that it might break the ice floor.
Once it reached the lighting range, a human shape appeared.
Giant —— wouldn’t be a suitable word. The humanoid evil-god was huge even compared to the bosses we fought in this castle so far. Its height must be at least fifteen meters. Even if I jumped with full force, I wouldn’t be able to reach the knee of those giant tree trunk sized legs.
Its skin color was dull blue, like lead. Dark brown fur coiled around its arms and legs, and I wondered what kind of large animal the fur came from. A single part of the plate armor on its waist had the size of a small boat. While the upper part of the body was bare, the prosperous muscle looked as if it was able to repel any weapons directed at it.
Its muscular chest had its blue beard hung over it. Its head above it sank into a silhouette and we could only see its outline. However, the gold crown on its forehead and the blue and bleak blinking eyes below shone brightly in the dark.
In the old Aincrad, the system limit of the floor height was a hundred meters, the boss room inside the labyrinth zone was also under the same rule, it was unavoidable for all boss monsters to have vertical size in moderation. So up until now, I had no experience in fighting with an enemy which I had to look up to. As I couldn’t fly, how could I fight like this? The best I could do was cutting no higher than its shins.
While I was thinking about various things, the giant giant —— the double expressions are necessary to describe its size —— took another step closer, and laughed like a gong being hit,
“Hu, hu…… the Alfheim bugs? Creeping into this place under Urðr’s seduction? How about this, you small fry. Just tell me where that woman is hiding, and you can take the gold in this room with you, hmm?”
With the enormous body and the crown on its forehead, along with the speech just now, this guy was the «Frost Giant King Þrym», no doubt about it.
It was Klein who faced and replied to the great giant, who was an AI like Urðr and Freyja.
“……Heh, a warrior just needs to eat, sleep, and laugh! Don’t bother trying to tame us with a cheap invitation like that!”
While we made subtle expressions of relief from behind, as in front of us, Klein pulled his beloved katana from its scabbard.
With that signal, the rest of us took out our weapons as well.
They might not be the legendary class equipments, but all of them either carried the name of ancient class weapons, or were carved to a satisfactory level by the master smith Lisbeth. However, the daring smile under the long moustache of the Giant King Þrym didn’t fade due to the light from our weapons. Maybe it was natural, as our weapons to him were just slightly longer than toothpicks to him anyway.
The shining phosphorescence from the dark eye sockets glared at us from a very high place, the glance stopped at the eight person who stood there unarmed.
“……Ho, ho. Isn’t that Freyja-dono? Leaving the cage and coming here, does that mean you have already decided to become my bride, hmm?”
Klein suddenly turned around and yelled in a hoarse voice,
“B-Bride!?”
“Yes. That woman agreed to be my bride and came to the marriage in this castle. But on the eve before the banquet I caught her with the key to my treasury. So I put her in jail as punishment, hu, hu.”
——The situation became complicated, I tried to rearrange the thoughts in my brain.
The golden haired beauty, whose name was Freyja, had said “in order to reclaim the stolen tribe’s treasure, had crept into this castle.” a while ago. But thinking about it clearly, the castle Þrymheimr floating in midair had no windows and only had one entrance. So she decided to agree to a fake marriage to enter the castle without difficulty, then intruded into the throne room during the night to recover the treasure. But she was caught by the gate guardian and was chained up in prison as the result —— that kind of setting?
If that was the truth, then the possibility of being attacked by her from behind was low. But now the overall plot still couldn’t be pinned together. The quest’s sub-route was still confusing. First of all, of the nine fairy races of Alfheim, which one was Freyja’s «tribe»? And what was her stolen treasure?
Those kind of things should have been asked when she joined the party, but now there was no longer any time; while I was thinking about that, Leafa, who was my left wing vanguard, pulled my sleeve and whispered,
“Hey, Onii-chan. I somehow feel like I read this somewhere…… Þrym and Freyja…… The stolen treasure…… it was, hmmm, I’m certain……”
But before Leafa could finish, Freyja-san shouted with resolution from behind,
“Who would become your wife! Together with these swordsmen, we’ll defeat you and take back the treasure you stole!”
“Nu, hu, hu, those are strong words. As expected from Freyja-dono whose beauty and bravery is heard of even at the end of the nine worlds. However, snapping the noble flower would give me great pleasure…… after smashing these small bugs, I’ll love you deliberately, nuhuhuhuhu……”
As Þrym patted his moustache with his massive hand while issuing his speech, I doubted if this was really the plot written by the automatic quest generator, as the speech was really testing the limits permitted in a game for all ages.
All the girls in the battle formation made similar frowning expressions, as Klein stood in front, clenching his left fist as he shouted,
“Y-Y-You bastard! Watch your mouth! This Klein-sama will never let you lay a finger on Freyja-san!!”
“OuOu, I hear a sound of buzzing wings. Well, I’ll just subjugate you bugs first, as an advance celebration for the entire Jötunheimr becoming mine……”
Thump, the giant king suddenly stepped forward, its large HP gauge appeared on the upper right of my field of vision. Moreover, it was stacked three layers. Cutting that off would be very troublesome.
As the HP gauge of those evil floor bosses in the new Aincrad were invisible in order to frustrate the player’s mind, compared to those bosses, this battle’s pace would be much easier to grasp.
“——Come! Listen to Yui’s instructions and focus on avoiding at the start!”
Immediately after my shout, Þrym raised his huge rock-like right fist high up near the ceiling —— a blue frost storm wrapped its fist, then furiously swung down.

The last battle in Þrymheimr castle —— but probably —— was as expected, a large and fierce battle I had never experienced.
The King Þrym’s early attack patterns were punches from both fists, three continuous stomping using the right foot, an ice breath in a straight line, and twelve ice Dwarf soldiers from the floor.
The most troublesome was the creation of the Dwarves, which was taken care of from the back of the party by Sinon’s bow, cleaning them up in the blink of an eye by piercing their weak points with marvellous accuracy. The rest of the attacks were avoidable after observing its timing once, the counts from Yui also helped the three in the front row continue avoiding direct hits.
Once the defense was in place, it was finally the time to attack, however, this was certainly the hard part. As I had feared, our swords could only reach Þrym’s shins, and the thick fur protecting that area had high physical resistance, like the gold Minotaur. I took a small chance to attack it with a three hit sword skill, risking my HP to do so, but a low delay skill also had low attribute damage. The result was an unpleasant response, like hitting an indestructible object.
A great reassurance in this battle situation was the thunder magic attacks from Freyja-san. I certainly have no choice but to put all of my sincerity into saying “My bad!” to Klein later on. There was poor cooperation due to it being from a NPC, but with each occasional purple shower of lightning from behind, Þrym’s HP was certainly shaved off
We fought hard in the battle for ten minutes before the first HP gauge finally depleted, causing the giant king to make an overpowered roar.
“Pattern changed! Be careful!”
As I shouted, Leafa who was next to me said in a nervous voice,
“This is bad, Onii-chan. Only three lights remain in the medallion. We may have fifteen minutes left.”
“…………”
Þrym had three HP gauges. However, we took more than ten minutes to deplete one gauge. It could be said that cutting the remaining two gauges within fifteen minutes would be very difficult.
But, for this opponent, the «Skill Connect» wouldn’t work like it did when we were fighting the gold Minotaur. During monster delay —— or to say the delay occurring after its attack, «striking the weak point to create heavy concentrated damage» was needed. However, Þrym was weak to neither sword nor magic, so even if the sword skill connected four times, it wouldn’t be able to make much change to that amount of HP.
As if seeing the moment of my impatience——
Þrym suddenly inhaled a large amount of the air, inflating his chest like a bellows.
An overpowering wind occurred, sucking in the five people in the front and mid rows. It’s bad, this is surely the harbinger of a full force wide area attack. For evading, first of all, the sucking power of the wind magic must be neutralized. While I was thinking this, to my left, Leafa started reciting a spell.
But, there was probably not enough time once I noticed the enemy motion.
“Leafa, everyone, take defense!”
At my call, Leafa suspended the spell, crossed her arms in front and bent her body. All members took the same posture, in that moment,
From Þrym’s mouth, which had sent out a breath in a straight line many times up until this point, released a wide conal diamond dust.
The shining pale wind wrapped around us. The cold which penetrated Asuna’s buff made it feel like our skin was being torn off. Gin, gin, with a sharp sound, the avatars of five people froze at once. I tried to escape, but the thick shell of the ice completely locked my movements. Leafa, Klein, Lis, Silica with Pina being hugged tightly to her chest, and I turned into blue ice sculptures.
At the moment, our HP gauge still haven’t decreased. But we couldn’t feel at ease. As this kind of special skill would increase the damage taken in direct proportion to the time being suspended.
Þrym approached, then lifted up his massive right leg. Bad, pinch, danger. —— as I screamed in my mind, at almost the same time,
“Nuuu―!”
With a thick roar, Þrym stomped furiously on the floor. The violent shock wave from it swallowed us while we were still frozen——
Gaching! the frightening sound of breaking echoed throughout the hall, those of us covered in ice shattered. My eyes went dark due to shock. My body slammed hard on the floor while the damage effect light continued on.
At the edge of my vision, the top five of eight HP gauges suddenly turned to a deep red.

While the five vanguards got caught in Þrym’s large-scaled ranged attack, of course the three people in the back row weren’t just watching.
Our HP gauges were taken by nearly eighty percent when suddenly, a soft blue light rained down on us, healing our wounds. It was Asuna’s high ranked full recovery spell. The timing was perfect, which would be impossible to achieve without anticipating the occurrence of the damage and pre-casting the spell in advance.
However, in this game’s large-scaled recovery magics, most of them were of the «Heal over Time» type, which didn’t recovery all the lost HP instantly. So it’d be fatal if we were attacked again while our HP was still recovering.
Þrym stepped forward in order to deliver the final blow to us who finally stood up. The long beard that hung over its throat —— was suddenly pierced by a rapid succession of fire arrows blazing bright red, causing a big explosion. It was Sinon’s two-handed long bow sword skill «Explode Arrow». With ten percent physical, and ninety percent flame damage property striking the frost giant tribe’s weak point, his HP gauge clearly decreased.
“Munuuuun!”
Þrym raised an angry voice and changed his direction to target Sinon. The flashy attack on the enemy’s weak point from the back row’s damage dealers caused a massive amount of hate, taking over the hate of the vanguards, resulting in the enemy switching target was a mistake beginners always did; but of course, this wasn’t the case this time. Sinon acted as a decoy, knowing it would likely lead to her death, to buy us time for recovery.
“Sinon, give me thirty seconds!”
While shouting, I gulped down a recovery potion from my pouch. Next to me, the others also poured similar red liquids down their mouths. Pina, Silica’s partner, seemed to have narrowly survived because of its master’s guard skill. In this world, unlike Aincrad, there was a pet resurrection spell, but taking time to do so during a battle would be very difficult.
My vision switched between the irritatingly slowly increasing HP gauge, and the blue Cait Sith’s continuing to avoid Þrym’s fierce attacks. Even though Sinon had come to ALO not long ago, her body control was spectacular. In GGO, as a sniper who forfeited all defensive skills, running away was the only way if an attacker type approached, that experience was probably still with her now.
“……Prepare the attack.”
Removing my eyes off the HP gauge, which had finally came back up to eighty percent, I called my companions. Re-gripping both of my swords, I began to start counting, in that instant——
“Swordsman-sama.”
The sudden voice came from my side, I frighteningly turned my eyes.
Standing right beside me, was the person who was with Asuna just a moment ago, the eight party member —— Freyja.
The mysterious auburn pupils stared at me, and the AI-based NPC said,
“At this rate, defeating Þrym is not possible. My wish is but one, buried somewhere in this room, just my tribe’s treasure. With that returned, I’d regain my true power, and with that, be able to dismiss Þrym.”
“……T-True power……”
I spent a short moment lost in thought.
Then I reached my decision. This wasn’t the first time I feared Freyja-san regaining her full power and then assisting Þrym in attacking us. Also, if this endurance battle dragged on, the probability of quest failure due to insufficient time was high, which would lead to the catastrophe. In that case, I must lean on the remaining possibility.
“Understood. What kind of treasure?”
I quickly asked the NPC, and Freyja then spread her hands about thirty centimeters wide.
“It’s about this big, a golden hammer.”
“……Hah? H-Hammer?”
“Yes, hammer.”
I stared to Freyja’s face who had just returned the same answer, confused for half a second. At that time, Sinon, who was driven to the rear right wall of the throne room, took splash damage from Þrym’s attack, losing nearly twenty percent of her HP. Not being able to stand letting her to be the only target any more, I quickly said to Klein and Leafa,
“You go ahead to help her! I’ll follow soon!”
“Roger!”
The katana user shouted the single word and bolted out while raising a war cry. While listening to the sound effect of the group battle which shortly began, I looked around the vast throne room.
The bunch of shining gold objects were piled high up along the blue ice wall’s edge. How can I search for a single hammer among them? Certainly this might be the standard «searching for item» type of quest, but wasn’t the difficulty too high!?
Perhaps this quest was supposed to be taken by a raid party of thirty people. Without that much manpower, searching for a single item from this mountain of treasures seemed impossible.
“……Yui.”
With the feeling of wanting to rely on the Navigation Pixie on my head, I called her, to which she shook her head to the side in reply,
“Can’t, Papa. There is no location of the key item in the map data. It was probably randomly placed in the room once we entered. It seems that to discover the location of the item in question and hand it to Freyja-san is the key objective.”
“Is that so……uu……~~n……!”
I concentrated thinking so hard that smoke would have emitted out of my ears, but this time there was no idea coming out. Was there nothing but to bet on the one in ten thousands chance by digging from a nearby mountain of treasures?
At that time, Leafa who struggled in the battle nearby looked at me for a moment and shouted,
“Onii-chan! Use a thunder type skill!”
“T-Thunder……?”
My eyes widened in shock for a moment, but the next moment, I swung the sword in my right hand.
For me, who learned only the basic illusion spells, there was only one way to produce damage with thunder property.
“……Seyaaa!”
With a shout, I kicked the ground at full force and jumped. With a mid-air forward somersault, at the same time changing my grip on the sword to a backhand and thrusting my body downward. It was one of the few heavy ranged attacks in one-handed sword category, «Lightning Fall». Thirty percent physical and seventy percent thunder.
With the roar of dry thunder, the sword stabbed into the floor. From the center, blue-purple sparks shot out in all direction. I then lifted my body and quickly turned around, my glance was at the group of surrounding objects which had been mowed down——
“…………!”
I saw it. Deep within the mountain of gold, a purple light blinked briefly in response to the thunder I created. Clenching my teeth, I dashed to the upper left corner of the room. While looking at the huge chair on my right, which should be Þrym’s throne, I made a bodily dive into the mountain of treasure, discarding and throwing away the objects which would be very expensive——
“……Is this it!?”
Several seconds later, rolled out in front of my eyes, I stretched my hand to grab the meager item. It was a small hammer with thin golden handle and a bejewelled platinum head. As I grabbed and lifted it up, I could feel its frightening weight which could easily cause my avatar to sink into the ground. I put more force to lift it, turned around and shouted,
“Freyja-san, here!”
Then, due to a little impatience, I made a long throw using the built up momentum. I wouldn’t be able to complain if this deed raised the NPC attack flag. Fortunately, the golden haired beauty caught the extremely heavy hammer I threw at her splendidly with her thin and slender right hand.
But immediately, her body curled as if being affected by the added weight. The long wavy hair flowed, and her exposed white back trembled slightly.
……Eh, maybe it was the wrong item? Did I somehow pass something bad to her?
I started feeling impatient again —— then I heard Freyja-san’s low whisper,

“…………flowing…………”

Pari, a thin spark appeared in the air.
“……verflowing……it’s overflowing…………”
Somehow the odd speech seemed to match a beautiful witch more. Was it an error in the Cardinal’s language engine module? But even so, the voice seemed strange. The sleek and husky voice up until now changed to hoarse and low cracking voice.
PariPari, the sparks became increasingly violent. The golden brown hair floated up softly, and the edges of the thin pure white dress fluttered vigorously.
“Over……flowingggooooOOOOOOOOO————!”
The third shout that gushed out was completely unlike the previous Freyja-san. The bad feeling was like it came from a different dimension, in front of my widened eyes —— the muscle of the beautiful pure white limbs and back rose up like ropes. At the same time, the white dress was torn off into pieces and disappeared.
In that moment, Klein who was fighting behind the hall turned around by the activation of his secret skill «hyper sense». His eyes began open wide at the stark naked body of Freyja-san. But the next moment, his jaw dropped.
It was no wonder at all. The whole body of Freyja-san, which was clad in a lightning flash, started growing larger. Three meters…… five meters…… and still wouldn’t stop. The arms and legs were sturdy like big trees, the chest had been raised until it had exceeded Þrym’s. The hammer in the right hand had also increased its size in accordance to the owner. In a short time, it had reached such a size that even a Gnome heavy warrior wouldn’t be able to equip it, emitting intense lightning flashes in all directions.
At that point, the phenomenon that gave Klein and I the worst shock happened.
While facing down, from the cheek and jaw that became rugged and strong, appeared a golden brown and long, looong —— beard.
“It’s a……”
“Grandpa!?”
The scream of two men echoed throughout the entire room.
So, now, the imprisoned woman who would walk along the bushidō road with Klein no longer exists in this world. The body raised up with an overwhelming force, the fifteen meters tall giant, no matter how you looked at it, wouldn’t be less than forty years old, it was clearly a nice middle.
“OOO……OOOOO————!”
The giant old man released a roar that shook the entire hall with its electric shock-like bass, behind the hall, the King Þrym who had stopped moving turned around, then moved his right leg wrapped in the thick leather boots forward.
I fearfully moved my gaze toward the left edge of my vision, confirming at name carved in the bottom-most of the eight HP/MP gauges.
The letters which had formed [Freyja] just a little while ago had already changed shape.
[Thor]. That, was the name of our new companion.

Part 5
Even for me who was not very knowledgeable in myth and folklore, there were some of which I was somewhat familiar with.
In Norse mythology, the great god Óðinn[8], clown god Loki, and a well known —— god of thunder Þórr. Armed with the hammer to call thunder, the figure that defeated giants one after another had been the motif in many films and games.
This was that Leafa told me later, the proper episode in Norse mythology about «Þórr reclaiming the hammer stolen by the giant king Þrym». In that myth, Þórr had disguised himself as the goddess Freyja in order to trick Þrym into a false marriage, the disguise was almost exposed many times during the banquet, but the cunning of Loki had helped them pass through, finally he reclaimed the hammer and proceeded to kill every giant there except Þrym, it was a cruel story I had never known before this. It was probable that the Cardinal System collected the legend, then arranged it to be used as this quest’s sub route.
In other words, if one knew about this episode, once they heard the name Freyja, they would have immediately understood that she was not Þrym’s spy. So I was very thankful for Klein’s intuition and bushidō at the ice cage that helped Freyja out, however —— with Freyja’s «true identity» revealed, I wondered what his state of mind was like right now.
“Nuuu―n…… you despicable giant, your punishment for stealing my treasure «Mjölnir» will be given right now!”
The god of thunder Þórr brandished the huge golden hammer in his right hand, he rushed into battle using the momentum from kicking the thick floor.
The frost king Þrym standing opposite breathed onto both of his hands, creating a battle axe of ice there. Swinging the axe, he shouted in return,
“You small dirty god, you dare trick me! I’ll cut the beard from your face off and send you back to Ásgarðr![9]”
If we thought about it, Þrym truly believed that the Freyja just now was the real goddess, and was waiting eagerly for the wedding. Even though he was a bad guy, at least he had the right to be angry.
In the center of the open space, the gold moustached and the blue moustached giants shouted and exchanged blows with each other using the golden hammer and the ice battle axe. The impacts that were sent out shook the entire castle. Still not recovering from the shock of Freyja’s change into a giant —— no, into a grandpa, we stood around with eyes wide open in confusion, and before long, Sinon, who already finished recovering her HP, shouted sharply from the back of the room,
“Everyone attack now, while Þórr is the target!”
Yes, that was absolutely correct. There was no guarantee that Þórr would be able to fight until the end. I also swung my sharp swords and raised my voice.
“Alright, full attack! Use sword skills without holding back!”
Then, seven people kicked the floor and approached Þrym from all directions.
“Nuuooooooo————!”
Emitting exceptionally intense fighting spirit, with his katana raised high in his battle stance, it seemed there was something glittering at the corner of Klein’s eyes, but as mercy to the warrior I pretended not to see it. Without worrying about the skill delay, we continued using more than three-hit sword skills on both of Þrym’s legs. Asuna also changed from her wand to her rapier without me noticing, her god speed thrusting attack shook the Achilles tendon. Lisbeth beside her repeatedly hit Þrym’s little finger with the mace held in both hands.
“Gu……numuu……!”
Þrym let a growl leak while his body shook, and finally, his left knee hit the floor. A dazzling yellow light effect circled his crown’s perimeter. It was the stun condition.
“Now’s the chance……!”
According to my call, every member released their highest combo attack. Bright light effects covered the bare upper body of Þrym. In addition, from the sky, orange shining arrows poured down like rain.
“Nuuun! Return to the abyss, giant king!”
In the end, Þórr delivered the final blow by slamming the hammer in his right hand at Þrym’s head. The crown broke and flew off, and the boss monster that once seemed like an iron wall collapsed onto the ground with a loud crash.
Its HP gauge had already disappeared. The tip of its limbs and its moustache turned into ice as it made a creaking sound.
Its jet black eye sockets with the blinking blue phosphorescence faded and vanished. At that time, the tangled moustache moved, and a low laugh flowed out,
“Nu huhuhu…… you little bugs can enjoy your triumph now. But let your guard against the æsir down and you’ll see painful experience…… Because they are the true…”
Zumun! the sound of Þórr’s intense stomp exploded, he then tread onto the almost completely frozen Þrym.
A tremendously large scaled End Flame occurred, as the frost giant king turned into countless numbers of ice shards and scattered. Due to the pressure of the effect, we involuntarily held up our hands and took a few steps back, the god of thunder Þórr glared at the scene with his golden eyes from high above.
“…………Hmmm, I give you my thanks, Fairy Warriors. I was also able to wash away the disgrace of my treasure being stolen. ——Now, there must be a reward.”
He then lifted his left hand and touched the handle of the gorgeous giant hammer in his right hand. One of the inlaid jewels came out easily, emitted light and turned into a small, human-sized hammer.
Þórr then dropped the scaled down version of the real golden hammer to Klein.
“«Thunder Hammer Mjölnir», use it well in battle. And —— farewell.”
Þórr held up his right hand and the pale lightning immediately penetrated the wide open space. We closed our eyes reflexively, and when we opened our eyelids, he was no longer there. The member withdrawal dialog floated up, and the eighth HP/MP gauge soundlessly disappeared.
On the spot where Þrym had disappeared, a bunch of drop items rolled down like a waterfall, which then automatically disappeared into the party’s temporary storage.
At the same time, an intense light shone in the boss room, driving away the darkness. Regretfully, the mountain of golden objects by the wall also faded away. Well, all of our storage was almost full, so we couldn’t keep them anyway.
“…………Phew……”
I let out a small breath, then walked to Klein’s side, then placed my hand on his shoulder and said,
“Legendary weapon get, congratulations.”
“…………I don’t have any hammer skills though.”
Gripping the one-handed battle hammer glittering with an aura effect, the katana user who had a sad smile earlier returned to his usual energetic smile.
“Then, I’d be glad to give it to Lis. Ah― but don’t dissolve this into ingots……”
“Wait! No matter how many ingots I can get I won’t do something as wasteful as that anyway!”
Next to Lisbeth who was objecting, Asuna said seriously,
“But Lis, dissolving legendary items seems to yield a lot of Orichalcum ingots.”
“Eh, really?”
“O-Oi! stop talking about dissolving it already!”
Everyone laughed at Klein who shouted while hugging the hammer tightly to his chest——
At that moment,
The ice floor shook violently along with a heavy bass sound at such a high volume that it could shake the core of the body.
“Kyaa!”
Silica screamed with her triangular ears faced down. Sinon next to her, who had her tail bent into an S shape, shouted,
“It……it’s moving!? No, it’s floating……!”
I might be a bit late, but I noticed too.
The giant castle Þrymheimr shuddered like a living thing, and seemed to rise slightly, little by little. Why is this —— no —— could it be, when I thought until this point,
Leafa took a peek at the medallion under her neck then gushed out in a high-pitched voice,
“O……Onii-chan! The quest is still ongoing!!”
“W……What!?”
Shouted Klein. It was the same feeling I had. With the chief of the frost giant tribe dead, normally the quest would have been completed too —— but, my memory started recalling what «Queen of the Lake Urðr» said when we were asked to do the quest.
Invading Þrymheimr and removing the holy sword Excaliber from the pedestal. Defeating Þrym wasn’t the objective. In other words, Þrym, the formidable enemy, was just one of the hurdles for the quest’s progression——
“L-Last light is flashing now!”
In a voice similar to Leafa’s scream, Yui responded sharply,
“Papa, stairs appeared behind the throne!”
“……………!!”
Without sparing any time to reply, I furiously kicked the floor and dashed toward the throne.
As I approached, in the shape of a chair, aside from it being fifteen meters tall as it was for the frost king Þrym’s exclusive use, the throne looked like a small hut. If we weren’t in an emergency, we would try to climb up to the seat, however, I ran to its left side without looking up at all.
When I turned to the throne’s back, just as Yui said, the ice floor had opened, showing a small descending staircase. It was clearly the size one from the frost giant tribe wouldn’t be able to pass, the size was for a human —— no, a single fairy was barely able to pass. While hearing the approaching footsteps of my companions, I plunged into the dim entrance without hesitation.
While running down the spiral staircase skipping three steps at a time, I thought in a corner of my mind. If we failed the quest we received from Urðr —— and at the same time, the large number of the players on the ground were successful in the slaughter quest, the giant ice castle Þrymheimr would float up and surface in the middle of the capital city Alne; however, Þrym, who had the ambition of invading Alfheim was no longer there. Well, the «came back to life as if nothing had happened» line was also not impossible, but I didn’t think the Cardinal System which had always stuck profusely to details would expand the story in such an aggressive manner.
Thinking while running down at full speed, as if she could read my thought, the voice of Leafa came from behind me,
“……Well, Onii-chan. I can’t recall it clearly…… but what if the master of Þrymheimr isn’t Þrym in the real Norse mythology?”
“E……Eh!? But, the name……”
“I think so too. But, in the legend is certainly……Th……Th……”
While Leafa was mumbling, Yui on my head who referred to the outside network immediately replied,
“It’s «Þjazi»[10]. In the legend, the one who wants the golden apple that Urðr mentioned was him, not Þrym. And next is the information from within ALO, the request of the problematic slaughter quest came from the biggest castle on Jötunheimr ground, was from an NPC named «Archduke Þjazi».”
“……In other words, the successor was there since the beginning then……”
Perhaps when Þrymheimr floated up into Alne, Þjazi would be in the throne room above, giving out commands like a last boss. But letting the Cardinal’s intention of destroying the capital city and invading the Alne plateau wasn’t on my mind, I didn’t come this far to just surrender here. Rather than not obtaining Excaliber, I wouldn’t be able to face our friend Tonkii. Of course if the sword was there along the way, I wouldn’t hesitate to grab it either……
While I was thinking those various thoughts, the tremor that wrapped around the castle became increasingly violent. Sometimes the change in G force could be felt intensely, it was clear that the castle was piercing the canopy. I held my breath and continued throwing my momentum down the spiral staircase which I didn’t know how far down it went.
“————Papa, five more seconds until we reach the exit!”
“OK!”
I shouted, just as the bright light up ahead entered my field of vision, I jumped ahead at full force.
What was there was a regular ice octahedron, or a hollowed room in the shape of a superimposed upper and lower parts of a pyramid. The so-called «Burial Chamber».
The wall was quite thin, the entire Jötunheimr field could be seen from the lower part of the ice. On the surroundings, fragments of rock and crystal continued falling down from the canopy. The spiral staircase pierced the center of the burial chamber and continued down toward the bottom.
Then, at that point —— was a deep pure golden light.
There is no mistake, when Leafa and I rode on Tonkii’s back to escape from Jötunheimr, this was the same twinkling light we saw inside the bottom of the ice castle. Nearly a year had passed and we finally made it here.
When all seven people came down the staircase, we surrounded «that» in a half circle.
At the very center of the circular floor, a 50cm dimensioned ice cube was enshrined. Something small seemed to be trapped inside. When I stared at it closer, it seemed to be thin and delicate tree roots. The countless number of threads that looked like capillary gathered and huddled thicker toward the single main root.
The main root had a diameter of around five centimeters, however, it was cleanly cut. At the place it was cut was a thin and sharp blade inscribed with the detailed runes —— the sword. The shining golden long sword extended vertically, half of the blade was exposed from the ice plinth. It had a detailed knuckle guard and black leather was tightly knitted around the hilt. Its pommel was shining with a big iridescent jewel.
I once saw the very same sword, no I had grabbed it before.
The man who used ALO as a tool for his own ambition, in order to cut me, tried to create it using the GM’s power. However, that power was transferred to me by the person who had higher authority than him, I generated the sword and gave it to him in order to settle it all.
At that time, I had produced the world’s strongest sword with just a single command, but I had a strong sense of aversion to it. Without the challenge to obtain the sword by proper means, the feeling of borrowing but not returning wouldn’t disappear. Although more than half was by chance, but the time had finally come.
……Sorry for the wait.
As I whispered in my mind, I made a step forward, my right hand grabbed the hilt of the long sword —— the legendary class weapon «Holy Sword Excaliber».
“…………!!”
I put all my strength into pulling it out of the pedestal.
However, it felt like the sword and the plinth, no, the entire castle had become a single object, as it didn’t even creak a little. With my left hand helping, both legs firmly planted, mustering all my strength.
“Nu……o…………!!”
But the result was the same. Bad vibes caused a chill to go down my spine.
In ALO, unlike in SAO and GGO; strength, agility and other numerical stats weren’t shown in the system window. The boundary if a certain weapon or armor could be equipped was also vague, from «Easy to handle», «Somewhat challenging», «Body would be swayed», to «Difficult to lift up», changing in non-gradual stages. So among the players, there were many that even though the weapon obtained by sheer luck was so overweight, they still didn’t give up, but wore it, causing their combat power to be lowered as a result.
But even so, the system needed to handle those stats in numerical values, in other words, they were «hidden parameters». The basic value was determined by race and constitution, then applied with boosts from skills and bonuses from magic equipments, and supporting magics could adjust the value even further. Comparing Klein as a Salamander against me as a Spriggan, Klein would have only a slightly higher base value.
But as he loved katana techniques, all his skill and equipment adjustments were based on agility. On the other hand, with the tendency of «loving heavy swords», my adjustment was focused mainly on strength. As a result, among the seven people here, I was without doubt the one with the highest strength. So if I couldn’t pull the sword out with my strength, no one else would be able to either. As everyone seemed to understand this, no one asked for an attempt.
Instead, I could hear voices from behind me,
“Keep at it, Kirito-kun!”
It was Asuna. Then Lis raised her voice saying “Yeah, just a bit more!”. The encouragement from Leafa, Silica, and Klein also came right after that.
Sinon shouted “Show me your willpower!”, Yui said “Papa, keep at it!” with all her little voice, even Pina purred with “Kurururuu!”.
As the person who assembled this party, becoming discouraged here wasn’t an option. I already got the maximum buffs, the rest was just fighting spirit and will power. Rather than thinking the parameter wasn’t high enough, I had to believe that the lock would be released with the multiplication of the input and time, mustering my strength, no, my will power to the limit.
The surroundings in my vision started to white out, a flickering light flew in front of my eyes, if this continued any longer, the AmuSphere would automatically disconnect me due to an abnormality in the brain waves —— at that time,
Piki, with a sharp sound, and at the same time, a faint vibration transmitted to my hands.
“Ah……!”
I didn’t know whose yell that was. Suddenly a light burst out from the pedestal under my feet, as golden light filled my entire vision.
Immediately after that, a crushing sound which was more profound and exhilarating than any sound effect we had heard up until now ran through our ears. My body fully stretched out —— inside the ice lump which was scattering in all directions, my right hand held the long sword which created a vivid golden track in the air.
Flying significantly behind me were my six companions who were using their hands to extend support to each other. While withstanding the tremendous weight of the sword I was holding, I faced up above, my vision met with everyone overlooking from above. All members of the party started smiling, and released a great joyful atmosphere —— Although I had already assumed so, the next phenomenon happened sooner than expected.
Small tree roots were released from the ice pedestal.
Floating in mid air, it suddenly stretched out, no, it started growing.
The very fine capillary spread downward in succession. The upper section which had been cut off also had new tissue growing upward from the cut wound.
From above, a tremendous roaring sound could be heard. Looking up, the hole which we had ran through and the spiral staircase had been crushed by something rushing down. It was also roots. The one which supported Þrymheimr, the roots of the world tree——
The thick roots rushed into the octagonal room with a blistering pace, the small roots which extended from the plinth touched them, twisted together, and united.
The next moment——
The slight vibration which was felt like a shindo 1 earthquake up until now sent out a shock wave that swallowed the entire Þrymheimr castle.
“Owa……b……breaking……!!”
Klein yelled, as everyone mutually held onto each other firmly, while numerous cracks ran through the surrounding wall almost simultaneously.
The deafeningly loud echo roared continuously. The thick wall of ice, about the size of a carriage separated from each other, dropped to the «Great Void» far below.
“……! The entire Þrymheimr castle had collapsed! Papa, we need to escape!”
Yui on my head screamed in sharp voice. I looked at Asuna’s face on my right and shouted,
“Even saying so, the stairs!”
Yes, the spiral staircase which we used to reach this burial chamber had already been blown off by the rushing world tree’s roots, leaving no trace behind. Even before that, going back the original route would only lead us to the open terrace in the mid air.
“If we could grab the roots……”
Sinon murmured while looking up, she was still calm even in this situation.
“……Seems impossible.”
I shrugged my shoulders. Surely, the roots of world tree stretched from the ceiling and reached the middle of the chamber, but we were on the circular floor below, which was about ten meters below the capillary. It wasn’t a distance we could reach even with a full force jump.
“Wait, the world tree! Don’t be so cold-hearted!”
Lisbeth raised her right fist while yelling, but her opponent was a tree. She wouldn’t even get a single apology from it.
“’Right……if it comes to this, Klein-sama will show you all the Olympic class vertical high jump!”
The katana user stood up abruptly then ran up to one end of the six meters diameter circular disc——
“Ah, idiot, don’t……”
Before I could stop him, his gorgeous jump already happened before my eyes. He could reach around 2.15 meters, it was splendid considering he had a short running start, however, his hand couldn’t reach the root before his body continued on a parabolic curve and dropped heavily onto the center of the floor.
At that moment, It was surely from the shock wave earlier. —— was what everyone tried to think —— while running cracks suddenly appeared on the surrounding walls.
The lower section of the burial chamber, in other words, the lower apex of the Þrymheimr castle had finally separated from its body.
“C……Klein-san you idiot―!”
Came from Silica who was not used to screaming except when her tail was pulled; the rounded disc carrying seven people + one + one pet broke into an endless free fall.
If this were a gag manga, in this scene everyone would just sit around and drink tea as if it were completely normal.
However, dropping in a VRMMO like this was really ultra scary. It might be my daily hobby to fly above the clouds in Alfheim, but that was because of the reliable wings. With flying forbidden, such as in dungeons, a beginner female player could taste terror just by jumping from a five meter height. Even I didn’t like it.
Therefore, the seven of us crawling on the circular ice disc couldn’t help but scream simultaneously.
Surrounding us were the lumps of ice that collapsed at the same time, clashing with each other, as they continued breaking into smaller pieces. Looking up above, the lower part of the giant castle Þrymheimr broke apart from its structure, and each time caused the roots of the world tree to tremble.
Finally, from the edge of the disc, I fearfully took a peek below.
A thousand meters, no, it should be about eight hundred meters from the Jötunheimr ground, the darkness «Great Void» had its mouth open. Of course the disc we were sitting on was rushing toward the center.
“……What is down there?”
A calm mumble came from Sinon, I somehow managed to answer,
“P-Pr-Probably as Urðr-san said, M-M-Maybe it leads to Niflheimr!”
“It would be great if it’s not cold……”
“N-N-Noo, I think it’s super cold! I-I-It’s the hometown of the frost giants after all!”
Having a conversation like that finally helped loosen the constriction in my stomach, while my hands still hugged Excaliber, I asked Leafa to my left,
“Leafa, W-W-What happened to the S-Slaughter quest?”
Then, the Sylph with her pea green ponytail trailing vertically stopped screaming —— or perhaps it was a joyful shout, I have my doubts —— and looked at the medallion on her chest.
“Ah……W-We’ve made it Onii-chan! There is still a single light remaining! I-I’m glad……!”
Leafa made a full smile and jumped to me with open arms, while I stroked her hair and started thinking,
If the world tree had returned to its original shape, Urðr and her kin would have regained their power as well, so they would no longer be hunted by the humanoid evil-gods. In that case, if we continued falling into the Great Void, be it dying during the fall or dying due to crashing upon Niflheimr, our sacrifice wouldn’t be in vain.
There was only one worry, it was «Excaliber» which we used all our power to secure. The quest wasn’t properly completed, as I still couldn’t say I had obtained ownership of it yet. Perhaps, surviving and meeting with Urðr again were the required flags for the clean completion of this quest?
Nevertheless, I spread the system window where Leafa couldn’t see and tried to put Excaliber into the storage. But the sword was repelled from the window, and wouldn’t settle in.
——Well, I already grabbed it once. It’s fine, such a gold sparkling legendary weapon like this isn’t my taste anyway.
I tried to fool myself using the sour grapes theory.
Leafa who was embracing my neck suddenly raised her face.
“…………I hear something.”
“Eh……?”
I reflected the air off my ears to listen carefully, but all I could hear was the groaning sound of the air. The ground was already much closer now. Falling and breaking into the Void would probably take about sixty more seconds.
“Here, again!”
Leafa shouted again and stood skillfully on the rounded disc.
“O-Oi, it’s dangerous……”
As I started calling, at that time,
Kuoooo——……n, a cry from the distance reached my ears, I realized.
I turned around and adjusted my vision. Beyond the group of ice lumps surrounding us, from the southern sky, was a small white light. Approaching in a small arc, with its streamlined body like a fish, four pairs of wings, and a long nose——
“…………Tonkii————!”
Leafa shouted with both hands cupped around her mouth. Once again, Kuoo―n returned. Without a doubt, that was the flying evil-god Tonkii who carried us until the entrance of Þrymheimr. Thinking about it, as Tonkii sent us there, coming to pick us up wasn’t strange. And of course we would want it to come too.
“R……Right here right here―!”
Lis shouted while Asuna also waved her hand. Silica raised her face fearfully while still hugging Pina tightly in her chest, Sinon waved her tail in relief.
Klein who was still in the landing pose from his ultra high jump also lifted his face and smiled while putting his right thumb up.
“Heheh……’right, I believed from the start…… this guy would surely come to help……”
——Bull shit!
That was what I, and probably the other five, shouted in our minds, as he was the same person who had forgotten about Tonkii up until now. Still as admirable as usual, Tonkii gradually glided toward us. There was plenty of time to transfer all the members before the crash.
Because of the numerous scattering ice lumps around us, the closest Tonkii could hover near us still left us with a five meter gap. But with such a gap, even a heavy player would had no problem jumping over.
The first one was Leafa, who jumped casually while humming, and landed splendidly on Tonkii’s back. Then she stretched out her hands with a “Silica-chan!” call.
Silica nodded single-mindedly, as both her hands grabbed Pina’s legs, then running awkwardly before firmly launching out. Pina, which Silica was dangling under, flapped its wings, boosting the flying distance. It was a tamer’s privilege from a flight type pet. She then stopped in Leafa’s embrace safely.
Next was Lisbeth who jumped along with a “Toryaa!” shout, along with Asuna who made a long jump with a fluid form. Sinon was the extreme one, jumping with double forward somersaults and landing near Tonkii’s tail.
Klein turned to me with a stiff expression, I made a gesture telling him, ‘Please feel free to go first.’
“’Right, prepare to be fascinated by my splendid……”
I slapped his back while he was saying that and measuring his timing. Struggling with the running start’s distance, his jump’s distance did not seem to be enough, but Tonkii stretched its nose to catch him in mid air.
“O-Owaaaaa!? S-S-Scaryyyyy!?”
Ignoring his yell, I looked downward once more. Beyond the rounded disc made of clear ice, the Great Void had filled entire my field of vision. Facing forward, preparing a short approach run——
At that point, I noticed one terrible fact.
I couldn’t jump.
To be more exact, in my arms was a heavy load —— the «Holy Sword Excaliber», so jumping five meters wouldn’t be possible. Just by standing, my boots already bit into the ice.
Everyone who already moved to the back of Tonkii also noticed the reason I stood still.
“Kirito!”
“Kirito-kun!”
Calling voices reached me. Still facing downward, I clenched my teeth from the intense conflict.
These two choices —— embracing Excaliber like this and dieing from the fall, or dropping it and surviving. Is it the coincidence that a player is being tested for greed and obsession at the final five meters distance? Is this also a trap by the Cardinal System……?
“Papa……”
A worried call from Yui on my head, I made a slight nod and reply,
“…………Really……you Cardinal!”
I shouted with a bitter smile.
At the next moment, the sword in my right hand was thrown aside.
Suddenly my body became so light it was as if it was a lie. The rotating faint golden light moved toward the edge of my vision.
I made a light run, jumped, and changed my body orientation in mid air. Excaliber was falling slowly, like a feather dropped from the wing of a phoenix, into the immeasurable depth of the great hole.
On Tonkii’s back, once I had made a backward landing, it spread all eight wings wide. Its speed slowed down. Tonkii, that had been falling at the same pace as the rounded disc up until now, began hovering, stopping its descent.
Asuna came to me and tapped my shoulder.
“……Later, someday, we’ll take it back.”
“I’ll perfectly coordinate our journey!”
Yui continued right after Asuna.
“……Ah, that’s right. It’ll surely be waiting somewhere in Niflheimr.”
I muttered, as I said the farewell in my mind to the strongest sword I certainly had held for a short time —— or so it seemed.
In order to prevent that, stepping in front of me, was the blue haired Cait Sith.
Her left hand brought the big long bow down from her shoulder, and her right hand paired it with a silvery thin arrow.
“——Two hundred meters, huh.”
She muttered, then quickly recited a spell. The arrow was wrapped in a white light.
In front of us, who were stunned as we watched, the archer as well as sniper Sinon casually drew the bow to its full extent.
About forty-five degrees below, on the other side was the falling Excaliber, the arrow was released. It flew through the air, leaving a strange silvery line. It was a bow user’s exclusive common spell «Retrieve Arrow». The spell was convenient for pulling something the hand couldn’t reach, however, it was used only for short distances because the thread attached distorted the trajectory of the arrow, thus lowering the homing value down to zero.
Finally understanding Sinon’s intention, I shouted in my mind “No matter the cost.”
It was not possible anyway. Two hundred meters was twice the effective range of the bow made by Lis. No, even if it was within the shooting range, she wasn’t in a condition to aim properly. Her footing was unstable, the surrounding ice was falling, and her target was also falling.
But —— but, but.
The falling golden light over there, and falling alongside it, the silvery arrow seemed to be attracting each other as it moved closer, closer…………
Taan! Their collision caused a light sound.
“Alright!”
Sinon pulled the magic thread stretching out from her right hand with all her might. The golden light decelerated, halted, then began to rise. Rotating, and gradually approaching. The small golden light started becoming longer and narrower, taking the shape of a sword.
Two seconds later, the legendary weapon which I had said farewell to, had resided in Sinon’s palm.
“Uwa, heavy……”
Muttering as she held it in her hands, Cait Sith-sama then turned around.
“““Si……Si……Si……”””
The voices of six people and Yui was in perfect synchronization.

“““Sinon-san, so cool——————!”””

Sinon responded to our praise with a down and up motion using her triangular ears —— as both her hands were holding the sword, she looked at me and shrugged lightly.
“Here you are, there is no need to make that face.”
——I was apparently too careless, it was as if a big “I want that!” was written on my forehead with a black magic pen. Sinon inadvertently stared to the upper left while holding out the sword to me, with a “Here” voice.
A faint déjà vu. About two weeks ago, in the event to decide the strongest in GGO «Bullet of Bullets 3» battle royale tournament’s final round, Sinon had made the very same action. What I received by reflex back then was a one hit kill plasma grenade, Sinon and I stuck together and both died from the bomb immediately after that, leading to the conclusion of the match. People on the net had been trying to interpret that last scene, but it was eerie so there was no further investigation.
But this time, surely the sword wouldn’t explode.
“T……Thank you.”
As I said thanks, I held out my hands to receive it —— but the sword was pulled back.
“Before that, promise me one thing.”
Then the blue haired Cait Sith gave a bright smile, it was without a doubt the highest class in ALO —— although with a destructive power equal to ten plasma grenades hidden in it.


“——Every time you pull this sword out, make sure you always think of me, alright?”
Bikki―n.
During the suddenly frozen atmosphere, the golden holy sword «Excaliber» moved from Sinon’s hands to mine. But it was unbelievable, I couldn’t feel its weight at all, instead I felt an imaginary chill and sweat flowing down my back.
“O―o, it’s sure difficult for you, popular-bro.”
From right behind me, Klein said so without reading the atmosphere, I stepped on his foot to make him silent, then said in the calmest voice I could muster,
“……Yeah, I’ll keep that in mind, you have my thanks. Thank you, that shot just now was magnificent.”
“You’re welcome.”
Sinon delivered the final blow with her wink, then turned around and moved in the direction of Tonkii’s tail. She then took a stem of mint from the quiver on the right of her waist and held it in her mouth, it seemed to be her way of a quick rest. It was a cool action suiting the live wire sniper, however, I didn’t miss noticing that the tip of her blue tail was wriggling. That was the sign saying she was in laughter. I’ve been had! As I groaned inside my mind, there was nothing I could do about the stabbing glances from the group of girls around me.
But here, the one who gave me a life boat out of that situation was unexpectedly Tonkii.
“Kuooo——n……”
It made a long cry, while its eight wings flapped powerfully and started ascending. Looking up into the sky, it seemed the largest and final spectacular scene of this quest was about to start.
The whole Þrymheimr castle which had pierced deeply into the center of the canopy in the underground world Jötunheimr finally started falling.
While its lower section had already collapsed leaving no trace behind, it still kept its whole form. The castle we could see from the inverted pyramid up until now had hidden its same sized upper section. In other words, it had the same form as the burial chamber in which Excaliber was sealed in, a regular octahedral form.
It had a length of three hundred meters on each side. So, the distance between the top and bottom apex equaled to 300×√2 or 424.26 meters. The height of the Tokyo Sky Tree’s special view lobby was 450 meters, so the castle’s height was already approaching it. I was glad the dungeon structure didn’t require us to climb up to the top before we could descend to our destination.
While my mind went in circles around calculations and speculations which didn’t matter any more, the great ice castle continued to fall down while making a thunderous roar. The intensity of the wind pressure we had to endure increased along with the collapse. The numerous cracks, like the polar crevasse, spread up from its lowest part, and over time, the few large pieces started to detach from it.
“…………That dungeon, gone after we had adventured in it just once……”
Lis murmured quietly. Silica, who was next to her, hugged Pina tightly and nodded in response.
“It’s a bit waste. There are a lot of rooms we haven’t explored yet……”
“The map completion rate is 37.2 percent.”
Was the supplement from Yui sitting on my head said in a regretful voice.
“That’s luxury talk. ——But I had a lot of fun.”
With both hands on his waist, Klein nodded deeply. And, as if he had noticed something, he turned around and said in a strange voice,
“……Hey Leafa. How to say this, well……about Freyja, she really exists as a real goddess-san right? Aside from that grandpa Þórr?”
“Yeah, that’s right.”
Leafa nodded then smiled.
“O―, is that so. Well, I have a chance to meet her somewhere then.”
“……It might be.”
In ALO, Ásgarðr, the place where the æsir lived, didn’t exist, but Leafa was kind enough not to say so. When I thought up to this point, I recalled what Þrym said before Þórr could stop him. It was certainly about the æsir……what did he say though……
I tried to search my memory, but my thoughts were drowned out by the loud agony of death of Þrymheimr castle, which had finally completely collapsed.
As I cruised on Tonkii’s back, the falling groups of large ice lumps looked like it was at a distance I could reach if i stretched my hand. They were swallowed by the big hole directly below, vanishing into the infinite darkness of the «Great Void»——
……No, it wasn’t like that.
I could see a light from the bottom of the hole. Glittering blue and waving, that flickering radiance was, yes, water, the surface of water. Coming from deep beneath the Void which we thought had no bottom, along with another loud sound, a large amount of water was rising in the pit. The still falling ice sank into the surface then immediately melted, becoming part of the water.
“Ah……above!”
Sinon said as her mouth still held the stem of mint while pointing her right hand upward.
My sight followed her lead by reflex, once again, an unbelievable scene happened before my eyes.
The roots of the world tree, which had withered back toward the ceiling, had been released after the vanishing of Þrymheimr, they made a big twist while growing in thickness, as if they were a living creatures. They gathered together and rushed downward as if they were seeking something. It was like a giant had thrown down a pile of wood. In front of us who were watching wordlessly, the roots of world tree had reached and sank down into the surface of the pure water of what was once the Great Void, causing a big wave from it spread out. The mesh of roots covered the wide surface of water immediately until its tips reached the shore.
That scene had two things in common with the illusory scene Queen Urðr had shown us. The world tree that had stopped its movement had its roots, or rather its trunks extended from its gigantic figure, I felt some kind of strong wave being emitted. It was a pure delight, like a traveller who had wandered for a long time in the intense heat of a desert finally putting his mouth in the oasis he had arrived at.
“Look……, the sprouts from the roots…”
I focused my eyes due to Asuna’s whisper, sure enough, from all directions around the roots, small sprouts —— of course the sprouts were as big as us, but they were small when compared to the giant tree —— had shot up, and yellow-green leaves spread one after another.
The wind blew.
Unlike the bone freezing cold wind that had endlessly and violently swept over Jötunheimr field up until now, it was a warm spring breeze. At the same time, the intensity of the light in the entire world had increased many fold. I looked up to the sky again, the group of crystals which had been shining dimly were emitting strong white light, each one of them was like a small sun.
The wind and sunlight stroked the ice covering the large field and the thick ice covering small rivers, causing them to melt in succession. Below them, new green leaves sprouted from the black and damp soil. The castles and fortresses in various places that the humanoid evil-gods had constructed were immediately covered in green and decayed away——
“Kuooooo————n…………”
Suddenly, Tonkii raised its eight wings, wide ears, and nose, then released a loud howl.
Several seconds later, from various places on the field, Oo―n, Kuooo―n echoes like those came back in reply. Appearing from various fountains and rivers, and of course from the huge lake that the world tree roots had spread over, were beings with manjū-like bodies and long tentacles, the elephant-jellyfish type evil-gods. It wasn’t just that, the many legs alligator type, the two-headed leopard type, many types of the beast evil-gods appeared endlessly on the ground and water’s surface, and the field began to swagger.
No, on this beautiful green field, they were no longer «Evil-gods». They were the peaceful dwellers in this breeze, greenery, and the sunlight —— aside from their size. Those who were bullying them harshly, the humanoid evil-gods couldn’t be found no matter where I looked for them.
Tonkii had lowered its altitude a great deal before I had noticed, visible here and there on the wilderness were small dots of raid parties standing stunned. Looking at them, they might be wondering what had happened. Having taken the quest from the NPC «Archduke Þjazi», and right before they could attain the fruit of their long struggle, their giant companions had disappeared and the field had completely changed, so it was normal to be confused.
This was just what Klein had said after we heard about the quest from Urðr, as we would have to explain in full details to the «MMO Tomorrow» journalist who also served as the information shop for those stunned raid party members; I’d be glad to entrust the duty to him as he wished —— While I was thinking about those irresponsible things, Leafa suddenly sat down.
Stroking the free flowing white hair on Tonkii’s wide back, she whispered,
“……It’s great. Really great, Tonkii. Look, so many of your friends. Right there…… and also over there, so many…………”
Seeing spilling drops of water on her cheeks, even a block head like myself felt something well up in my chest. Immediately Silica embraced Leafa before starting to cry uncontrollably, Asuna and Lis also wiped their eyes. Folding his arms, Klein faced the other way to hide his face, even Sinon repeatedly blinked many times.
Lastly, Yui took off my head and landed on Asuna shoulder before burying her face in her hair. That girl doesn’t let me see her crying face anymore, I wonder who she learned something like that from……
Then, at that moment. I heard a voice.

“I appreciate your excellent accomplishment.”

I turned my startled face to the front.
Over Tonkii’s big head, a figure wrapped in golden light was floating.
It shouldn’t have been more than two hours, but I already felt it was a nostalgic figure, it was, no doubt, the golden haired beauty with the three meter tall body, who had gave us this quest, the «Queen of the Lake Urðr».
However, she wasn’t transparent anymore, this time she clearly had substance. So, she could come out from the fountain she was forced to hide in order to escape Þrym’s hand. The pearly scales visible on her limbs, the tip of her swaying fin shaped hair, along with the light-green long dress covered her body, all glittered dazzlingly under the sunlight.
The turquoise pupils gently narrowed, before Urðr opened her lips again.
“By removing «The sword which cut all of steel and tree» Excaliber, the «Spirit Roots» which had been severed from Yggdrasil could return to their original mother. With the blessings from the tree filling the land once more, Jötunheimr had returned to what it once was. For all these, Ye have my thanks.”
“No……well. For Þrym, without the help from Þórr, I don’t think we could defeat him……”
Urðr nodded her head to what I said.
“I know the power of the Thunder God. However……be careful, Ye Fairies. Even though those æsir are the enemy of the frost giants, they would never be your ally……”
“Erm…… Þrym himself said the same thing, what does that mean……?”
Leafa asked after she stood up and wiped her tears. But the Cardinal’s automatic response engine didn’t recognize that vague question, while Urðr remained silent, her floating figure raised up a little.
“——My sisters also would like to give you their appreciations.”
Together with her words, the right side of Urðr began to vibrate like a water’s surface, then a figure appeared.
Its height was slightly shorter than the elder sister —— but even so, from our perspective, we still had to look up to her. Her hair was of the same gold color but a little shorter. Her long dress was deep blue. Her face, if Urðr was «high class» then her face would be «elegance».
“My name is «Verðandi».[11] Thank you, the fairy warriors. Being able to see the green Jötunheimr once again, Ah, this is like a dream……”
As she whispered in a sweet voice, Verðandi softly waved her right hand. At the same time, various items and Yrd currency roughly dropped in front of us before disappearing into our temporary storage. Its capacity was suitable for the seven people party, however, I felt it would reach its limit soon.
And in addition, a whirlwind occurred to the left of Urðr, and a third silhouette came into view.
Contrasting Verðandi in appearance, it was a figure wearing armor and a helmet. Stretching from both sides of the helmet and boots were long wings. The golden hair was tied finely, the beautiful and brave face shook to the side.
And on this third person, there was a surprising feature. She was the size of a human, no, a fairy, about half as tall as her eldest sister Urðr. Klein made a strange gulping sound from his throat.
“My name is «Skuld»! You have my thanks, warriors!”
She made a short exclamation in a cold and dignified voice, and like her sister, held up her big hand. Once again, a waterfall of reward items occurred. The message area on the right most of my vision finally appeared the blinking ‘reaching full capacity’ warning.
As the two sisters stepped back, Urðr stepped forward once again. If Urðr gave a similar amount of reward, there was no doubt the storage would overflow. In that case, the remaining items would turn into the arbitrary objects piled up on Tonkii’s back —— However, was it good to say it was fortunate? Urðr smiled at me before began speaking,
“——From me, I would be bestowing that sword upon you. But, never throw it into «Urðr’s Spring».”
“Y-Yes, I won’t.”
As I nodded like a child——
The golden long sword I had held tight in both hands, the legendary weapon «Holy Sword Excaliber»’s shape had disappeared. Of course, it was put into my personal storage. At this point I wanted to shout “I got it!!!!!” but as I was no longer a kid, please forgive me for only grasping my right hand in that moment.
The three maidens floated up a little and said in unison.
“Thank you, Fairies. Let us meet again.”
At the same time, in the center of my vision, a system message in an elaborated font appeared. As the ‘Quest Cleared’ message faded, the three bodies began to leave.
Klein suddenly jumped in front and shouted,
“S, S-S-Skuld-san! Your contact address!”
————You, what about Freyja-san!?
————and how is an NPC supposed to have a mail address!?
As I was standing upright, considering which one I should say to him——
Which one should I say?
The two sisters had already disappeared distantly, but the sister of the future Skuld-san turned around, it may have been my imagination, but I saw her make an amused expression, then waved her hand again. Something glittering flowed through the air and dropped into Klein’s hand.
Immediately after that, the goddess of war also vanished, leaving just silence and a gentle breeze.
Before long, Lisbeth shook her head slightly before whispering,
“Klein. Now you have my respect from the bottom of my heart.”
Agreed. Really, I completely agreed.

Anyway——
Our sudden adventure on the morning of 28th December 2025 concluded like this around noon.
“……Well, how about the year-end party after this?”
As I proposed; Asuna, even though looked a little tired, smiled and said,
“I agree.”
“I agree too!”
From her shoulder, Yui raised her right hand up straight.

Part 6
I was a little worried as I decided whether to hold the unexpected year-end party in the room Asuna and I shared in Yggdrasil City, or to gather in the real world.
If it was in ALO, Yui, who played an active role in this quest, would be able to fully participate in the party. But Asuna had to go to Kyoto to visit the head house on her father’s side for a week, starting from the 29th, so if we missed meeting today, I wouldn’t have another chance to meet her until after the year ends.
As Yui, my daughter, said “Real!” after I asked for her opinion, the year-end party would be held from 3:00PM at the café in the Taito district of Okachimachi, the «Dicey Café». We waved farewell to Tonkii after it sent us back up to the tree stairs, and once we reached the central capital Alne, which was still crowded, like before the quest —— even though when Þrymheimr started ascending it caused some slight vibration —— there, we logged out.
The first thing I did after opening my eyes on my bed in the real world was to call Agil to make a reservation, and although he complained “Suddenly asking like this, I won’t have time to prepare the special ingredients.”, but by the time we arrived, there would be plenty of the shop’s special menu’s ‘spare ribs’ and ‘baked beans’, he was such an ideal businessman.
The weather forecast said there would be snow in the evening, so Suguha and I had to use the train to reach the interior of Tokyo instead of my bike. Also, this time we had luggage which were quite large, and it wouldn’t fit in my clunky 125cc’s narrow helmet compartment anyway.
Speaking of Kawagoe city in the Saitama prefecture, to Klein who lived in Tokyo, he would make a face as if it were located at the edge of the world, but it didn’t even take an hour on the Tojo express line to reach Okachimachi. It was past 2PM when we opened the door of Dicey Café, and only Sinon, who had arrived earlier due to her house being extremely nearby, was there.
After I greeted the shopkeeper who was busy preparing food, I opened the hard case I brought. It contained four cameras with movable lenses, and a notebook PC for controlling them.
“……What are these?”
Frowning, Sinon asked, while Suguha helped to install the cameras at the four corners of the shop. They were the mass market web cameras with built-in microphones, but I had remodeled them to have high capacity battery and wireless connection, these four were enough to fully cover the entire room without having to worry about the location of each camera.
Once the cameras were recognized by the notebook PC, I confirmed their movements, then connected them to the high spec stationary machine in my house in Kawagoe. I put on the small head set, then spoke,
“How’s it, Yui?”
『……I can see. I can see clearly, and I hear you, Papa!』
The lovely voice of Yui resounded from both my earphones and the PC speaker.
“OK, try moving slowly first.”
『Yes!』
After her reply, the small diameter lens of the closest camera started moving.
Currently Yui should be flying like a little fairy in the pseudo-3D reflection of the Dicey Café. Although the image quality was low and the response time was also bad, she would have much more freedom compared to the passive image from the mobile terminal’s camera up until now.
“……I see, so those cameras and microphones are like Yui’s terminal’s…… sensory organs, right?”
I said nothing to Sinon’s words, while Suguha nodded,
“Yeah. Onii-chan learned that at school, mecha…… mechatoni……”
“Mechatronics.”, that, was me.
“You take that nics course and made these stuff, all just for Yui-chan, right?”
『It was an order from me!』
Ahaha, three people laughed together while sipping their usual hot ginger ale.
“I-It wasn’t just that! Once the camera is more compact, I can attach it to my shoulder or head and bring it anywhere with me……”
“Isn’t that also for Yui?”
Really, there was no way I could object to that.
However, this temporarily named «Audio-visual two-way communication probe» system was still far from complete. In order for Yui to be able to realize the real world like the virtual world, the automatic movement function of the terminal camera and microphones was a requirement, and the sensors were also not enough. Ideally speaking, it would be best to use a self-propelled human type. Of course I couldn’t make it using the equipment from high school, is there any aggressive mechanics-san somewhere out there making a beautiful girl robot……?
While my honest delusion unfolded; Asuna, Klein, Lis, and Silica assembled in that order, while food and drinks were lined up on the two tables which were stuck together. When Agil brought out the spare ribs served on big shining plates, all the members clapped at the shopkeeper. He then took off his apron and sat down, and both non-alcoholic and real champagne were poured into glasses——
“Congratulations for obtaining the «Holy Sword Excaliber» and «Thunder Hammer Mjölnir»! Thanks for the good work in 2025! ——Cheers!”
Everyone said in a big chorus after my lead.

“…… Anyway,”
Sinon, who sat on my right, murmured after around one and a half hours, when the feast on the table was almost settled.
“Why was it «Excaliber»?”
“Heh? What do you mean?”
As I tilted my head trying to understand what her question meant, Sinon supplemented while spinning the fork skillfully at the tip of her finger.
“Normally…… it’s usually «calibur» in other fantasy novels or manga, right? As in, «Excalibur».”
“A……Ahh, is that so?”
“Heh, Sinon-san also read those kinds of novels?”
Suguha, who was on the opposite side, asked. Sinon made an awkward smile before replying,
“I was head librarian during middle school. I had read several books about the legend of the King Arthur, I have the feeling that they all used «calibur».”
“Hmmm, maybe it is another thing which was set on the whims of the ALO item set designer……?”
I made an emotionless response, and Asuna who sat on my left made a bitter smile and said,
“It’s certainly based on the legend, just like the fake reward from the earlier quest, wasn’t «Caliburn» also one of them?”
Then, a clear voice of Yui replied from the speakers atop the table.
『The main ones are «Caledfwlch», «Caliburnus», «Calibor», «Collbrande», «Caliburn», «Escalibor», and more.』
“Uwa, so many…”
I was amazed, while I was thinking «calibur» and «caliber» seemed to be a mistake, Sinon continued,[12]
“Well, it might not be a big deal…… but when saying «caliber», I’m a bit anxious because I’ve heard of its other meaning.”
“Heh, what is it?”
“A gun’s barrel diameter, written as «caliber» in English, for example, my Hecate II’s 50 barrel diameter is called «fifty caliber». I realized this after seeing the difference in Excaliber’s spelling.”
Sinon closed her mouth for a moment, then glanced at me before continuing,
“……Then, it turned out to also have another meaning, «A man’s capacity». «A man of high caliber» means «A man who has high capacity» or «A man with high capability».”
“Hehh―, I need to remember that……”
Suguha said in admiration, Sinon then said, “Perhaps it won’t come out in the exams though.” and smiled.
Then, I didn’t know when she heard about it, but Lisbeth on the opposite side of the table grinned and said,
“That means we can’t call the Excaliber owner a cheapskate. And I heard a rumor, that recently a certain someone did a part-time job and earned quite a bit…―”
“Uu…………”
It was just yesterday that Kikuoka from the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications had deposited the cost for assisting in the investigation of the «Death Gun Incident». But it was already spent on various upgrading of parts of Yui’s stationary machine —— then Suguha’s nanocarbon shinai —— was also already pre-ordered, so the balance was immediately in a desolate state.
But I couldn’t pull back here right after I heard about caliber. I slapped my chest before declaring,
“O-Of course, I’ve decided from the start that today’s party is my treat.”
Right after that, the loud sound of applause came from all directions, along with Klein’s whistle.
As I raised my hand in response, I started thinking in my mind,
If I learnt anything about the human’s capability through the experience from the three worlds: SAO, ALO, GGO, it would be just one, «Nothing can be shouldered alone».
No matter in which world, there were many times I was about to be crushed, but somehow managed to continue walking forward with the help of many people. The development of today’s sudden adventure was also a sign of it, wasn’t it?
So surely, my —— no, everyone’s «caliber» was the point inside the full circle made by all my companions holding hands together.
That golden sword was to never be used for my personal gain.
While I decided that in my mind, in order to toast with everyone again, I reached my hand toward the glass on the table.

(END)

First Day
Aincrad First Floor
November 2022

Death game.
It was not a phrase with a precise definition. If it were to be considered a «match involving bodily risks», then it would include martial arts, rock climbing and such, and even motor sports. What separates those dangerous sports from death games is probably just one condition.
That is, having the penalty of death, listed as one of the rules.
Not as the result of an accidental incident. A coerced death, served as the consequence of the player's mistakes and defeat, or punishment for the violation of rules and other reasons. In short, murder.
With this premise established, the VRMMORPG which became the world's first, «Sword Art Online», had now unmistakably become a death game. The game's developer, and as such, the ruler, Kayaba Akihiko, had personally made that clear declaration without the slightest hint of doubt, a mere twenty minutes ago.
That if your HP were to reach zero—that is, on «defeat», you would be killed. Or if the Nerve Gear were to be removed—that is, to «violate the rules», you would also be killed.
It didn't feel real. Not that it should have. Countless suspicions still swirled about my mind, even now.
—Is something like that possible? After all, it merely used «a game machine fit for households», the Nerve Gear; could it have the ability to destroy the cerebrum of human beings?
—In the first place, why do something like this? Holding players hostage in a virtual world, if a ransom was at stake, then it would still make sense. However, putting the lives of players at stake for the clearing of the game, that would serve absolutely no tangible benefit for Kayaba. On the contrary, it would make him lose all the reputation he had as a game designer and quantum physicist, degrading him into the worst criminal recorded in history.
I don't get it. I can't make any reasonable sense of it.
But at the same time, my instincts understood.
Kayaba's proclamation was completely true. The nature of the stage where SAO takes place, the Floating Castle Aincrad, had changed from a parallel world overflowing with passion and excitement, into a cage of death trapping ten thousand people within. The words uttered by Kayaba at the end of his tutorial earlier—[This situation itself, was my final goal]; that phrase was likely his absolute true intentions. That outrageous genius had, merely for the sake of realizing this death game, created SAO... and thus, the Nerve Gear.
Due to that belief, I—the level 1 swordsman, Kirito, am presently running with my life at stake.
All by myself, in the middle of the vast grasslands. Abandoning the first friend I made in this world.
All to keep myself alive.

The Floating Castle Aincrad was formed by floors, reaching up to a hundred, narrowly piled atop each other.
As the floors were wide in the lower portion and narrowed as they approached the upper portion, the entire castle took the shape of a cone. The diameter of the thus widest first floor amounted to up to ten kilometers. The «main city area», in other words, the largest city of the first floor, «Starting City», reached out in a semi-circle with a diameter of one kilometer on the southern tip of the floor.
Tall castle walls had been built up along the edges of the city, reducing the chances of monsters invading to an absolute zero. Also, the insides of the city were guarded by the «Anti-Criminal Code», making it impossible for your HP, that became the actual amount of life you had remaining, to fall by even a single pixel. To put it in other words, if you were to stay within the Starting City, then your safety would be ensured, eliminating the chance of death.
However, I decided to exit the city the moment Kayaba Akihito ended that initial tutorial.
There were several reasons. The lack of confidence in the «Code» continuing forever. The desire to avoid the discord and mistrust that would surely be born between players. And also, the tenacity to level up of an MMO gamer, ingrained in my very core.
This might be some sort of fate; I do have a considerable liking for death game themes in fiction, and had gone through many novels, comics, movies and such from all over. Of course, the games I have, tend to cover a large variety of themes, but I believe it to be a common theme existing within them.
In regards to death games, it was always a trade-off between «safety» and «progress». If the starting location is a safe area, there would be no danger to one's life if one were to remain there. But if one were to shrink away from danger before even trying to brave through it, it would become impossible to overcome the situation.
Of course, there was no way I had any heroic aspirations of cutting down those hundred boss monsters with my own sword, so as to clear this game. However, within the ten thousand players imprisoned, the portion of them possessing that mentality was probably not limited to only a small amount—there should be a thousand such people at the very least. Sooner or later, they would leave the city, hunt down the weak monsters in the area, and begin to earn experience points, whether as solo or group players. To increase their levels, upgrade their equipment, and get stronger.
And with that, there’s another problem.
In a death game, what opposes players is not limited to rules, traps, and monsters. They would find enemies in other players as well. I am unaware of any death games that did not turn out so.
In this SAO, when outside of towns, that is, when «outside the boundary», PK’ing is possible. That said, although it's unlikely for them to go to the extent of murder—that would result in them becoming a true murderer, after all—resorting to threatening others with weapons to steal away items, I unfortunately have not the confidence to say that not a single such individual exists. Just by imagining the possibility of some certain person with stats overwhelming my own becoming my enemy results in tangible fear and terror, leaving a bitter taste in my mouth.
And based on those reasons—
The choice of staying in the Starting City, abandoning the strengthening of myself for safety, offered no advantage to me.
Thus, if I were to aim to level up, there was no time to stand around idly. The relatively safe grassy fields around the city would likely soon be filled with «those who decided to venture forth», like myself. The monster POP of SAO was fixed to a certain amount within a certain time frame for each area. After the initial targets were hunted down, it would become a frenzy to search for the next POP, and from then on, occasionally stealing targets from others would likely become unavoidable.
To avoid that, for the purpose of having an effective rate of leveling, it is necessary to aim beyond the «relatively safe» area—that is, the «slightly dangerous» area.
Of course, in a game that one had just started, if one did not have any sense of direction, doing that would be tantamount to suicide. However, due to a certain reason, although it only applies to the lower floors, I am familiar with many things - such as the topography, and even the monsters that appear in this game, SAO, which officially went online today.
Exiting from the northwest gate of the Starting City, cutting straight through the vast grasslands, after escaping from a path similar to a maze within the deep forest, there is a village named, «Horunka». It may be small, but it certainly had an inn, a weapon shop and a tool shop «within the boundary», making it sufficient to serve as a hunting base. In the surrounding forest, there is no POP of monsters with dangerous skills that involve paralyzing toxins or equipment destruction, so it would be unlikely to die by accident even through solo play.
With the village of Horunka as my base, I will raise my level from 1 to 5 throughout today. The current time was six-fifteen in the afternoon. The surrounding grasslands were dyed golden in the setting sun from the outer circumference of Aincrad, and the forest opposite was bathed in a pale blue by the dusk. But luckily, even at night, strong monsters would not spawn around Horunka. If I continued hunting nonstop until the next change of day, I would probably be able to gain enough stats and equipment to head for the next location before the village is filled with other players.
"...Selfishness is a good point too, huh... I'm the very image of a solo player, geez..."
As I ran with all my might, that was first thing I whispered as I left the city.
If I did not express that in a humorous tone, then the fear and that other bitterness—self-hatred, threatening to force itself out from my mouth, would have no chance of being erased.
If only that well-natured cutlass user were by my side. Aiding with his leveling up, in addition to ensuring his survival; that moral action would probably be able to overwrite some of these feelings of guilt.
But I have deserted my only friend in this world, the one named Klein, at the Starting City. To be accurate, when I invited him to head towards Horunka together, Klein mentioned that he couldn't leave behind the comrades who were in the same guild as him in a previous game.
Then let's go with them, too. That proposal might have been possible as well. However, I didn't suggest it. Unlike the grasslands where only wild boars or caterpillars that could be easily defeated, even at level 1, appeared, the forest beyond had somewhat dangerous types of monsters spawning, such as poisonous bees and predatory plants. If the wrong response were made towards those special attacks, it would cause your HP to drop to zero in a flash... in other words, one might even end up dying.
The chances of Klein's friends ending up dead— no, the gaze Klein would give me the moment that happens— that was what I was afraid of. I didn't wish to have any unpleasant thoughts, I didn't want to be hurt; with that belief and nothing else in my mind, I abandoned the one who called out to me, and who invited me to play as a party for the first time in this world...
"...!!"
Emotions of disgust, unable to be covered up by even my self-torturing monologue, swelled up from the bottom of my mind, and I gritted my teeth, forcing my right hand onto the sword equipped onto my back.
In a clump of bushes slightly ahead, a single blue wild boar POP-ed. They were non-aggressive monsters, so I planned to ignore them all until I got through the grasslands, but out of impulse, I unsheathed the simple straight sword from my initial equipment, starting the motion for the single hit sword skill, «Slant».
Reacting to being targeted, the wild boar glared at me, and violently tore at the ground with its right foreleg. The motion for a charge attack. If I were to falter here, stopping my skill, I would end up receiving a large amount of damage instead. With mixed feelings of calmness and irritation towards myself, I stared at the monster, letting loose my skill while aiming at its weak point, the back of its head.
The sword blade faintly glowed light blue, and along with a sharp sound effect, my virtual body moved, half by its own accord. The system assist, unique to sword skills, was forcibly correcting the slashing motion. While taking care not to go against the movement, I consciously accelerated my leg and right arm, increasing the power of the skill. For the sake of mastering this skill alone, I once spent close to ten days using the skill for empty attacks on the practice dummies in the town.
The stats of a level 1 along with the specifications of the initial equipment was obviously extremely weak, but still, if a boosted «Slant» were to deal a critical hit at the weak point of the blue wild boar—its official name, «Frenzy Boar», the HP reduced in a single hit would be just a little more than what it has. The slash that I released head-on struck the mane area of the wild boar that came charging in, returning a strong recoil, and the beast with a total length of around a meter, twenty centimeters was violently sent flying backwards.
"Giiiiiii!"
Screaming as it bounced off the ground, it stopped in the air unnaturally. *Bashaa!* An intense sound effect, along with a light effect. Within the blue light, the wild boar turned into thousands of polygon fragments, before exploding.
I didn't even spare a look at the indication of the experience points added, or the dropped material items; on the contrary, without even stopping my feet, I walked right through the drifting light effect. I didn't feel even a fraction more refreshed. Plunging the sword into the scabbard on my back with vigor, I faced the dark forest I was finally nearing, and I continued running at the speed limit allowed by my agility stat.

Nevertheless, I had to take caution in the forest to avoid the reaction radius of the monsters about, but still I ran down the path as fast as I could and reached my destination, «Horunka Village», just before the setting sun went down.
I quickly surveyed the village of ten buildings, including both private houses and shops, from its entrance. The color cursors floating in my vision were all tagged as NPC's. It seems that I am the first to arrive, but thinking about it, that was only to be expected. After all, I did dash off at full speed with barely any conversation the moment Kayaba's tutorial ended.
First would be to head for the weapon shop facing the narrow plaza. Before the start of the tutorial—that is, when SAO was still a normal game, I hunted down several monsters along with Klein, so there were a number of raw material items saved up in my storage. I had no desire to increase my production-type skills, so I would just sell them off to the shopkeeper NPC. Using nearly all of my gold, which had just recently increased, I bought a brown leather half coat with decently high defense.
I touched the instant equip button displayed when I purchased it without any hint of hesitation. Above the white linen shirt and thick grey cloth vest that comprised my initial equipment, a leather piece of equipment that exuded a feeling of durability came into being, releasing light. I caught my breath for a bit, dwelling in the slightly increased sense of stability, then glanced at the large full-length mirror installed onto the weapon shop's wall.
"...It's... me..."
I unconsciously muttered, and the elderly shopkeeper polishing a dagger's scabbard at the counter raised his eyebrows, before returning to work straight away.
The avatar reflected in the mirror, aside from the height and gender, was a far cry from the «Kirito» that I went to great pains to create.
The body was thin and slender, without a trace of masculinity in the facial features. Long black forelocks hung down. The eyes, too, were black, or darker than that. An appearance just like mine in reality, reproduced with an astonishing level of detail—
Just from imagining this avatar, what the previous Kirito wore, equipping dazzling metal armor, a vehement spasm of denial surged through my entire body. Luckily, in SAO, even with lightweight leather equipment, speed-type one-handed sword users were able to attain sufficient defense. Of course, they were unable to become tanks, the ones who could draw monsters' attention to themselves, but there was no need for a tank-type build for a solo player.
From now on, I shall stick to leather equipment as long as the situation allows it. Not to mention those that are as plain-looking as possible.
Deciding thus in my mind, I departed the weapon shop. The only thing that improved was the Leather Coat. With the Buckler set aside for now, my weapon still remained the initial sword. Rushing into the tool shop next door, I bought as many recovery and antidote potions as I could, turning the money in my possession to an absolute zero.
There was a reason behind why I didn't have my weapon replaced. The one and only one-handed straight sword sold in the weapon shop of this village, «Bronze Sword», had more power than the initial equipment, «Small Sword», but its durability dropped easily, and it was weak against the corrosive liquid fired from plant monsters as well. If one were to face them frequently, staying with the Small Sword was the better choice. That being said, it's not like I could keep using the weak initial sword forever. Leaving the tool shop, I flew into a private house deeper in the village with a dash.
Stirring a pot in the kitchen, an NPC that truly gave the impression of a «Village Missus» turned to look at me and spoke.
"Good evening, journeying swordsman. You must be tired, I do wish to offer you some food, but I do not have any at the moment. All I can give, is a single cup of water or so."
Without missing a beat I answered, enunciating clearly so that the system could recognize it.
"That will be fine."
Actually, a mere "That's fine" or "Yes" would have been enough, but these things were for setting the mood. But, if I were to say the even more polite phrase, "Don't mind me", nothing would happen.
The NPC poured water into an old-looking cup from a water jug, and set it down on the table before me with a clunk. Sitting on the chair, I drank that down in a gulp.
With a slight smile, the missus turned back towards the pot. Despite something simmering, «not giving any food» was meant to be a slight hint. Upon waiting further, the steady sound of a child's coughing could soon be heard from the other side of the door to the next room. The missus's shoulders seemed to fall in despair.
After waiting a few more seconds, a golden question mark finally lit up above the lady's head. The sign of a quest's activation. I called out without a moment's delay.
"Is something troubling you?"
It was one of many possible phrases used to accept quests from NPCs. Softly turning to face me, the «?» mark atop the missus's head blinked constantly.
"Actually, journeying swordsman, my daughter..."
—And her daughter was stricken with a severe illness that was completely unfazed even when treated with medicine from the market (this was inside the pot) and there was no other way to cure her daughter aside from having her drink medicine procured from the ovules of predatory plants inhabiting the forest further to the west. The problem was, plants of that particular type were extremely dangerous; moreover, those that actually bloomed were rarely seen, resulting in her complete inability to obtain any. Thus, if only a swordsman was able retrieve it in her stead she would gladly offer a long sword handed down in her family as an expression of gratitude.
Which is the general synopsis of the missus's speech that she gave while gesturing, as I listened on patiently. The quest would not progress if not heard to the end, and I was unable to bring myself to harden my heart against the sporadic dry coughs of her daughter during her story.
The missus finally closed her mouth, and the tasks on the quest log displayed on the left of my vision were refreshed. I stood up, and crying out, "Please leave it to me!" —a line that was unnecessary, but it was to set the mood— I rushed out of the house.
Immediately afterwards, the time bell melody played throughout the town from the small watchtower in the middle of the plaza. Evening, seven o'clock.
Just what is the situation in the real world now? Doubtless, a huge uproar had occurred. Beside me lying down on my bed in my room with the Nerve Gear on my head, were probably the figures of my mother or sister, or perhaps both.
I wonder just what they are feeling right now. Shock? Doubt? Fear? Or maybe grief...?
However, the fact that I am still alive here, within Aincrad, is proof that my mother and sister have not forcibly torn off my Nerve Gear. In other words, they probably do believe in it. In Kayaba Akihiko's warning —and that I would return alive.
In order to survive this death game and return, there is no choice but for someone to break through to the top floor of this Floating Castle Aincrad that reaches up to roughly a hundred levels and defeat that monstrous last boss of a form that I can't even begin to imagine, to clear the game.
Of course, I don't even have a single thought of achieving that deed myself. What I should be doing, no, the one and only thing I am capable of: is to struggle for my life with all my might, that's all there is.
First of all, to become strong. At the very least, on this floor, regardless of the type and numbers of monsters coming at me... or perhaps to the point where I can protect my own life even when a malicious player assaults me. Anything beyond that, I can think about when the time comes.
"...Sorry, mother. For making you worry... Sorry, Sugu. For having something like this happen through the very VR games you hate..."
The words that unintentionally sprang from my lips caused me slight surprise. The last time I called out my sister's name in short-form was three years ago, or maybe even before that.
If— If I live on and return, I'll face her directly and call her «Sugu» once more.
Deciding so listlessly, I passed through the village's gate, striding towards the forest covered in the ominous night.

There is no sky within Aincrad. In its place, the bottom of the next floor stretching out for a hundred meters overhead is all. Thus, the only times that the Sun could be seen directly were restricted to the mornings and evenings. Of course, the Moon follows suit.
Even then, it's not as if daytime is dim with the night pitch being black. Area lighting is applied similar to other common VR spaces, ensuring there is ample gamma. Even in the forest at night, while obviously not to the level of day, a pale blue light illuminates all the way to one's feet, posing no inconvenience even when running.
Despite that, but the gloom in one's heart is another matter all together. Regardless of how much attention is paid to one's surroundings, the anxiety that something could be right behind still floats up every so often. It was only at times like this that I start to miss the sense of security from playing as a party, but I was beyond the point of no return. Both in terms of distance, as well as what the system dictated.
The number of «skill slots» allocated to a level 1 player was a mere two.
One of those slots I filled with «One-handed Sword» right after the start of the game at one o'clock in the afternoon today, and intended to consider carefully what to put in the other empty slot. However, after experiencing that nightmarish tutorial and leaving the Starting City behind, the chance to mess around with skills had been robbed from me.
For solo players, there are several indispensable skills. Among those, the most important ones are «Searching» and «Hiding». Each one of those two can increase the rate of survival. However, the former can also increase the efficiency of hunting, while the latter's efficiency falls slightly in this forest, due to a certain reason. As such, I chose the searching skill, deciding to add the hiding skill on my next slot increment.
That said, those skills were not focused on much, since manpower already increases the degree of safety —that is, the same effect could be achieved through sight by spreading out the searching range when playing as a party. In other words, the moment I took up «Searching», I had already chosen to forfeit all paths other than the one where I rush straight through as a solo player. At some point this decision might come back to haunt me, but at the very least, it wouldn't right now...
Within my vision, as I walked while thinking of such things in a corner of my mind, a small colored cursor was displayed. The reaction range was enlarged due to the searching skill; hence, I was still unable to confirm it by sight. The cursor was of the red that denoted a monster, but it had a slightly dark hue, perhaps closer to magenta, rather than red.
This reddish shade could be used to loosely determine the relative strength of the enemy. The cursors of the monsters that one cannot defeat no matter much one struggles, those with an overwhelming disparity in levels, were a dark crimson, more intense than blood. Most of those weak monsters, from which scarcely any experience points can be gained no matter how many one kills, are a light pink, close to white. Suitable enemies of equal levels are depicted as pure red.
Presently, the cursor appearing within my vision is a red, slightly more intense than average. The name of the monster is «Little Nepent». Despite having little attached to its name, it is a walking predatory plant with a stature of a meter and a half. It was level 3, hence the cursor seen by the level 1 me was colored purple.
Although it wasn't an opponent to be made light of, there was no need for fear either. That is due to the narrow yellow border surrounding the cursor, indicating that it is the target mob for a quest.
I stopped walking for a moment, and after confirming the absence of other mobs in the vicinity, I turned to the Little Nepent once again and dashed in head-on. Rear attacks are rarely effective on monsters without eyes, such as this.
Stepping off the small path, I circled around a grand, old tree and the monster’s form entered my sight.
On its lower body that brings to mind the Nepenthes species, countless roots were writhing about as it used them to move. Vines, with pointed leaves attached, twisted about at its side and it had a «mouth» for consumption of prey near where its head should have been, dribbling a viscous liquid as it snapped open and shut.
"...A miss."
Having seen that much, I murmured softly. Occasionally, one with a large flower blooming atop its mouth would appear. The key item needed for the quest received at Horunka Village, «Little Nepent's Ovule», drops from none other than a Nepent with that flower attached. And the rate of one with the flower appearing is likely less than one percent.
However, even if they are normal Nepents, as long as one continues defeating them, the appearance rate of one with a flower will increase. As such, engaging it in battle is not a waste, but there is an important point that cannot be ignored.
It is that, at a rate similar to one with a flower, a type of Nepent with a round fruit attached might appear. That one could be said to be a «trap». If the fruit is struck in the midst of battle, it will break off with a deafening sound, emitting fumes with an unpleasant odor. The fumes possess neither poisonous nor corrosive properties, but it has the extremely troublesome chacteristic of rallying together its fellow Nepents from the surroundings. Not many would be summoned if the POP of the area was running low, but given the current circumstances, an obviously immeasurable amount would be gathered together.
I focused my eyes again, and upon confirming a lack of fruit on the enemy, I drew the sword on my back once more. The Nepent noticed me at the same time, raising its two vines up high threateningly.
The attack pattern for this mob includes the use of the pointed edge of its ivy to slash and stab, like a dagger, and the disgorgement of corrosive fluids from its mouth. It has much more variety compared to the blue wild boar that simply charged recklessly, but as it doesn't use sword skills, it could be said to be easier than the demi-human mobs such as Kobolds and Goblins.
And above all, its ability leans a fair amount towards the offensive side, with its defense weak. Even in «the previous Aincrad», I was fond of these types of monsters. After all, as long as you don't receive any of the attacks, it is possible to take down several of them within a short time.
"Shuuuuu!"
And with that howl spilling out from its prey-trapping mechanism of a mouth, the Nepent thrust its right vine towards me. Reading its trajectory in an instant, I jumped towards the left to dodge it. Turning towards its side in the same motion, I drove my sword into the part joining the pitcher portion and its thick stalk —its weak point.
It was a decent counter. The Nepent's HP bar slumped, with more than a twenty percent decrease.
Letting out a voice of anger once again, the plant inflated its pitcher. The startup animation for the firing of the corrosive fluids. The range was as long as five meters. It was impossible to dodge even when retreating straight backwards.
Aside from HP damage and a drastic drop in equipment durability, thanks to its viscosity, the player's movement will also be obstructed. However, the effect is limited to a narrow angle of 30 degrees in front. After determining the timing to do so until the very last moment, the instant the expansion of the pitcher portion of its body stopped, I jumped with all my might towards the right this time.
A pale green fluid shot out in a spray with a *Bushuu!*, forming a white vapor as it fell onto the ground. But having avoided getting even a single drop showered on me, I touched down onto the ground with my right foot and brandished my sword, dealing a hard blow to the same weak point once again. With a scream, the Nepent's prey-trapping mechanism bent backwards as a yellow light effect encircled it. A stunned status. It might be strange for a plant to be stunned, but there was no way I could let this chance slip.
Once again, I forcefully pulled my sword towards the right. With that movement done in an instant, the sword skill activated, engulfing the blade in a faint, pale blue light.
"...Raa!"
In this battle— or perhaps for the first time since SAO officially went online, a yell welled out of me, and I violently kicked off from the ground. The single-hit, horizontal offensive technique to the neck, «Horizontal». The only thing about it that differs from «Slant», is whether it's slanted or horizontal, but this way made it easier to aim for the Little Nepent's weak point.
Right before the plant mob recovered from its stun, with close to fifty percent of its HP lost to the earlier two attacks, its exposed stalk was given a straight slash by the sword skill. Of course, I was boosting the force to its maximum with the movement from my kicking foot and right arm. Glowing with a light effect the sword blade cut into the tough stalk, facing what resistance remained for a moment—
"Sukaan!", as that groan sounded out, the pitcher portion was sliced from the stalk, flying off in mid-air by itself. What remained of the gauge was dyed in deep red, vanishing from the right side. As it reached zero, the Little Nepent's large form was frozen in blue. And then, it exploded.
With my sword still in the motion of the technique I had executed, I ceased movement. The indication of experience points, twice that of the wild boar, being added floated into view. The battle took approximately forty seconds. If I were to continue this pace, I should be able to attain a fairly decent level of efficiency.
With the drawn sword in my right hand lowered, I surveyed my surroundings. Close to the limit of my searching range, several Little Nepent cursors arose. Those yet unseen by players.
Before others catch up to these hunting grounds, I must level up as much as I possibly can. With such vigor that the POP of the area will reach the point of exhaustion. That would be such a high level of egotism that it couldn't be marveled at, even if I do say so myself, but it wasn't time for the hypocrisy of a philanthropic solo player.
Having listlessly settled on my next prey, I started running into the deep forest once more.

Keeping it up for fifteen minutes, over ten Little Nepents were already slaughtered.
Unfortunately, one with a flower attached had yet to appear. In this there is a «real luck-dependency», as referred to in gamer lingo—in other words, it is reliant on the factor of luck the actual player has. Where quests were concerned there hadn't been many incidents where I'd been blessed with luck as far as I can remember.
Even if it's a source of irritation, players who can boast of their luck, obtaining super rare items with drop rates of 0.00 or so percent, one after another, succeeding in their equipment refinement ten times in a row, and in addition, even getting along well with girls within games; these players certainly do exist. To compete with them, there was no method but to simply earnestly repeat those attempts over and over again. Of course, regarding those attempts, I meant the rare items. I have absolutely no intention of spamming greetings whenever I meet with any girls.
In the first place, due to what Kayaba - who could be considered a god - had done, the avatars in-game were presently matched to their appearances in reality, and the population of female players in Aincrad must have taken a sharp dip. It was helpful that one would have no need to doubt if the other party was actually a male «inside», but it must have been quite an ordeal for those intending to take up the role-play of a girl, choosing a name and initial equipment befitting of that. I can do nothing but hope that Kayaba had prepared a name changing item, quest or something of that sort, for their sake...
Perhaps due to being ahead of schedule, as I thought about such things in a portion of my head, upon defeating the eleventh plant monster, a light fanfare rang out within my hearing. At the same time, a golden light effect wrapped around my body. Along with what I had gained from hunting wild boars with Klein beside the city, before the start of the death game, I had finally exceeded the number of experience points needed to level up.
If I were to be playing in a party, calls of "congrats" would probably be springing up from all around in that instant. Instead, while listening to the rustling from the treetops of the old trees ringing out, I stored my sword back into the scabbard on my back. I drew back my index and middle fingers and swiped them downwards, pulling out the main menu window. Switching to the status tab, for the 3 precious status points added, I allocated 1 to Strength, and 2 to Agility. In SAO, where magic does not exist, these two are the only visible statuses, so there was no real need to hesitate. In exchange, a huge number of skills, encompassing all sorts of battle-type and production-type skills are in place —or so it seems; hence, it will likely be a large cause of worry when the number of skill slots eventually increases.
However, on this very day, to survive through this single hour, I have no choice, but to risk my life. Before thinking about the future, I must first ensure that I am adequate, level-wise, for a so-called, «safety margin».
Finishing the status up process, I closed the window, and behind me—
Suddenly, some sort of stiff clapping sound repeatedly rang out.
"...!"
I wildly jumped back, placing my hands onto my sword's handle. Getting absorbed in operating the window while in the field, letting down my guard towards my back was a mistake that even a beginner wouldn't make.
Berating myself as I prepared for battle, what I saw was a being that shouldn't have appeared within this forest, a humanoid monster —no, it was an actual human.
And it wasn't an NPC. It was a player.
A man slightly taller than myself. Around the same age. His defensive equipment were the light leather armor and buckler sold at Horunka Village. His weapon was the same Small Sword from the initial equipment. That said, the sword wasn't exactly drawn. In a stance where his empty hands hit each other in front of his body, he left his mouth agape.
In other words, the clapping sound effect from earlier was the sound of applause from this man —or perhaps boy would be more fitting— for my level up.
After I took a short breath as I lowered my hands, the boy showed an awkward smile, bowing his head down for a moment.
"...S-Sorry, for startling you like that. I should have called out from the start."
"......No, me too... sorry for the overreaction."
Mumbling a reply, I stuffed my hands that had lost their purpose into the pockets of my half coat. The boy, whose features gave a first impression of seriousness, widened his faltering smile, and made some sort of gesture, bringing the fingers on his right hand up near his right eye. As he lowered his hand with embarrassment immediately after, I realized that he definitely wore glasses back in the real world.
"C-Congrats, on your level up. That was pretty quick."
I reflexively lowered my head towards the boy's words. It felt off, as if he had seen through my thoughts of "If I were to be playing in a party" from earlier. I shook my head from side to side in a fluster.
"It's not that fast... —And if you are going to say that, you're fast too. I thought it would be two or three more hours before anyone reached this forest."
"Ahaha, I thought I would be the first to arrive too. The path to get here is rather confusing, after all."
The instant I heard those words, I finally noticed, though belatedly.
He is the same as me.
Not in terms of equipment and gender. Nor as the position of a prisoner in this death game of SAO players.
This boy had as much knowledge as me. The location of Horunka Village. The reason why it was better not to buy a Bronze Sword. In addition, the area with the largest POP of Little Nepents. In other words—he was an «original beta tester».[13] Just like me.
The world's first VRMMO game, Sword Art Online, officially went online with ten thousand people gathered as players today, on November 6th, 2022. However, three months before that, offered to a mere thousand people through a lottery, was the game's play trial— that is to say, a beta test was carried out.
In that test flooded by tens of thousands of applications, that was the only time I had an unbelievable stroke of real luck (though it could be considered as terribly bad luck by this point in time), by being selected. The test period lasted the whole of August. With the summer vacation allowing it, I continued to full dive from morning to night—though to be accurate, it was from the afternoon to early morning, bustling about Aincrad, which had not yet become a cage of death, in a daze, brandishing my sword, and dying. Over and over again.
Through countless attempts, via trial and error, I accumulated an extensive amount of knowledge and experience.
The small paths and ways of escape not shown on the map. The locations of towns and villages, the stock shops keep. The price and specifications of the equipment sold there. The activation requirements of quests and how to clear them. The spawn areas of monsters, their powers, and also, their weaknesses—
It was due to those bits and pieces of knowledge that I've gotten here alive—deep within a forest far from the Starting City. If I was a complete newbie that did not participate in the beta test, I would likely not even think of leaving the city alone.
The same could be said of the boy standing several meters in front.
There was no doubt the one-handed swordsman with hair slightly longer than mine went through the experience of the beta test just like me. Not just how he knows of the roads of this forest that resembles a maze, but even the stance he adopts as he stands too, shows a familiarization with the original VR engine used by SAO.
The guess that I developed to that extent within several seconds was easily supported by a single phrase from the boy.
"You're doing it too, right? The «Secret Medicine of the Forest» quest."
That was unmistakably the title of the quest I received at the private house in the village earlier. There was no more reason to deny it if he had already read my intentions that far. Upon nodding, he grinned while shifting his hand to those unseen glasses once again.
"That's an indispensable quest to one-handed sword users, after all. When you get that «Anneal Blade» reward, it's good all the way till the third floor's labyrinth."
"...The appearance isn't much to talk about though, that weapon."
As I added that bit in, the boy let out a bright "Ahahaha" laugh. After finally ending that laughter, he opened his mouth after a short pause. What came out were words slightly different from my expectations.
"This is a rare chance, so how about working together on the quest?"
"Eh... I do believe that was an individual-only quest though."
I replied so spontaneously. There are quests that allow all members of a party to clear it by running through it as a party, and those that do not, and the type of this «Secret Medicine of the Forest» belonged to the latter. There was only one of the crucial key item, «Little Nepent's Ovule», hence only one would drop, and even when challenging it as a party, the number of items that need to be collected would end up having to be equal to the number of people involved in the end.
However, the boy gave a smile as though he had predicted my words.
"Well, that might be true, but the rate of a «one with a flower» will increase if the normal ones get hunted down as much as possible. Pushing that to the extremes as a pair is more effective."
It certainly was just as he had said. I couldn't aim for any monsters not by themselves as a solo, but with two, we could go up against two of them at the same time. Along with the advantage of shortening the time spent choosing targets, the number that could be hunted down would increase accordingly—and with that, the chance of one with a flower should similarly increase.
Just as I was about to nod in acceptance, I harshly stiffened my avatar up.
That was because I thought about the right I had to form a party now, after having abandoned that cheerful single-edged sword user, Klein... the first friend I made, just a short hour or so ago.
However, the boy took my hesitation the wrong way, and shook his head in a fluster.
"No, it's fine, you don't have to feel any obligation to form a party. You are the first one who got here, so of course, I'll concede the first key item to you. If we continue hunting at that boosted rate, the second will definitely drop soon, so if you can stick with me till then..."
"Ah... aah, that's right... then, excuse me, but..."
With that incoherent reply, I nodded. If we were to fight as a party, all drops from monsters would go into not our individual storage spaces, but a temporary one instead, so technically, it would be possible for him to make off with the key item for the quest. That was likely what was thought as the source of my misgivings. Although in actual fact, that hadn't even crossed my mind yet, there was no worth in correcting that now.
Towards my assent, the boy laughed once again, before he stepped up and offered his right hand.
"That's good to hear; well then, I'll be in your care for the time being. I am «Coper»."
If he was originally a beta tester like me, it wouldn't be odd if I knew him previously, but I had no recollection of that name.
Of course, there was the chance that he might be using a different name from during the beta period, and in the first place, his name wasn't displayed on his color cursor, so it couldn't even be confirmed if that was his «real name». Similarly, I could use a false name as well. However, I am awful with character naming, so for me, having used a simple abbreviation of my real name in the various net games I've played thus far, there was no way I could do something like making up a false name in an instant.
"...Do treat me well. I am «Kirito»."
Upon giving my name, the boy—Coper lightly tilted his head to the side.
"...Kirito... eh, just where did I..."
Somehow, it seems that the other party knew me indirectly from the beta period. Reflexively thinking that it might have a negative effect, I immediately spoke out.
"That's probably someone else. Come on, let's get hunting. We have to get two «ovules» before the other players get here."
"Y...Yea, that's right. Let's go for it."
Nodding to each other, we targeted a couple of Little Nepents grouped together nearby and dashed towards them.

As expected of an original beta tester, Coper's sense for battle was nothing to scoff at.
He knew quite a bit about the distance to keep away while using a one-handed sword, the behavior monsters exhibit, and the usage of sword skills. In my opinion, he was focusing slightly too much on defense, but that was only understandable in this situation. We naturally settled into a routine with good synergy, with Coper first luring the target, then me striking at its weak point with all my might, reducing our prey into polygon fragments one after another as a pair.
The hunting went smoothly, but there was still one large irregularity that came to mind.
Even until now, we did not exchange a single comment about the situation that SAO was currently in. Was Kayaba's proclamation the truth? If we die here, will we really die? Just how will this world turn out from now on...? All of those questions must have occurred to Coper as well, but there was no talk of anything beyond items and quests between us, from the start to the very end. And despite that, our conversation truly flowed naturally.
In other words—it must have been because both of us were heavy MMO addicts. Even if the world were to change into a death game, even if the log out button were to disappear, as long as we are in the game, it's the time for quests and experience earning. We are likely beyond help now, but thinking back on it, Coper too, went to the extent of applying for the beta test as well, so there was no question that his very core was that of a net gamer. To put it simply, beyond the fear of death, we merely prioritized our urge to strengthen our characters...
No.
No, that's not it.
Surely, both Coper and I are still unable to look reality in the eye yet.
Leveling up efficiently; exhausting the POP rate; even if we go through these near-sighted calculations, our thoughts on the foundation are still in suspension. We averted our sight away from the reality of the Nerve Gear discharging high intensity electromagnetic waves, frying our brains upon our HP reaching zero, and as an avenue of escapism, simply aimed for what was «ahead» without prior consideration. Comparatively, the players who remained in the Starting City could even be said to be significantly more calm in their understanding of the situation.
However, if that was so—
The fact that I was going up against dreadful monsters like this right now, fighting on my absolute own free will, would mean that I certainly was unable to comprehend the current reality. Unaffected by the anxiety of dying for real being the entire basis for why I am still able to dodge these pointed vines and dangerous corrosive fluids capable of killing me off, with the slightest of movements.
The instant I realized that, a premonition came to me.
Aah... in the near future, I'll definitely die.
«An actual death», in other words, the first rule of a death game; to not understand that rule, was to not look out for the line that one must not cross. It was no different from walking at the edge of a cliff in the midst of darkness, entrusting all to fate. Thinking back on it, exiting the city on my own, stepping into this forest area with poor vision, was already a deed at the extremes of foolhardiness...
*Gulp!* An intense chill ran down my spine, going all the way to the tips of my hands and feet, putting a stop to my avatar's movement.
At that exact moment, I aimed at the Little Nepent—just how many I had already downed I do not know—and swung my sword towards its weak point; if I had been frozen stiff for even half a second more, I would have definitely received a painful counter in return.
Coming back to my senses, the re-activated sword skill, «Horizontal», sliced off the plant's stalk in my precarious situation. A shattering sound rang out, and formless glass-like flakes passed through me, scattering into the air.
At my back, battling another Nepent, was Coper, who fortunately seemed to have not noticed my abnormal behavior. Slower by five seconds and annihilating the enemy without any usage of skills, he turned around with a sigh.
"......It's still not out..."
His voice was tainted with traces of fatigue as expected. Over an hour had passed since he started fighting as a team with me. Although close to over a hundred and fifty Nepents must have been taken down by the two of us already, the POP of the «one with a flower» had yet to occur.
To shake off the chills that have yet to cease reverberating throughout my frame, I gave my shoulders a firm jerk.
"It could be that the rate at which it appears was changed since the beta period... It's not like it's the first time I've heard of a MMO that lowered the rate of rare drops after it officially went online..."
"...That's true... —So, what now? We did manage to level up considerably, and the durability levels of our weapons have dropped by quite a bit, so returning to town for the time being might..."
When Coper reached that point in his speech, a faint red light came to life under a tree, a mere ten meters or so away from us.
Rough and unevenly-shaped polygon blocks were rendered, connecting to each other, forming a fuzzy image. It was a sight I was used to—the POP of a monster.
As Coper mentioned earlier, we have gained quite a lot of experience points with the «excess farming» we've done until now, with both of us reaching level 3. The level suitable to clear the first floor was around 10, from what I could recall of the beta period, so although it was still too early to proceed onwards, there was already no need to scramble for every single Little Nepent around. The color of the enemies' color cursors were also changing from magenta to red.
"......"
The two of us stood still on the grassy patch, and continued absentmindedly gazing at the spawning. Within several seconds, the Nepent, number one hundred and several tens, received a distinct appearance of its own, setting out on its path with its vines coiling about. A lustrous green stalk, the proof that it's alive; an unique speckled pattern adorning its prey-trapping mechanism; and above that—glistening a toxic red even beneath this dismal lightning, an enormous flower that resembled a tulip.
"........."
We remained watching that creature for several more seconds in a daze, before silently turning to each other.
"......——!!"
A muted war cry. Swinging our individual swords forth, with a vigor much like that of a cat assailing a mouse, we charged towards the «flower attached one» that had finally appeared and—
Right before that, I did an emergency brake with both feet while restraining Coper who was beside me with my left hand.
Why!? And as he turned towards me with that written on his face, I first flicked out the index finger on my left hand to grab his attention, then pointed it at what laid beyond the «flower attached one» far away.
It was hard to see, obstructed by many trees, but the shadow of another Nepent was visible in that direction. Spotting it was thanks to the searching skill and my slightly improved proficiency at it. Perhaps due to not taking up the searching skill yet, Coper had to strain his eyes through the darkness of the forest, taking several seconds before finally appearing to have confirmed it by sight.
If the Nepent beyond the one with a flower was a normal one, there would be no reason to hesitate in attacking. But of all the absurd timings it could have appeared at, a big lump just had to be right above that second prey-trapping mechanism, gently swaying back and forth.
If that were to be a flower as well, I would have no choice but to retract the proclamation of my «low real luck». That said, what was dangling on the end of the slender stalk of the second one, was a spherical ball with a diameter of around twenty centimeters—a «seed». If even a trifling graze was inflicted onto that, swelling out as though it could burst open any moment, it would immediately rupture and cause foul fumes to spread out. Those fumes would draw in swarms of rampaging Nepents, doubtlessly plunging us into peril from which we could not hope to escape, even with higher levels.
Just what should we do.
I was lost. There was the possibility of defeating the «one with a seed» without hurting the seed with my combat capabilities. However, that was not definite. If there was even the slightest chance of death, it would be best to be patient and wait until the ones with the flower and seed are separated, far away from each other.
However, there was a single rumor I heard during the beta period that added to my dilemma. Regarding the Little Nepent «with the flower», a precious, rare monster that drops the key item for a quest, if left alone without hunting it down, it would change into the extremely dangerous trap monster, the «one with a seed»... or at least, that’s what I heard back then.
It was not impossible; or rather, it certainly was a plausible tale. Even while looking on from these bushes, the petals of the flower on the Nepent, moving about around ten meters ahead, could be seen falling as they fluttered, a perfectly round seed growing out, resulting in a group of two Nepents with seeds when counted with the other one there—or so it might turn out.
"...Just what should we do..."
I murmured thus without thinking. The fact that I faltered here was proof that I had yet to draw the line between danger and safety. In this state of hesitation, falling back seems to be the rational choice, but I have to question my rationality at this current moment.
While I was frozen, as though afflicted by a stun-causing attack, Coper's low whisper reached my ears.
"—Let's go. I'll draw the «one with the seed»'s attention, please finish off the «one with the flower» quick."
And without waiting for a reply, those boots from the initial equipment stepped forth.
".........Got it."
I replied, following behind Coper.
I had yet to resolve my hesitation. I had only put it off. But with this situation advancing, I could do nothing but to shift my focus onto this sword and avatar. If I was unable to handle even that, I would really die.
The one with the flower was the first to notice Coper's approach, twirling its body around. "Shaaaaa!", the borders of the prey-trapping mechanism, appearing much like the lips of a human being, bellowed out while quivering.
Veering to the right, aiming at the one with the seed further within, Coper still held the attention of the one with the flower. Having gotten closer, I took advantage of the opportunity, brandishing the sword in my right hand, with all doubts thrown to the wind.
Even if it was a rare monster with an appearance rate of lower than one percent, the Nepent with a flower had stats barely any different from the normal ones. Its defense and attack were slightly higher, but that deviation meant nothing to me, having gotten to level 3 after over an hour of hunting.
Even with all these doubts lingering in my mind, the accumulated experience of battles from the beta period made my avatar move instinctively, evading attacks from the Nepent's vines by parrying and stepping aside, piling up counterattacks one after another. Its HP gauge turned yellow in ten seconds, and I started up a sword skill to finish it off after a single jump backwards.
With the increase in my one-handed straight sword proficiency through the numerous battles, it felt like the activation speed and range of skills have also increased. When the Nepent attempted to spew out its corrosive fluids, before managing to inflate its prey-trapping mechanism even halfway, its fleshy stalk was sliced apart by the blue arc of the single-hit «Horizontal» letting out a creaking sound.
The shriek that echoed out too, was slightly different from the norm. The decapitated pitcher portion spun as it dropped to the ground, scattering away as polygons—but before that, the flower at the top of its head fell down delicately.
A fist-sized ball, shining faintly, tumbled out from its insides. The thing rolled all the way to my feet, and just as it touched the tips of my boots, the Nepent's trunk and prey-trapping mechanism blasted apart, one after another.
I bent my body over, picking up the gleaming sphere—the «Little Nepent's Ovule» with my left hand. In order to obtain this key item, over a hundred and fifty monsters must have been defeated, not to mention getting stuck in that state of indecision over one thing or another.
As that came to my mind, I got the desire to idly sit down in some meadow, but it was still far too early to release this tension. I had to back up Coper, who was taking the responsibility for drawing the attention of the dangerous «one with a seed» a short distance away.
"Sorry for the wait!"
Shouting out as I lifted my head, I dropped the ovule in my left hand into the belt pouch on my waist. It would honestly give me more relief if I opened up the window and stored it in my storage space, but it was not the time to leisurely operate it like so. I restored my grip onto my sword, and ran several steps—
For some reason, my feet appeared to have stopped all by themselves.
I didn't understand it too. Just right ahead, the partner that I unexpectedly gained, Coper, was skillfully handling the Nepent's assaults with his sword and buckler. Perhaps because he specialized in defense from the start, it seemed that he had enough control to face this way, even in the midst of battle. Giving off an aura of seriousness, with slightly narrowed eyes, he stared into me—with those eyes.
Something in his gaze caused my feet to halt.
What was it? Why was Coper looking on me with those eyes? As if they were filled with distrust, or possibly pity.
Strongly fending off the Nepent's vine attack with the buckler, as Coper broke off the bout, he delivered a short line while looking at me, who was standing stock still.
"Sorry, Kirito."
And he returned his sight to the monster, forcefully raising the sword in his right hand above his head. The blade glistened light blue. A sword skill was activated. That motion—was that of the single-hit vertical slash, «Vertical».
"No... that's bad, isn't it..."
Even with the confusion caused by the earlier statement, I murmured so with my mind numb.
The upper portion of the stalk, a weak point of the Little Nepent, was obstructed by its sturdy prey-trapping mechanism, and as such, vertical attacks are ineffective. Additionally, there was a clear reason why Coper should not be using a vertical slash now. He should also be well aware of that.
However, the sword skill was already beyond the point of no return. The avatar, half taken over by the system assist, kicked the ground savagely, and the glowing blade was driven into the Nepent's prey-trapping mechanism—or at least, what was above it, striking that wobbling, round «seed».
*Baaan!*
That explosive sound shook the forest at a monstrous volume.
This was the second time I heard this sound. The first was of course, during the beta test period. At that time, the members of my ad hoc party carelessly poked it with a spear, and due to the swarm of Little Nepents attracted by the odor, the four of us at level 2 to 3 died before we could even try to escape.
Coper's «Vertical» that smashed the seed continued, slicing apart the Nepent's prey-trapping mechanism as well, cutting through its HP gauge. The monster soon blew apart, but the vague green fumes left behind in the air and that queer stench that reached my nose did not fade away.
Facing Coper, who had avoided the fumes and jumped aside with vigor, I spat words out in a daze.
"Wh... Why..."
It wasn't an accident. That attack was intentional. Coper slashed that «seed» of his own free will, bursting it open.
The original beta tester who fought alongside me for this one hour repeated himself without looking at me.
"...Sorry."
From the direction of that avatar, I saw a great number of color cursors appearing.
From the right too. From the left too. And also, from the back too. They were the Little Nepents drawn by the fumes. There was no mistake that every one of the individual beings that had POP-ed in this area were gathering, without a single one absent. There were twenty in total... no, there were easily over thirty. It's impossible; the instant I decided that, my feet began to try and escape by their own accord, but that too, was impossible. Even if I were to break through the blockade, the highest movement speed of Nepents was far higher than one would be led to believe from their outer appearance and I would befall the attention of other monsters before I got away. Retreat was no longer possible—
In other words, this was suicide?
Was I dragged along, only to die here? Was Coper crushed under the pressure from the fear of «death in reality», wishing to retire from this death game?
Frozen stiff as I stood there, I wondered vacantly.
However, that guess was in error.
Not bothering to even look at me any further, Coper, with his sword already returned to its scabbard on the left side of his waist, started to run towards a thicket nearby having turning to that direction. There was no hesitation in his movements. He had not given up on living through this yet. However.
"It's futile..."
I squeezed the words that almost couldn't escape out from my throat.
The swarm of Little Nepents was flooding in from all directions. Slipping through any gaps, or cutting a path through with a sword would be difficult, and even if that actually worked, the enemies would impede any attempts to continue. No, in the first place, if Coper intended to escape now of all times, just why did he slice that seed with «Vertical»? Perhaps he planned to die, but lost his nerve upon seeing the huge mass of monsters, and thought of struggling to the bitter end?
I thought through those things in a corner of my mind; over half of it already numb, as I followed behind Coper who dove into a small thicket. With the dense growth of leaves obstructing, his avatar went out of sight, but his color cursor was still displayed as—...
It wasn't. He shouldn't have gotten twenty meters away yet, but Coper's color cursor had vanished from my vision. He might have used a «teleport crystal» to perform an emergency retreat; was what I thought for a moment, but that should not be it. That item was terribly valuable, and there was no way he managed to buy it at the beginning like this, not to mention that the 1st floor had neither shops that sold it, nor monsters that dropped it.
In that case, there was only one answer. The special effects of the «Hiding» skill. Erasing the sight of the color cursor from players, and not drawing the attention of monsters. Coper did not leave the second skill slot empty; he had already taken up the hiding skill. That might have been why when we first met, I did not notice him approaching me from behind...
As I felt the ground quake beneath the groups of monsters gushing forth, I came to that conclusion, and finally—though it was much too slow, I realized.
Coper was not fleeing from a suicide attempt after getting a taste of fear.
He was trying to kill me.
Going to the extent of breaking the «seed», gathering together the Nepents from all around. Followed by concealing his own body with the hiding skill, all by himself. Focusing over thirty monsters' undivided attention onto me, who was incapable of hiding. A truly orthodox modus operandi, of how «MPK»[14] works.
Upon understanding that, his motive was clear as day. He intended to steal the quest key item, «Little Nepent's Ovule», that I picked up just a moment ago. If I were to die, the item would drop right there from within my equipment, or the pouch it was in. After the mass of Nepents have dispersed, Coper could pick up the «ovule», return to the village and clear the quest.
"......So that's it......"
As I set my sight upon the horde of abnormalities, close enough for me to not have to rely on the color cursors any longer, I whispered.
—Coper. He was not escaping from the reality of the situation. It was the opposite. He had already acknowledged the reality of this so-called death game, advancing onto the stage as a proper player. His decision, was to swindle, outwit and rob other players, for the sake of his own life.
Surprisingly, I felt no enmity rise up within me.
Even though I fell right into the trap, and was about to be murdered, curiously enough, my mind was composed. Part of that might have been due to my recognition of that single «hole» existing in Coper's plan.
"...Coper. You don’t know about it, do you?"
I had no idea if he could hear me, but I articulated so, in the direction of the thicket a slight distance away.
"This must have been the first time you took up the «hiding» skill. It may be a useful skill, but it's not quite bulletproof. Against monsters that rely on senses aside from sight, it's not very effective. For example, something like a Little Nepent."
Rampaging as they assembled, a cluster of the predatory plants storming in like an avalanche were clearly heading towards the thicket Coper was hidden in. He must have noticed how he constantly drew attention despite hiding by now. That was the exact reason why I took up searching over hiding.
Feeling calmer than ever, I turned towards the rear, and laid my eyes onto the ranks of Nepents rushing in from there. The enemies from behind will be assailing Coper, so it's fine to leave them alone for now. Before the situation concludes behind, if I were to annihilate those in front, there might just be a chance to return alive. Of course, the odds of that were one to ten thousand though.
Despite death approaching close enough to graze me, I am still unable to face it as reality, and took up my Small Sword as I always did. Its durability was depleted from the hundred and tens of battles it went through till now, with chips and scratches everywhere on its blade. If I were to wield it roughly, it might even break apart during this battle.
Reducing the number of slashes to the minimum. Hitting exactly below the enemies' prey-trapping mechanism, their weak point, with a «Horizontal» at full boosted power as I kicked off and swung my arm, I slaughtered each in one blow. If I wasn't capable of doing that at the very least, it was certain that the worst manner of death would greet me when I lose my armaments.
I heard the sounds of the monsters' howls and attacks from behind, as well as Coper, who seemed to be shouting something.
But I turned back no more, and focused all my senses on the foes I was up against.

The few minutes since then—or perhaps the few tens of minutes since then, I had no proper recollections of any details from that period, even after the passing of much time.
I lost most of my logical thinking. All I was aware of, were the enemies before me, that plain sword, and the flesh guiding it—or to be accurate, it was only the motion commands issued by my brain.
Predicting the types and trajectories of the attacks coming from the monstrosities by their motions, avoiding those with minimum movement, countering by sinking a sword skill in. With what I had done in the battles up till now, with the inefficiencies in the motions ironed out, my precision increased.
In SAO, «unavoidable magic attacks» do not exist. As a result, theoretically, if a player's sense of judgment and reaction were ridiculously high, it would be possible to dodge any and every attack without pause. That said, I don't have that much skill as a player, and there's way too many enemies, so some sort of flawless execution would not happen. Vines stretched out from all four directions, grazing me and drops of the corrosive fluids hurled at me made holes in my leather coat one after another. While my HP gauge was whittled down as time passed, my virtual, actual «death» took another step closer.
However, I narrowly avoided any direct hits, and continued to swing my sword.
If I were to suffer from even a half second delay due to a direct hit, it would lead to a stream of consecutive blows that will not cease until my death. Just which will happen first: damage shaving my HP down to zero, or getting my movement arrested and dying in an instant?
During the beta test period, no, even before that, within the numerous MMO games I played, I had fallen into such desperate situations countless times. At times like those, after making a slight attempt at escaping my doom, I would think about how annoying it was to recover from the death penalty, or maybe how it would be nice if my weapon didn't drop at least, as I sat back and waited for my HP to fall to zero.
If I wished for a «sense of reality» in this world, I would just have to do that now. At the very least, I would be able to find out whether Kayaba's declaration was the truth, or a malicious prank.
It felt like a small voice whispered that within my mind. But I ignored it, and continued decapitating the heads of the endlessly appearing Nepents with naught but «Slants» and «Horizontals».
Because I didn't want to die? Well, that's for sure.
But, there was one other thing; some other motive spurring me on to fight. At this very moment, forcibly warping the shape of my mouth—something was changing its form into one that could even be considered a smile.
This is it, was what I thought.
This is SAO. Despite having dived in for over two hundred hours in the beta test, I was completely unable to perceive the true essence of this game named SAO. I haven't been fighting for an actual cause.
The sword was not simply an item classified as a weapon, and the body was not simply an object capable of motion. When synchronized with one's consciousness to the upmost limits, in that moment it all came together, there was a new phase that I could reach. I was only able to catch a glimpse of the entrance to that world still. I want to know what lies ahead. I want to keep moving ahead.
"U... ooooaaaa!!"
I howled, and kicked off the ground.
A «Horizontal», leaving behind even its own light effect, swung out and caused the prey-trapping mechanism of two Nepents, lined up in a file, to soar ever higher.
Immediately after, from a location slightly away at my back, a remarkably sharp sound rang out fleetingly with a *Kashaaan!*.
It was distinctively different from the sound of a monster blowing up into scattered fragments. A effect that heralded a player's death.
Coper, who was surrounded by over ten of them, had finally expended all of his energy.
"......h!!"
I started to turn around by reflex, but resisting that, I slaughtered the last two around me, one after another.
Then I finally turned behind.
The Nepents who killed off their first target directed their bloodlust towards me. Their numbers accounted to seven. That would make it over five of them that Coper managed to drive off in that situation. The reason why he did not scream aloud in his final moments was most likely not due to lacking the composure to do so, but due to the pride he held as an original beta tester.
"......Good work."
Mouthing the standard line in response to those «logging out» of net games, I brandished my now corroded sword right before me. It could have even been possible to escape from this situation right now, but that thought didn't even occur to me.
Of the seven Nepents who caught sight of their new prey and were rushing in, a deep red «flower» just had to be blooming right at the top of the prey-trapping mechanism belonging to the one leading.
If only he didn't try to kill me through MPK, and just worked hard at it for a little longer, Coper would have gotten his very own «ovule» as well. But, there was no purpose in saying that now. These were the consequences of those actions. That was all.
My HP gauge was lower than forty percent, and would enter the critical red area soon, but I entertained thoughts of death no more. I sensed the two on the right side within those seven initiating the motion for their corrosive fluid spray, dashed there with all my might, and used a single shot to take care of the enemies who were stuck charging up.


I brought down the remaining five in the next twenty-five seconds, and the battle was over.

On the spot where Coper was obliterated, his Small Sword and Buckler laid fallen. Both were worn out, much like my sword.
He had fought on this Floating Castle Aincrad for several hours, and then, died. To be exact, his HP went to zero, and his virtual body was scattered. However, there was no means to check if that unknown somebody, in a street of the real Japan, lying down in a house somewhere, who manipulated that avatar had really died. All I could do, was bid farewell to this swordsman named Coper.
After thinking briefly, I picked up the sword, and thrust it deep into the roots of the biggest tree around. Next, I placed the «ovule», that dropped from the second one with a flower, onto that root.
"Here's yours, Coper."
I murmured, and stood up. Items left on the ground would have their endurance gradually decrease, eventually vanishing, but it should be able to serve as a gravestone marker for several hours.
With my back turned towards it, to return to the village, I began walking on the path heading east.
Even though I witnessed the death of the partner who deceived me, and faced death myself, while barely living through by the skin of my teeth, the «sense of reality of this death game» that I held was as flimsy as always. But at the very least, the urge to get stronger had increased compared to before. Not for the sake of staying alive, but to understand the limits of sword techniques in SAO, though others would likely not understand that desire.
Perhaps due to the POP drying up from the duo's overly excessive hunting, I arrived back at Horunka without encountering any monsters.
The time was—nine o'clock at night. From the end of Kayaba's tutorial, three hours have already passed.
As expected, I could see several players in the village's plaza. They were probably original beta testers as well. At this rate, only those with experience from the beta test would proceed onwards, and a gap might eventually form between them and a great many of those without that experience... but that was not something I had the right to be worried over.
I had no desire to converse with others right now, so before the other players noticed me, I went through the alleyways, and headed for the inner portion of the village. Fortunately, the NPCs' behavior patterns seemed to have yet to progress into their late night versions, so the window of the house I headed for was still lit with an orange glow.
Striking the knocker for courtesy's sake, and then opening the door, the missus turned around, with something simmering on the stove as always. Floating above her head was the golden «!» that denoted a quest in progress.
Stepping up to her, from inside the pouch on my waist, I took out a sphere faintly shining light green—the «Little Nepent's Ovule» and handed it over.
The missus's face lit up, looking as though she was twenty years younger in an instant, and accepted the ovule. As she babbled on with words of gratitude, the quest log at the left of my vision updated.
Gently putting the ovule into the pot, the missus, who now appeared to be a young wife, walked over to a large chest placed at the south of the room, and opened its lid. From inside, she quietly took out a long sword in a red scabbard, and though it seemed decrepit, it gave off a presence entirely different from that of the initial equipment. Returning before me, she held out the sword with both hands, along with words of gratitude once again.
"...Thanks."
I murmured that single word, and accepted it. My right hand could feel its evident weight. The sensation it gave off was five times that of the Small Sword. The sword that really served me well even during the beta test—this «Anneal Sword»; It would take some practice to get used to it once again.
The quest completion message floated in the middle of my vision, the bonus experience points added, and my level got to four.
The old me would have burst out of the village, full of spirit, swinging my new sword at the «Large Nepent» enemies that appeared deep in the forest to the west.
But I totally didn't feel up to that at the moment, and after storing the new sword in my storage space, I sat down on a chair close by with a thud.
The quest was already completed, so the young wife won't even offer a glass of water. With her back turned to me, she was stirring the simmering pot on the stove once more.
As surges of fatigue finally washed over me, I absentmindedly continued to watch over the NPC's behavior. I wonder just how long I stayed that way. Within my vision, the young wife took out a wooden cup from the shelves, and filled it with the pot's contents using a ladle.
Holding the steaming cup with both hands earnestly, with significantly more care than the sword earlier, she walked towards the door in the interior.
I stood up without any real reason and followed behind the wife. The NPC that opened the door stepped towards a dimly lit room. If I'm not mistaken, during the beta period, when I tried to open this door by myself, it turned out to be locked by the system. Despite lingering hesitations, I too, stepped over the edge.
Within was a small bedroom. It was furnished with a dresser by the wall and a bed by the window, along with a single small chair.
And, lying on the bed was a girl, who looked to be seven or eight years of age.
The paleness on her face was apparent even under the moonlight. Her neck was thin too, with bony shoulders peeking out from the sheets.
Upon noticing her mother, the girl lifted her eyelids slightly, and next—she looked at me. Eeh, as I stood stock still with that thought, those lips, lacking in color, formed into a faint smile.
The mother reached out with her right hand, propping up the girl's back. That instant, the girl's body bent over, gripped by a coughing fit. Those light brown braids shook weakly over the back covered in a white negligee.
I checked the color cursor displayed near the girl once more. The NPC tag was unmistakably attached to it. Her name was «Agatha». That would be pronounced as Ah-ga-tha, I guess.
While stroking the girl—Agatha's back gently with her right hand, the mother sat down on the chair by the side, and spoke.
"Agatha. Here, the traveling swordsman got some medicine for you from the forest. If you drink this, you'll get better for sure."
And, she made the girl take a hold of the cup that her left hand held.
"...Okay."
Agatha nodded with a cute voice, and holding on to the cup with her small hands, she gulped it down.
A brilliant golden light poured out with a *Paa* sound effect, color instantly returned to her face, and the girl jumped out from her bed and started running around—nothing of that sort happened. However, as Agatha lowered the cup, it might be just me, but I thought a slight tinge of red returned to her cheeks.
Returning the now empty cup to her mother, Agatha returned her gaze to me as I was frozen on that spot, and grinned.
Her lips moved, her somewhat stuttering words flowed out like demure jewels.
"Thank you, onii-chan."
"......Ah..."
Without being able to give a proper answer, my two eyes opened wide as that sound escaped.
In the past——
In the far off past, it felt like something like this had happened.
My sister... Suguha caught a cold, and stayed in bed. My father was appointed overseas as always and my mother was unable to cancel a trip that she had to make to the company, hence I was in charge of nursing her for a mere two hours. That was, during elementary school... just which grade was it in? Honestly, I did think of it as a little bothersome, but I didn't leave her alone to go play, and wiped down Suguha's sweat, changing the cooling patch on her forehead.
When I did that, that girl suddenly said that she wanted to drink some ginger tea.
I reluctantly called up my mother, and asked for its recipe. It just needed ginger extract and honey to be dissolved in hot water, a procedure more simple than even cookery in Aincrad if done carelessly, but to me who had never even dabbled in cooking, it was of an extremely high difficulty. After carrying the ginger tea, made while getting my own fingers grated when I used the grater, to Suguha's bedside, that girl who was usually full of spiteful language, looked up to me with a meek face——
"......Uu...gh......"
All of a sudden, those sounds issued involuntarily from my throat.
I want to meet up with them.
I want to meet up with Suguha, with my mother, with my dad.
The overtly intense urge pierced through my avatar, causing me to stumble, and my two hands landed onto Agatha's bed. I lowered my knees onto the bedding like that, gripping onto the white sheets tightly, and those coarse sounds slipped out from me yet again.
I want to meet up with them. But that was not something that could be allowed. After all, the multiple electric fields let out by the Nerve Gear severed my consciousness from the real world completely, imprisoning me within this world.
While holding down the sobs that my mouth was bent on gushing out, I felt like I had finally understood the situation I was in. The «truth» of this world.
It was not just about dying or living. There was no way I could have truly experienced anything like «death» in the first place. After all, even in the real world—one like this one, a «world where dying really means death», I have never felt the presence of death close by.
Rather, it was the fact that this is a «parallel world». That I can't meet with the people I want to. That is, the one and only truth. That is the «reality» of this world.
Hiding my face deep within the sheets, I clenched my teeth as my entire body continued to tremble. There were no tears. No, they might be flowing down the cheeks of my real body made from flesh and blood while it lied on my bed in the real world. Possibly, even in front of Suguha, watching over me from the side.
"......What's the matter, onii-chan?"
Hearing that voice, a soft palm nervously touched my head.
That hand soon started stroking my hair awkwardly. Over and over again.
Until I cried myself out, that small hand never stopped moving.
(The Seventh Month of Human World Calendar 372)
Part 1[edit]
Grasping the axe.
Swinging upwards.
Striking down.
It might be just those actions, but if the mind was distracted even slightly, the reaction from the hard bark would bounce back relentlessly to both arms. Breathing, timing, speed, shifting of body weight, all of them must be perfectly controlled from the beginning, transmitting the hidden power from the heavy blade of the axe to the tree, producing a pleasant, clear, high-pitched sound.
While he could understand the theory well, actually doing it wasn’t that simple. Eugeo was given this task in the spring when he was ten, and it would be the second coming of summer since then, yet he could only get that pleasant feedback once out of ten swings. He was told by fellow axe users that his predecessor Garitta-jiisan always hit the bull’s eye, and even though he didn’t show his fatigue after brandishing the heavy axe, but after merely fifty times Eugeo’s hands went numb, his shoulders became sore, and he could no longer lift up his arms.
“Forty…… three! Forty…… four!”
He counted with his loudest voice to push himself while striking the axe on the great tree’s trunk, the sweat gushing out caused his eyes to blur, his hands became slippery, and his accuracy continually decreased. Partly due to his desperation, he grasped the woodcutting axe tightly and brandished it over his body.
“Forty…… nine! Fif……t……y!!”
His last strike was a big deviation from his usual skill, it hit the bark a distance away from the deep cut on the trunk, producing an ear-splitting metallic sound. Due to the reaction which was as if it could make a spark come out of his eyes, Eugeo dropped the axe, staggered a few steps back, then sat down on the thick moss.
While he repeated his rough breathing, he heard a voice mixed with laughter from his right.
“The good sound came out three out of fifty times. So the total is, erm, forty-one huh. It seems today’s Siral water is your treat, Eugeo.”
The owner of the voice, who was lying down slightly further away, was a young boy of a similar age. Eugeo didn’t reply immediately, but fumbled for the leather water canteen then picked it up. He greedily drank the water, which had become completely warm. After he became comfortable he closed it with the hard cork, then said,
“Hmn, yours is only forty-three, isn’t it? I’ll catch up soon anyway. Here, it’s your turn…… Kirito.”
“Yeah yeah.”
Kirito was Eugeo’s childhood friend and also his best friend, as well as his partner in this melancholy «Sacred Task» since spring last year. Kirito wiped the sweat off his black forelock, stretched his legs straight and raised his body. But he didn’t pick up the axe immediately; his hand was on his hip while he looked up above his head. Attracted by his action, Eugeo also looked up toward the sky.
The mid summer sky of the seventh month was still ridiculously blue, stuck at the center was the sun god Solus, which shone its overwhelming light from the sky. However, the light was obstructed by the branches of the great tree outstretched in all directions, most of it didn’t reach the roots where Eugeo and Kirito were.
At the same time the countless leaves of the great tree devoured the sun god’s blessing, its roots also relentlessly absorbed the favor of the earth god Terraria, allowing it to recover from Eugeo and Kirito’s hard work of steadily cutting it down. No matter how much they did during the day, after a night’s rest, when they came back the next morning, the tree would have already recovered half of the cut wounds from the previous day.
Eugeo sighed lightly as he looked back to the tree from the sky.
The great tree —— the «Gigas Cedar», its sacred name was given by the villagers, was the monster with a diameter of four mels, and had a height of seventy mels. The bell tower of the village church, which was the tallest building in the village, was only one quarter its height; to Eugeo and Kirito whose height only passed one and a half mels this year, this ancient titan was a very suitable opponent.
Is it unreasonable to cut down this guy using man power? —— Eugeo couldn’t help but think about this after seeing the cut on the trunk. The wedge-shaped cut wound had finally reached a depth of one mel, but the remainder of the trunk with three times the thickness was still healthy.
In spring last year, when he and Kirito were taken to village chief’s residence, as they were at the suitable age for the duty of «Chopping the giant tree», he had heard a mind-boggling story.
The Gigas Cedar had stretched its roots here long before Rulid village was founded, and the duty to cut the tree had been passed down the generations since the first settlers’ time. Counting from the first generation to his predecessor Garitta-jii, of the sixth generation, Eugeo and Kirito were the seventh generation. More than three hundred years had passed before they were given the duty.
————Three hundred years!
At that time, it was an unimaginable span for Eugeo, who had just reached his tenth birthday. Of course, that hadn’t changed even though he was eleven now. What he somehow could understand was, from the time of his parents, his grandparents, the time before that, and the time even further back, the amount of axe swings combined from those with this duty could be said to be infinite, and the result was just this cutting wound less than a mel deep.
Why was cutting down the great tree so important? The reason was explained in a severe tone by the village chief.
The Gigas Cedar, with its huge body and its excessive vitality, took away the blessings of the sun and earth gods from its surrounding area in an enormous range. Seeds sown on the land in the shadow of the great tree wouldn’t grow, any effort to plant anything near it was futile.
Rulid village was a part of the «Norlangarth North Empire», one of the four empires that divided and ruled over the «Human World», and it was also located in the remote northern region. In other words, this place could literally be called the edge of the world. North, east, and west, these three sides were surrounded by a steep mountain range, so in order to expand the fields or pastures, there was no way other than to cut down the forest in the south. However, that couldn’t be done due to the Gigas Cedar which was rooted at the entrance of the forest.
It had been said that its bark was as hard as iron, and even fire couldn’t cause the slightest burn, digging it up was also not possible as its roots were as deep as it was tall. Therefore the village founders had decided to chop its trunk down using the «Dragon Bone Axe» which could cut even iron, and the duty to do so had been passed down generations since then——
The village chief finished telling the mission in his trembling voice, it made Eugeo feel terrible, so he asked, why shouldn’t they just leave the Gigas Cedar alone and open up the forest further south.
Then the village chief replied in a frightening voice that cutting down the tree was their ancestors’ vow, that vocation had turned into the village’s custom to entrust chopping duty to two people. Next was Kirito, who tilted his head while wondering aloud why those ancestors chose to build the village here in the first place. The chief lost his words for a moment before going into a fiery rage, and hit Kirito’s and even Eugeo’s heads with his fist.
It had been a year and three months since then that the two continued taking turns with the Dragon Bone Axe and challenging Gigas Cedar. However, most likely due to their immature arms, their axe swing couldn’t make a deep cut into the tree trunk. The cut in the tree up until now was the result of the three hundred years of work, so it was natural that the hard work from the two young boys wouldn’t make much difference, they couldn’t feel any accomplishment from their work as a result.
No —— their mood, not only could it be seen, their clear form of depression seemed like it could be verified in reality too.
Kirito, standing beside Eugeo while staring wordlessly at Gigas Cedar, seemed to be thinking the same thing, then he briskly walked toward the trunk while stretching his left hand.
“Oi Kirito, don’t do it. The chief said not to peep excessively at the «Life» of the great tree, didn’t he?”
Eugeo hastily called out, but Kirito just glanced toward him while his usual mischievous smile floated on the edge of his mouth.
“The last time we looked was two months ago, it’s no longer excessively, just occasionally.”
“Always like this huh, it can’t be helped then. ……Oi, wait for me, let me look too.”
Eugeo whose body finally calmed down got up using the same movement Kirito did earlier and rushed to his partner’s side.
“Ready? Opening now.”
Kirito said in low voice, with his left hand out front, the index finger and middle finger stretched out tightly while the remaining fingers held close. A shape which looked like a creeping snake was drawn in the air before them. It was the most basic devoted symbol of the god of creation.
After slicing the symbol with his fingertip, Kirito immediately hit Gigas Cedar’s trunk. It didn’t make the dry striking sound it should have, but a clear sound as if it was from playing with silverware resounded softly. Then a small squared light window emerged out of the trunk.
Everything in the universe, regardless of whether it was able to move or not, had its existence governed by the god of creation Stacia in the form of «Life». Insects and flowers had a little, cats and horses had much more, and humans were given even more life than those. Then the trees in the forest and moss covered stones had many times more «Life» than humans. In all its forms, life had one similarity: it increased after being born, and once it reached the peak, continued to decrease. When life was completely depleted, animals or humans stopped breathing, the plants withered, and the rocks broke down.
«Stacia Window» was where the sacred text of the remaining Life was inscribed. It could be called out when a person with proper sacred power cut the symbol, then struck the target. While most could pull out the window of pebbles or grass, it was somewhat difficult to do so on animals, and for humans, it was not possible to pull the window out without sufficient knowledge in the sacred arts first. ——On the other hand, it was a little scary to look at one’s own window anyway.
In general, the window of trees were easier to look at than humans, but the degree of difficulty of the evil tree Gigas Cedar was as high as expected: Eugeo and Kirito only became able to call out the window about half a year ago.
There was a story that once, at the «World Central Axiom Church» in the capital city Centoria, the elder master of the sacred arts succeeded in pulling out the window of the earth god Terraria after a continuous ritual for seven days and seven nights. However, once the elder master looked at the earth’s Life, he became depressed, lost his sanity and later disappeared.
Upon hearing that story, Eugeo became a little scared not only to look at his own, but also the windows of large things like Gigas Cedar, but Kirito appeared not to care. This time as well, he put his excited face close to the floating shiny window. While Eugeo thought he sometimes couldn’t understand his childhood best friend, he lost to his curiosity, and looked into that surface.
The pale purple square window had figures written in a combination of straight and curved lines. Those were the ancient sacred letters, if it were only reading a few figures, Eugeo was able to do it, only writing them was strictly prohibited.
“Well……”
Eugeo used his finger to confirm it one by one while saying the figures,
“235,542.”
“Ah― ……what was it months ago?”
“Probably…… 235,590.”
“…………”
On hearing Eugeo’s reply, Kirito lifted his hands in an exaggerated manner, collapsed with his knees hitting the ground, then messed his black hair using his fingers.
“Just fifty! We worked hard for two months and only managed fifty out of 235 thousands! At this rate we wouldn’t cut it down within our whole life!”
“No, that wasn’t possible in the first place.”
Eugeo couldn’t do anything but answer with a bitter smile,
“The six generations of woodcutters before us worked hard for three hundred years, and the result was not even one-quarter…… To make it simple, hmm, it would take about eighteen generations, or nine hundred years more.”
“Y-o-u~~”
Kirito, who was crouching with his head in his arms, looked up to Eugeo, then suddenly grabbed Eugeo’s legs. Eugeo lost his balance due to the sudden attack, and collapsed onto the moss bed on his back.
“What’s with that honor student attitude! At least act more troubled with this unreasonable duty!”
Even though he said that as if he was angry, a grin floated on Kirito’s face while he rode Eugeo and messed up his hair.
“Uwa―, why you!”
Eugeo’s hands grabbed Kirito’s wrists and pulled hard. He then utilized the moment Kirito stiffened his body to resist, rolled vertically in a half circle, so now he was on top.
“Now, payback time!”
While shouting and laughing, he pulled Kirito’s hair with his dirty hands, but unlike Eugeo’s soft light brown hair, Kirito’s pointed black hair rendered his attack meaningless. Eugeo then switched to tickling Kirito’s flank.
“Ugya, you…… that’s, h-hahah……”
Kirito was running short of breath as he struggled against being held down and tickled, when suddenly a high voice came from behind them.
“You two——! Slacking off again!!”
At that moment, the fight between Eugeo and Kirito came to a complete halt.
“Uu……”
“This is bad……”


Both of them shrugged then fearfully turned around.
On the rock a little bit away from them, with both hands on her hips, a human figure with her chest protruding forward. Eugeo pulled out slightly, then spoke with a smile,
“H……Hey Alice, you’re pretty early today.”
“Not early at all, just the usual time.”
The figure made an unfriendly face, the long hair tied on both sides of her head shining with a golden light under the sunlight filtered through the foliage. The young girl jumped off the rock nimbly. She wore a bright blue skirt with a white pinafore, and held a wicker basket in her right hand.
The young girl’s name was Alice Schuberg. Daughter of the village chief, and she was of the same age as Eugeo and Kirito, eleven years old.
For all children living in Rulid —— no, in the northern region, it was a tradition that they would be given their «Sacred Task» and become apprentices in the spring of their eleventh year; however, Alice was the only exception, she went to school at the church instead. She was given private lessons from Sister Azariya in order to extend her talents in the sacred arts further as the best child in the village.
However, Rulid wasn’t wealthy enough to let the village chief’s eleven-year-old daughter merely study all day long, no matter how much talent she had. Everyone who could work must work, they had to continue repelling the constant attacks from drought, long period of rain, pests; all of which could shave off the Life of the crops and livestock —— in other words, from the «God of Darkness Vector’s Prank». It was only when the harsh winter arrived that all the villagers could finally be at peace.
Eugeo’s house had wheat fields in a wide cultivated land to the south of the village, his father Orick and his ancestors were farmers. After knowing Eugeo, one of his three sons, was chosen for the chopping mission his mouth was filled with words of delight, but in part of his mind he surely held some disappointment. Of course they would receive the payment for the chopping mission from the village vault, but the fact that there was one less hand to help in the field wouldn’t change.
In practice, the eldest son of each house would be given the same Sacred Task as their father: in the case of a farmer’s household, their daughter, next son, and the third son would also follow this standard. Children of the tool shop’s owner would continue working in the tool shop, a guard’s child would become a guard, and the village chief’s child would succeed them as the next chief too. Rulid village had maintained this custom with almost no change for a few hundred years, the adults said that it was the gift of divine protection from Stacia, but Eugeo could faintly remember the incompatibilities in their story.
Why, if the adults thought about expanding the village, why was there not a single change until now? He still couldn’t understand. If they really wanted to expand the fields, they could just take a little detour and leave the troublesome tree alone to be able to open up the southern forest further away. However, the chief, who was the wisest man, didn’t have the faintest urge to review those old traditions.
Therefore, no matter how much time passed, Rulid village was still poor, so the chief’s daughter Alice could only study in the morning as it was necessary that she had to tend to the livestock and clean the house in the afternoon. Her first task after studying was to bring lunch to Eugeo and Kirito.
With the wicker basket hanging on her right arm, Alice nimbly jumped down from the big rock. As she was on the verge of letting the next round of thunder fall off her small lips, Eugeo quickly got up while shaking his head.
“We didn’t slack off, really! We already finished our morning job.”
Alongside Eugeo’s quick excuse, Kirito, behind him, reacted accordingly with “Yeah yeah.”
Alice’s pupils emitted a strong light to the two again, then her cheeks softened.
“If you have enough energy to fight after finishing, I wonder if I should ask Garitta-san to increase the workload for you two?”
“A-Anything but that!”
“Just kidding. ——Well, let’s quickly have lunch. Today is so hot, if we don’t eat it soon, it’ll go bad.”
Alice then put the wicker basket on the ground, took a large sized cloth from inside, and spread it out. She selected a flat area and laid the cloth down, on which Kirito quickly took off his shoes and jumped over to sit on it. Eugeo sat down after him, then the food was lined up one by one in front of the two hungry workmen.
Today’s menu was salted meat and baked bean stuffed pie, black bread cheese sandwiches and sliced smoked meat, several kinds of dried fruit, and milk squeezed in the morning. Even though the food aside from the milk could be well preserved, the intense sunlight of the seventh month could still rob «Life» away from the food without mercy.
Alice told Kirito and Eugeo, who were nearly diving into the food, to ‘hold on’, as if she was commanding dogs, then quickly sliced the symbol in the air and confirmed the «Window» of each food starting with the bisque jar of milk.
“Uwa, the milk has ten minutes remaining, the pies have barely fifteen minutes. And I even ran here…… well, then we’ll just have to eat quickly. But make sure to chew it properly too.”
When the Life of the food was exhausted, it became so-called «Rotten Food», of which even a single bite would cause terrible symptoms such as stomach ache to those without a very strong stomach. Eugeo and Kirito were already irritated enough and started biting the big sliced pie without saying a word.
The three of them continued chewing their food without talking. It was obvious with the two hungry young boys, but Alice also made one wonder where she put all the food she ate with her slender abdomen. The food was cleared up one by one. First was the three slices of pie, followed by nine slices of black bread, then the jar of milk was depleted, after that, the three of them breathed a sigh of relief.
“——How did it taste?”
It was Eugeo who answered Alice’s question in his serious tone, as she cast a side glance toward them.
“Yeah, today’s pies are good. Your skills sure have improved, Alice.”
“I-Is that so? I still feel there was something missing in the taste though.”
Embarrassed, Alice said while facing sideways, Eugeo exchanged a wink with Kirito before smiling. Their boxed lunch had been made by Alice since last month, but even as it was declared so, the difference between the food made with help from her mother, Sadina-obasan, and without was obvious. They understood that techniques couldn’t be acquired without practicing for a long time, and that applied to everything —— however, Eugeo and Kirito also understood that it was better not to let it out of their mouth.
“Anyway——“
Kirito said while pinching a yellow marigo from the dried fruit bottle.
“With the trouble it takes to make delicious boxed lunch, I want to eat it at a slower pace. I wonder why the heat has to make the food go bad……”
“Why? Hmmm……”
This time, without hiding his bitter smile, Eugeo shrugged in an exaggerated manner.
“You said a weird thing huh? Summer making Life go down faster is just how things work. Be it meat, fish, vegetables and fruits, they become bad immediately if you leave them alone, right?”
“I know that, I asked why, didn’t I? During winter, even if you left raw salted meat outside for many days, it still wouldn’t go bad, would it?”
“That’s…… because winter is cold.”
Kirito bent his lips like an unreasonable child at Eugeo’s answer. His black pupils, which were unusual in the northern region, shone with the light of disobedience.
“That’s right, it’s just as Eugeo said, the cold will make the food last longer. Not just in the winter. If it’s cold, even during this season, we could still keep the food for a long time.”
This time Eugeo was dumbfounded. He lightly kicked Kirito’s shin with his toe.
“Don’t say it like it’s easy. Cold? Summer is hot, that’s why it’s summer. Are you thinking about using the absolutely taboo weather control art to call snow down? The next day the Integrity Knights from the capital would fly here to get you.”
“Y-Yeah…… Nothing we can do……? I feel like there is a way, some easy way……”
While Kirito muttered that with his frowning face, Alice who was quietly listening to their conversation while using her finger to curl the tip of her pigtail hair up until now said,
“It’s interesting.”
“W-What do you mean, Alice?”
“No, not about using the banned art. It doesn’t need to be at a scale enough to cover the entire village, but just small enough to be able to put into this boxed lunch basket is good enough, isn’t it?”
On hearing what she said as if it was perfectly normal, Eugeo unintentionally turned to Kirito, who was nodding. A smile floated on Alice’s face before she continued,
“There’re a few things which are cold even in summer. Like water from the deep well, or the leaves of Silve. If we put those in the basket, wouldn’t it become cold inside?”
“Ah…… that’s true.”
Eugeo folded his arms and thought.
At the center of the open space in front of the church, there was a fearfully deep well which had been dug when Rulid village was founded: the water drawn from it was so cold that it could make hands go numb even in summer. Also, in the northern forest, there were some Silve trees growing: their leaves were cold and released a pungent aroma when squeezed, they were very useful as treatment for bruises. Probably having a jar of water from the deep well, or wrapping the pie with Silve leaves would make it possible to keep the boxed lunch cold while carrying it between places.
However, Kirito, who’d also paused to think, slowly shook his head and said,
“Just that, I think it won’t work. The well water becomes lukewarm just a minute after it is drawn, Silve leaves might keep its coolness longer, but I don’t think it could keep the insides of the basket cold long enough to cover the distance from Alice’s house to Gigas Cedar.”
“So, do you have any other methods?”
Alice, whose good idea was shot down, asked while pouting. Kirito scratched his black hair in silence for a while, then suddenly said in a low voice,
“Ice. With a lot of ice, it’d be more than enough to keep the boxed lunch cold.”
“Oh you……”
Alice shook her head in amazement.
“It’s summer now. Where exactly can you find ice? Even the grand market in the capital won’t have it!”
She said in a tone like a mother scolding her unreasonable child.
Eugeo, on the other hand, could recall the bad feeling, as he had seen Kirito making this tight-lipped face before. This childhood friend, when such a light floated in his eyes, when he spoke in such a tone, Eugeo knew from experience that Kirito was thinking about something up to no good. Inside his head, he recalled when Kirito took the honey of the emperor bee to the eastern mountain, or when he broke the jar of milk which had expired a hundred years ago in the church’s cellar, those scenes floated and disappeared in quick succession.
“W-Well, it’s fine, isn’t it? There’s nothing wrong with eating in a hurry anyway. Also, if we don’t start our afternoon work soon we’ll be late going back.”
Eugeo said while quickly moving the empty plates back to the wicker basket, as he wanted to break off this disturbing topic. However, when he looked at Kirito’s pupils which were shining brilliantly, as if he had some idea, he inevitably realized that his fear had already become reality.
“……What is it, what plan do you have this time?”
His question was mixed with resignation, Kirito smiled before answering,
“Hey…… Looong ago, Eugeo’s grandfather told us a story, remember?”
“Hmm……?”
“Which story……?”
Aside from Eugeo, Alice also tilted her head slightly.
Before Stacia summoned Eugeo’s grandfather to her side two years ago, a lot of legends were packed behind that white beard of his. While sitting in the rocking chair in the garden, he always told stories to the three children sitting near his legs. Strange stories, exciting stories, scary stories: there were hundreds of those stories, so Eugeo didn’t know which story Kirito was referring to. Then his black haired childhood friend coughed while raising his index finger, before saying,
“Summer Ice, it’s nothing but that, right?『Bercouli and the Northern White……』”
“Oi, stop it, you’re joking, right?”
Eugeo interrupted without listening to the end while swinging his head and hands violently.
Bercouli, among the ancestors who founded Rulid village, was the strongest sword user, who’d served as the first generation’s guard chief. But since he’d lived three hundred years ago, there were only a few remaining tales of his bravery, and the story Kirito mentioned was one of the most bizarre among them.
On a certain day during the peak of summer, Bercouli noticed a big clear rock floating in the river to the east of the village. Upon picking it up, it turned out to be a lump of ice. Bercouli, in his amazement, walked upstream along the river. Before long, he arrived at the end of the world, the «Mountain range at the Edge», and as he kept following the narrow river, he faced a huge cave opening.
Bercouli stepped into the cave against the blowing freezing wind, and after he overcame various dangers, arrived at the largest hall. What he saw there was a huge white dragon, which was said to protect the Human World’s boundary. The figure of the dragon, its body curled over an incalculable amount of assorted treasures, made Bercouli realize it was sleeping, but even with his courage, he still approached it on tiptoe. Among the treasure, he discovered a beautiful long sword, and he really wanted to own it no matter what. He softly took the sword without waking the dragon up, and ran away as fast as he could —— that was the plot summary. The title was『Bercouli and the Northern White Dragon』.
Even for the mischievous Kirito, surely he wouldn’t be thinking about breaking the village’s rules to go beyond the Northern pass and searching for the real dragon, would he? While half praying, Eugeo fearfully asked,
“You mean, we’ll watch Ruhr river and wait for an ice block to float down…… is that right?”
However, Kirito snorted before simply saying,
“Waiting like that, the summer will just end before we can get anything. I don’t want to imitate Bercouli and go find the dragon. In that story, it mentioned the icicles at the entrance of the cave, right? Just two or three of those would be enough for testing on the boxed lunch.”
“You, like I said……”
Eugeo became speechless for several seconds, then he turned to his side, looking for Alice to substitute him in objecting this reckless boy’s ideas. Then he noticed that her blue pupils were shining with a brilliant light, he dropped his shoulders in his mind.
Eugeo and Kirito were the number one brat duo of the village, they made elderly people sigh and scold the duo on a daily basis. However, only few knew that their many misdeeds were secretly aided and abetted from behind by Alice, the village’s number one honor student.
That Alice currently had her right index finger at her lips, as she remained silent for several seconds, suddenly blinked and declared,
“——That’s not a bad idea.”
“N-Not you too, Alice……”
“Certainly, only children were prohibited from going beyond the Northern pass. Try to recall properly. The exact sentence of the rule said, [Without adult supervision, children must not go play beyond the Northern pass.]”
Eugeo and Kirito unintentionally exchanged glances.
The village’s rules or «Rulid Villager’s Standards» as its formal name was the old writing half in paper and half in leather, its two cen thickness was kept inside the village chief’s residence. It was the first thing all children who went to church school had to memorize. And after that, after having to hear their parents and the elderly keep saying ‘In the rules’, ‘According to the rules’, the rules were ingrained in their heads by the time they turned eleven —— was what they thought, however, it seems that Alice accurately remembered all of the text, word for word.
……No way, don’t tell me even the empire’s fundamental law which is two times thicker has also…… no, even perfectly memorizing the village rules is already……
While Eugeo’s glance was filled with such thoughts, Alice cleared her throat once, then continued in a teacher-like tone,
“Isn’t it right? We aren’t going there to play, that’s forbidden by the rules. But searching for an icicle isn’t playing. Prolonging the Life of the boxed lunch isn’t just for us, it also helps people who work on the fields and pastures, right? So this can be interpreted as a part of work too.”
After the flowing speech, Eugeo exchanged glance with Kirito again. Although his partner’s black pupils initially seemed to have some slight hesitation, but it was immediately melted away like an ice block floating in a river in summer——
“Yeah, that’s right, absolutely right.”
While folding his arms, Kirito nodded with a serious face.
“Because it’s work, even if we go beyond the pass to the «Mountain range at the Edge», it still doesn’t break the village’s rules. Look, Balbossa-san is always saying, right? ‘Work isn’t just that which was ordered, if you’re free then look for work!’, like that. If they get angry, we can just refer to his saying, then it should be fine.”
The Balbossas were a wealthy family which owned the village’s largest wheat fields. The current head of the house, Nigel Balbossa was a fifty year old man who still had a good body; even though his house could harvest many times more than the rest of the village, he still wasn’t satisfied, and whenever he met Eugeo on the street, he always greeted Eugeo with a sarcastic ‘Still can’t cut down that annoying Cedar yet?’. Rumor said that he’d asked the chief for priority to cultivate the new land once Gigas Cedar has been cut down. Eugeo’s response was, ‘Before that happens, your Life will be long gone,’ of course he only said so in his mind.
Even though Kirito’s idea to use Nigel’s words as an excuse for going beyond Northern pass was attractive, but having served as the restraint of the group for so long made Eugeo unable to stop saying ‘But’.
“……But, going to the Mountain range at the Edge isn’t breaking just the village rules but ‘that’ too, right? Even if we go past the pass and arrive at the base of the mountain, we still can’t enter the cave……”
Upon hearing that, Alice and Kirito made a serious face.
«That» which Eugeo said was the absolute law which governed all people of the vast Human World, its authority was far beyond the «Norlangarth North Empire Fundamental Law», let alone the «Rulid Villager’s Standard» —— Its name was «Taboo Index».
It was issued by the «Axiom Church», the great tower which seemed to reach the heavens, located in capital city Centoria. The thick book which was bound in pure white leather was provided not only to the north empire that Eugeo lived in, but also at least one to every town and village in the east, south, and west empires.
The Taboo Index, unlike the village rules and the empire’s laws, just as its name implied, was the list of «Things one does not attempt». It started with a wide range of taboos like «Treason against the Church» or «Murder», «Thievery», on to more mundane entries like the limit of beasts and fish to be caught each year, or food that can’t be fed to the livestock; the number easily exceeded one thousand entries. For all children attending school, aside from learning to write and calculate, the most important subject was to memorize all of the Taboo Index. —— Or rather, not teaching the Index in school is considered to be breaking the Index.
Although the Taboo Index and the Axiom Church possessed such tremendous authority, but there seemed to be land it couldn’t extend to. Beyond the «Mountain range at the Edge» which enclosed the world was the Land of darkness —— or «Dark Territory» in the sacred words. Therefore, traveling to the Mountain range at the Edge was already prohibited by the Index in the first place. To Eugeo, it was meaningless to only go to the base of the mountain without going into the cave.
Alice would find the way to challenge the Taboo Index like always, but thinking like that is already a great taboo in itself. Eugeo stared at his other childhood friend while thinking so.
Her long eyelashes brightened under the noon sunlight filtered through the foliage like a very fine line of golden thread, Alice sank into silence for a while —— Soon after, she suddenly lifted her face, then said with the usual disobedient light shining in her pupils,
“Eugeo. Your prohibited term is inaccurate again.”
“Eh…… you’re lying.”
“I’m not lying. What is in the Index is like this: The first chapter, third passage, eleventh paragraph,『Not anyone is to go beyond the Mountain range enclosing the edge of Human World』……Beyond the mountain, naturally it means «Climb beyond». It doesn’t include going into a cave. Also, our objective isn’t to go beyond the mountain range, but to obtain ice, right? There is no『Do not search for ice in the Mountain range at the Edge』written in the Taboo Index at all.”
To the words gushing smoothly out in Alice’s sweet and clear voice like a church’s smallest bell, Eugeo didn’t say another word. Indeed, he felt what Alice said was somewhat correct.
——But, up until now we haven’t gone to the Northern pass before, we have only followed the Ruhr river up to the twin ponds, I don’t know what lies beyond that, this is the season that has many annoying bugs by the waterside too……
While Eugeo was still stubbornly thinking in circles for a way to retreat, Kirito slapped his back —— with a force not enough to reduce his Life —— before exclaiming,
“Look, Eugeo, if Alice, who studies the most in the village, says so, then there is no doubt about it! Alright, then it’s decided, on the next rest day we’ll go search for the white dra…… erm, I mean, search for the cave of ice!”
“Then it’s better if the boxed lunch is made using the ingredients which lasts a bit longer.”
Looking at the bright faces of his both childhood friends, Eugeo sighed within his mind before responding “Yeah,” weakly.

Part 2[edit]
Apparently, the weather was good on the third rest day of the seventh month.
Only on rest days were children above ten, who had already been given their Sacred Task, allowed to play around until dinner as they had in their childhood. Eugeo and Kirito usually spent it doing things like fishing and practicing their sword skills with other boys, however today they left their homes before the morning mist even disappeared, and waited for Alice under the old tree at the edge of the village.
“……She’s slow!”
Even though he had been waiting with Eugeo for only a few minutes, Kirito grumbled,
“I can’t understand why dressing has a higher priority than coming on time to girls. Maybe in two years she will be like your sister, who had her clothes dirtied in the forest and refused to wear them afterwards.”
“It can’t be helped, girls are like that anyway.”
Having said that with a bitter smile, Eugeo then suddenly thought about what would happen in two years time.
Alice would still be a child without a Sacred Task, people around her would still tolerate her preference of being together with Eugeo and Kirito. But since she was the daughter of the village chief, it had been partially decided that she had to act as a standard model for the other girls in the village. In the not so distant future, she would be prohibited from playing with boys, and no doubt she would have to take lessons not only in the sacred arts but also in conduct.
Then…… what would happen after that? Would she have to marry into someone’s house?, like Eugeo’s eldest sister Sulinea, If that’s the case, what would this partner think……?
“Oi, you look so absentminded. Did you sleep well last night?”
With a sudden stare from Kirito with his doubtful expression, Eugeo nodded in a hurry.
“Y-Yeah, I’m alright. ……Ah, there she comes.”
Upon hearing light footsteps, he pointed in the direction of the village.
Appearing through the thick morning mist was Alice, just as Kirito had said, her finely combed golden hair was tied with a ribbon, swinging on top of her spotless pinafore. Eugeo unintentionally exchanged glances with his close friend while trying not to smile, then they turned to shout at the same time,
“You’re slow!”
“You guys are just too early. Stop acting like children all the time already.”
Once she finished saying that, Alice pushed the wicker basket which was in her right hand to Eugeo and the water canteen in her left to Kirito.
Both of them reflexively took the items before turning around toward the narrow road stretching from northwards. Alice bent over to pluck an ear of a grass, straightened and pointed its tip toward the standing tall rocky mountain, she then energetically exclaimed,
“Well then…… summer ice searching party, let’s go!”
Why do we always end up as «The princess and the two followers»? While thinking this, Eugeo exchanged glances with Kirito again and ran after Alice who had already walked ahead.
The village had a road which ran through it from the north to the south, and while the southern side of the road had been trod firm by the traffic of humans and carriages that came and went all the time, its northern side, where almost no one lived, had a lot of tree roots and pebbles that made walking difficult. However, Alice lightly pranced through the rough road as if it was completely flat, proceeding ahead of the two as she hummed.
How to say it, she has good control over her body?, was what Eugeo thought. Several years ago Alice occasionally joined the sword practice played by the village brats, and her slim branch had hit Eugeo and Kirito countless times. That stick acted as if it could cut through the air, even if its opponent was a wind spirit. If she had kept practicing, it was possible that Alice could become the very first female guard of the village.
“Guard, huh…….”
Eugeo muttered in a quiet voice.
Before the Sacred Task of cutting the great tree was given to him, perhaps it had been his dream, though it was vague and extraordinary. All the village kids yearned to be selected as a guard: instead of the ugly stick made from the bark of a living tree, they would be given real steel swords, albeit used ones, and would attend a real school of sword arts.
That wasn’t all. Every fall, all the guards of every village in the northern region could participate in the sword arts tournament held in Zakkaria, to the south. If one could achieve a high ranking, they could become a sentinel —— being recognized as a real swordsman in both name and reality, and able to borrow the official sword tempered by the blacksmith workshop in the capital. However, the dream didn’t end there. If they could prove their merit among the sentinels, they could obtain qualification to take the examination for the «Master Sword Academy», which had an ancient and honorable origin. After passing a difficult examination, and graduating from the school’s two years of learning, they could participate in the martial arts tournament which was held in the presence of the Norlangarth North Empire Emperor. Bercouli the legendary had been said to have won in this tournament splendidly.
Ultimately, a gathering of all true heroes from the entire Human World was held by the Axiom Church itself, the «Four Empires Unity Tournament». Only the one who won the battle that even god could see clearly, the top of all swordsmen, would be bestowed the command by the god to protect the world, to fight against the demons from the Dark Territory, to be appointed the duty of a dragon rider, an «Integrity Knight»——
Until that point, it was already beyond imagination, but perhaps, there was a time when Eugeo had thought of that. Perhaps, if Alice left the village not as a swordsman but as a sacred warlock apprentice, to attend the school in Zakkaria or even the «Master Arts Academy» in the capital, at that time, by her side as the escort, with his body wrapped in a green and light brown sentinel uniform, the shining silvery official sword hung on the waist, was him……
“The dream is still not over yet.”
Suddenly, a whisper came from Kirito who was walking beside him. Eugeo lifted his face in surprise. Apparently, with just the sigh he had let escape earlier, Kirito could read all the meaning behind it. His instinct was as sharp as ever. Eugeo made a wry smile and muttered in return,
“Nope, it is already over.”
Yes, the time of dreaming was already over. In spring last year, the Sacred Task of guard apprentice was given to Jink, son of the current village guard chief. Even though his sword skill fell short of Eugeo’s and Kirito’s, and of course Alice’s. Eugeo continued talking in a tone mixed with slight irritation,
“Once the Sacred Task has been given, even the village chief can’t change it.”
“With one exception, right?”
“Exception……?”
“When the task has been accomplished.”
This time he made a bitter smile at Kirito’s stubbornness. This partner still wouldn’t let go of his great ambition to cut down the Gigas Cedar in his generation.
“Once we cut down that tree, our work will be beautifully completed. After that we can choose our own Sacred Task, how’s that?”
“That’s true but……”
“I was glad I didn’t get the Sacred Task to be a shepherd or farmer. Those are tasks which just don’t have an end, but ours is different. I’m sure there is a way, in three…… no, two years we’ll cut it down, and then……”
“We’ll join the sword arts tournament in Zakkaria.”
“What? Are you thinking of the same thing, Eugeo?”
“I can’t let Kirito look good alone anyway.”
After that talkative exchange, Eugeo had a strange feeling that it was no longer an unrealistic dream. The two walked while grinning, imagining the scene when they received the official sword, returned to the village, and made Jink and his gang’s eyes widen in jealousy; Alice who was walking in front of them suddenly turned around.
“Hey you two, what are you talking about in secret?”
“N-No, it’s nothing. Just wondering if it’s time for lunch yet, right?”
“Y-Yeah.”
“Didn’t we just start walking? Also, look, we can see the river now.”
When they looked toward where Alice’s ear of grass pointing to, they could see the shaking water surface at the road ahead. The source of the Ruhr river was on the Mountain range at the Edge, it flowed through the east of Rulid village, then continued south to Zakkaria town. At the point the road met the river, the road branched into two, the right path crossed the north Rulid bridge into the eastern forest, the left path stretched north along the river’s west bank. The direction they chose was, obviously, north.
Once Eugeo arrived at the junction, he knelt at the riverside, then submerged his right hand into the clear stream and made a rustling sound. It was indeed mid summer, the freezing water during the beginning of spring was now quite warm. It should feel really good if he could undress and jump into the water, but he couldn’t do so in front of Alice.
“This is not a temperature a block of ice could float in.”
Eugeo said and turned to his side, Kirito pouted before objecting,
“That is why we’re going to the big cave where the ice came from, isn’t it?”
“That’s all good, but we need to be back before the evening bell. Let’s see…… when Solus is in the center of the sky, we should start heading back.”
“It can’t be helped. If that’s the case then let’s hurry!”
Behind Alice, who was treading on the soft undergrowth, the two quickened their pace to chase her.
The tree branches protruding from the left side acted like a canopy, blocking the sunlight, there was also cool air rising from the surface of the river to the right, those helped the three walk comfortably even though Solus had already rose high up in the sky. The road along the bank which was about a mel wide was covered in short summer grasses, there were almost no pebbles nor holes to make walking difficult.
Eugeo wondered, why is it that they had never set foot beyond the twin ponds even once, although it was so easy to walk there.
The «Northern pass» in which the village rules forbade the children to go beyond was still far from the twin ponds. So even if they went anywhere else before that point, the adults shouldn’t be able to get angry, but facing going against the rules, yes —— it could be said that it was the uneasiness from the rules that made their feet unable to move when seeing the pass in front of their eyes.
Even though he and Kirito always had to listen to the complaints from the adults who were concerned about tradition, thinking about it, far from doing it, the two didn’t even think about breaking rules or Taboo. Today’s humble adventure would be the closest they had come near the forbidden act.
Eugeo started feeling a little anxious, he looked at Kirito and Alice walking carefree ahead of him, they were singing shepherd songs in chorus. Those two… don’t they have any fear or worry?, while thinking so, Eugeo sighed dejectedly.
“Hey, wait.”
He called out, the two still kept walking but turned around together.
“What is it, Eugeo?”
Alice tilted her head while asking in a slightly threatening and purposeful tone.
“We’re quite far from the village now…… Aren’t there dangerous beasts around here?”
“Eh―? I never heard about it though.”
Alice said while glancing at him, as Kirito lightly shrugged.
“Hmm…… the donetti whose huge long claw that grandfather saw, where did he say it was?”
“It was at the black apple tree to the east, right? But it was an old story from ten years ago though.”
“If it’s around here, it would be the four-eared fox. Eugeo, you’re such a scaredy-cat, aren’t you?”
During their ‘Ahaha’ laugh, Eugeo hurriedly refuted,
“N-No, it’s not about being scared…… We never went beyond the twin ponds before, have we? I just want us to be more careful.”
Upon hearing that, Kirito’s black pupils shone mischievously.
“Yeah, that’s true. Did you know? During the time the village was founded, sometimes the devils from the Land of darkness…… like «Goblins» or «Orcs» would cross the mountain to steal sheep or kidnap children.”
“What? Are you two trying to scare me? I know about it. In the end the Integrity Knights came from the capital and exterminated the Goblin chief.”
“——『Since then, on a sunny day, the silvery white dragon knight could be seen far above the Mountain range at the Edge.』”
Kirito hummed the final verse of a fairy tale that all the children in the village knew about, while turning to look up toward the north sky. Eugeo and Alice did the same, before they realized it, their vision was filled with a pure white rocky mountain, and over it was the blue sky where they were looking for something.
For a moment, they had the feeling they saw a small light glittering among the clouds, but they couldn’t see anything once they tried to focus their gaze. The three looked at each other before laughing in embarrassment.
“——It’s just a fairy tale, right? The ice dragon that lived in the cave was, surely, just a story he made up sometime later too, that Bercouli.”
“Oioi, if you say something like that in the village, the fist of the village chief is gonna fall on your head. The swordsman Bercouli is Rulid’s hero after all.”
Eugeo’s words made a smile float back to everyone’s faces again, and Alice hastened her stride.
“We’ll know once we reach there. Look, if you’re leisurely walking like that, we won’t be able to reach the cave before the lunch.”

——That said, Eugeo didn’t think they would reach the «Mountain range at the Edge» with half a day of walking anyway.
The Mountain range at the Edge was, as its name implied, the world’s edge; in other words, the border of the human country which consisted of the four empires of the north, south, east, and west; for Rulid village which located at the north most of the northern region, it wasn’t a place children’s feet could easily reach.
So, Eugeo was really surprised when, just before the sun reached the center of the sky, the Ruhr river, which had narrowed considerably, disappeared into the cave entrance which opened its mouth at the base of the steep cliff.
The deep forest which spread on both sides abruptly ended, in front of his eyes was the steep gray rugged cliff stretching upward. If he looked up, he could hazily see where the blue sky crossed the pure white mountain ridge in the distance, this rock slope was without doubt, the edge of the mountain range.
“We’ve already arrived……? This is, the Mountain range at the Edge…… right? Isn’t it a bit too soon……?”
Kirito, who appeared not to believe it either, said in a faint voice. It was the same with Alice, who whispered while her blue irises were still wide,
“Then…… where is the «Northern pass»? Did we pass through it unknowingly?”
It’s just as she said. It’s possible that the village’s children —— or maybe even adults have been passing through the pass without even knowing it. Thinking about it, about thirty minutes walk from the twin ponds, there was a place which had quite a bit of ups and downs, could that place be the Northern pass?
While Eugeo was looking around with his doubts, the unusually serious tone of Alice’s whisper reached his ears.
“If this is the Mountain range at the Edge…… then on the other side is the Land of darkness, right? If so…… we have been walking for just four hours, the same amount of time won’t even get us to Zakkaria. Rulid is…… really, at the border of the world……”
Eugeo stood there in confusion, We lived in the villages for so long but didn’t know where it’s located in the world? No —— could it be that even the adults didn’t know that the Mountain range at the Edge is this close? In the three hundred years of history, the one who came out of the wide forest spreading to the north of the village, aside from Bercouli, was us……?
Somehow…… it’s strange. Eugeo thought. However, he didn’t know why it was strange.
Everyday, at the same time, the adults eat breakfast like the day before, go to work in the fields or pastures, smithing or spinning workshops like the day before. What Alice said earlier, that four hours was not enough to reach Zakkaria, of course, all three of them had never been to Zakkaria before, I heard from the adults that it took over two days walking along the southern main road to reach the town. However, how many of those adults actually went to Zakkaria and came back……?
The maelstrom of depressing questions which manifested in Eugeo’s mind, was blown away by Alice’s voice,
“——Anyway, there’s nothing but to go inside after we’ve come this far. But before that, let’s have lunch first.”
With that said, she pulled the wicker basket from Eugeo’s hand, then lowered her waist on the short undergrowth where it changed to gray gravel. “That’s what I’m waiting for, my belly is starving.” With an encouraging voice from Kirito, Eugeo also sat down on the grass. The fragrant smell of the pie blew away his remaining doubts, all that he could remember was his stomach had started complaining in hunger.
Alice fought off the stretching hands of Eugeo and Kirito by slapping them while drawing the windows of each food in succession. After she had affirmed that all of them still had their surplus time remaining, she handed out the fish and bean stuffed pies, apple and walnut stuffed pies, and dried peaches. In addition, she poured Siral water packed in the water bag into wooden cups, this also has been confirmed not to have gone bad yet.
As soon as she allowed them, Kirito who was irritated enough not to say a word as he started biting the fish pie, then said in a muffled voice while still chewing,
“That cave…… if we find a lot of ice, then we won’t have to hurry to eat tomorrow’s lunch.”
Swallowing his food, Eugeo turned to face him and answered,
“But thinking about it, even if we successfully get the ice, how do we maintain its Life in the first place? If it all melts before tomorrow’s lunch then there is no point to it, right?”
“Mu……”
‘I didn’t think about that,’ Kirito’s shoulders drooped, then Alice said with an unconcerned face,
“If we bring it back in a hurry and keep it in my house’s cellar, just a night wouldn’t be a problem at all. You two, you should have thought just this from the beginning.”
After they had their usual thoughtlessness pointed out, Eugeo and Kirito tried to hide their embarrassment by greedily stuffing their mouths with food. Even though they had enough time, Alice still ate at her usual fast pace before drinking Siral water.
After folding and fitting the white cloth neatly into the empty wicker basket, Alice stood up. She then walked to the nearby stream with three cups in her hands, and washed them quickly in the river.
“Uhyaa.”
She raised an odd voice while finishing her work, and when she came back, Alice widened her hands, which were wiped dry using her pinafore, toward Eugeo.
“The water in the river is so cold! It’s like the well water in mid winter.”
What he saw were her small palms which had turned completely red. Unintentionally, he stretched his hands and wrapped it around Alice’s, certainly to exchange the warmth from his hands with the cold in hers.
“Wait…… stop it.”
Her small cheeks turned to the same color as her palms, and Alice pulled her hands back. At that time, Eugeo finally realized that he had done something his usual self would never do, and shook his head in a hurry.
“Ah…… no, that’s…”
“Well, shouldn’t we be heading off now, sir and madam?”
‘Did you intend to help me out of that situation?’ Eugeo was grinning while saying that and lightly kicked Kirito’s leg, and after his rude action, he lifted the water bag to his shoulder, and walked into the cave without looking back.
It was hard to believe that the source of the Ruhr river, the clear stream that the three had been following up until this point, would really be this small. With a diameter of about one and a half mels, the small river overflowed from the cave opening on a high cliff; to its left side, there was a bare rock about the same size stretched out, he stepped on it and walked into the cave.
Eugeo was thinking, Bercouli had stepped on this rock three hundred years ago, as he tried his best to proceed into the cave’s interior. Suddenly the surrounding temperature dropped, he rubbed his arms which extended from the short-sleeved tunic.
He proceeded for about ten steps while affirming the two footsteps from behind following him.
At that point, Eugeo realized he made a major mistake, he dropped his shoulders and looked back.
“Oh no…… I didn’t bring a lamp. Kirito, did you bring one?”
Even though he was only about five mels from the entrance, the ambience was dark enough that he was no longer able to distinguish the expressions of the two. In the complete darkness inside the cave, it was very natural to entrust his hope to his partner to deal with stuff he himself had forgotten, but the response was, “How could I realize something that you also didn’t realize?” in a tone full of strange confidence.
“R…… Really, you two……”
While Eugeo was thinking how many times he had heard that amazed voice today, he looked toward the faintly shining golden hair. Alice looked at her sides a few times before thrusting her hand into her pinafore pocket and pulled something thin and long out. It was the ear of grass she had picked up when they started their adventure.
She held the grass in her right hand, with her left palm supporting its tip, Alice closed her eyes. Her small lips moved, a strange ritual verse in sacred words that Eugeo didn’t know started playing in the air.
Finally her left hand quickly sliced the complex symbol, a pale soft light lit at the swelled round tip of the ear. The light then increased its intensity immediately, and kept the darkness of the cave away at the considerably distance.
“Ooo.”
“Wow……”
Kirito and Eugeo unintentionally let out sounds of amazement at the same time.
Even though they already knew Alice had been studying the sacred arts, they almost never had a chance to see it with their eyes. According to Sister Azariya’s teachings, all the rituals which had their sources of power from the god of life Stacia, the sun god Solus or the earth god Terraria —— except the dark arts which were used by the servants of the god of darkness Vector —— existed to protect the order and tranquility of the world, so they should not be used indiscriminately.
The sacred arts were used by the Sister and her pupil only when the medicinal plants in the village were unable to cure the sick or injured. As Eugeo understood this well, he turned to Alice, who held the ear of grass lit in a strange color, and inadvertently asked,
“Ah, Alice…… using the arts like that, is that alright? Wouldn’t you get punished for it……?”
“Hmph, if just this much would get me punished, I would have been hit by lightning ten times already.”
“…………”
After saying that, Alice thrust the shining grass in her right hand toward Eugeo with a smile. He received it without thinking before ‘Hiee’, and realized,
“I-I’m first!?”
“Of course, or would you let the weak girl walk in front? Eugeo is in front of me, Kirito is behind. Don’t waste anymore time, let’s hurry up and move.”
“Y-Yes.”
As if he was pushed by momentum, Eugeo raised the small torch and fearfully proceeded into the cave.
The winding flat shelf of rock seemed to steadily continue extending. The walls were illuminated in a bluish grey as if they were wet. Occasionally, he was worried by the small rustling movements in the dim part where the light didn’t reach. However, no matter where he focused his eyes, he couldn’t find anything resembling ice at all. While there were pointed grey things which looked like icicles hanging on the ceiling, he knew they were rock just at a glance.
After walking for several more minutes, Eugeo called out to Kirito behind him,
“Hey…… certainly, you said there should be icicles once we entered the cave, right?”
“I said? Something like that.”
“You said!”
As he approached his partner who averted his eyes feigning ignorance, Alice used her right hand to stop Eugeo and quickly whispered,
“Hey, bring the light a bit closer.”
“……?”
Eugeo brought the ear of grass near Alice’s face. She rounded her lips before blowing a deep breath toward the light.
“Ah……”
“Look, you see it right? Our breath turns white, like in winter.”
“Wow, really. And I have been thinking that it has been cold for a while now……”
Ignoring Kirito’s complaint, Eugeo nodded alongside Alice.
“Even though it is summer outside, it’s winter inside this cave. Surely there is ice here.”
“Yeah, let’s check a bit further.”
Eugeo turned his body, he had the feeling that the cave interior was getting wider little by little as they went deeper, he returned to his cautious movements while advancing.
What they heard, aside from the faint sound of their leather boots rubbing the rock, was only the sound from the flowing stream of groundwater. Even though they had approached its source, the flow hadn’t weakened at all.
“……If we had a boat, going back would be quite easy.”
To Kirito who carefreely said that from behind, Eugeo rebuked him with “Don’t talk so loudly.” As they had already entered further than they had planned, of course, what came to his mind was——
“——Hey, if the white dragon really comes out, what should we do?”
Alice whispered as if she could read Eugeo’s mind.
“Of course…… what else, but to run aw……”
The answer to the whispered question was overlapped by Kirito’s reckless voice,
“It’s-al-right. The white dragon chased Bercouli because he stole its treasured sword, didn’t he? It sure wouldn’t mind us taking icicles. ——Hmm, but if possible I’d want to peel a scale from it though……”
“Oi, what are you thinking about, Kirito?”
“That is, if we go back with a proof that we have seen the real dragon, Jink and his gang would die from jealousy.”
“Don’t joke! I’ll tell you now, if you get chased by a dragon, we will just leave you and run away.”
“Oi, your voice is too loud, Eugeo.”
“That’s because Kirito said something strange……”
Suddenly his foot made an odd noise, and Eugeo stopped talking. Parin, it was the sound of something breaking under his foot. He put the light in his right hand closer to his right foot in a hurry before unintentionally letting leak his voice.
“Ah, look at this.”
Alice and Kirito bent down to look, Eugeo moved his toe off the spot. The water accumulated on the rock had turned into a thin ice spreading over its smooth grey surface. He stretched his fingers to pick up a piece of the thin transparent sheet.
After putting it in his palm for a few seconds, it melted into water droplets, the three looked at each other and inadvertently smiled.
“This is ice, no doubt about it. There is sure to be a lot more up ahead.”
Eugeo said while illuminating his surroundings, a great deal of blue light bounced off the similarly frozen water. And it sank into the pitch black darkness of the cave, deep within……
“Ah…… somehow, there’s a lot of light there.”
It was just as Alice said, Eugeo moved his right hand, from the countless spots of light, he could see them flicker and blink palely. As he had completely forgotten about the white dragon, he half trotted in that direction.
Based on the time they took, it seemed they had proceeded about a hundred mel deeper. Suddenly, the left and right walls ended.
At the same time, a breathtakingly fantastic scene appeared before their eyes.
Wide. It was hard to believe they were in an underground cave, as it was an extraordinary huge open space. Its size was certainly a few times larger than the village square in front of the church.
The curved wall, which almost surrounded the entire environment, no longer looked like the wet grey wall they saw until now, but was covered in a transparent, thick, light blue layer. Then, after looking at the floor’s surface, Eugeo understood, I see, so this is the source of the Ruhr river., it was a huge pond —— no, a lake would be more suitable. However, the water’s surface didn’t shake in the slightest. It was frozen firmly all the way, from the bank to the middle.
Among the trail of white haze over the lake, strangely shaped columns protruded out, their height easily exceeded the height of the three children. They were angular hexagonal columns ending in a tapered tip. It was like the crystal of raw ore that Garitta-jiisan showed Eugeo before. However, these were much bigger, and far more beautiful. The numerous transparent thick blue columns absorbed the sacred light from the ear of grass Eugeo was holding, before releasing it in six directions, which were also reflected further, illuminating the entire vast dome. The numbers of the columns increased as it approached the center of the lake, and became fully obstructed at the very center.
It was ice. The surrounding wall, the lake below the feet, the strange hexagonal columns, everything was made out of ice. The blue wall stretched up vertically, and closed up together at a far height, looked like a chapel’s dome.
The three forgot the cold which pierced their skin, stood still for several minutes while exhaling misty breath. Before long, Alice faintly said in a trembling voice,
“……With this much ice, we could cool the food of the entire village.”
“Or rather, it could even turn the village into mid winter for a while. ——Well, let’s go check inside.”
As soon as Kirito spoke, he advanced several steps before putting his foot on the ice lake. He gradually put his body weight on it, and eventually stepped on it with both feet, there was not a sound of the thick ice cracking.
He’s always like this. Even though Eugeo had the duty to object to his partner’s recklessness, this time his curiosity was superior. But if there really is a white dragon inside, I still want to peek at it no matter what.
Holding the sacred light higher, Eugeo and Alice chased after Kirito. Cautiously avoiding making loud footsteps, they moved from one shadow of the huge icicle to another with the center of the lake as their destination.
——This is great, if we see the real dragon, this time a story about us would continue for many hundred of years, wouldn’t it? And if, just if, we could do what Bercouli couldn’t…… by bringing anything from the dragon’s treasure hoard back with us, wouldn’t the village chief reconsider our Sacred Task……?
“Mugu.”
As Eugeo was expanding his day dreaming while still walking, his nose bumped into the back of Kirito’s head, who had suddenly stopped; with his face in a frown,
“Oi Kirito, don’t suddenly stop like that.”
However, there was no reply from his partner. Instead, a low groan came out,
“……What’s that……”
“Eh……?”
“Just exactly what is that!”
Eugeo tilted his head at the same time as Alice beside him, and looked forward from Kirito’s side.
“Just what are you talking abo……”
Alice, who saw the same thing as Eugeo couldn’t finish her words.
It was a mountain of bones.
All of them were bones made out of blue ice. They shone rigidly as if they were crystal sculptures. Every single one of them was big, the various shape of bones stacked on top of each other, made a mountain higher than the height of the three children. On top of it, was a huge lump which told them who this grave belonged to.
A skull, Eugeo could understand with just a glance. Its empty eye sockets, elongated nostrils. The horns stretched out from the back, the countless number of sword-like fangs lined up on the overhung jawbone.
“The white dragon’s…… bones?”
Alice whispered in a low voice.
“It’s already dead……?”
“Ah…… But, its death is not due to natural causes.”
The answer came from Kirito who had regained his composure, Eugeo rarely saw his partner like this, as Kirito was always painted by various other emotions.
Kirito moved a few more steps, from his feet, he picked up a huge talon which seemed to have come from the dragon’s front feet.
“Look…… there are a lot of wounds here, the tip was also neatly cut off.”
“It fought against something……? But, a living thing which could kill a dragon……”
The same question Alice asked floated in Eugeo’s mind. Speaking of the «Northern White Dragon», it’s the one that lived in various places at the Mountain range at the Edge, which encloses the entire world, protecting the Human World from the forces of darkness, it’s the world’s strongest protector. What kind of living thing could kill something like that……?
“Fighting with animals or other dragons shouldn’t give these kind of wounds.”
Kirito said while stroking his thumb over the blue talon.
“Eh……? Then, what……”
“These are the sword wounds. What killed this dragon was —— human.”
“B-But…… well, even Bercouli, the hero who won the tournament in the capital still couldn’t do it and had to run away. It’s absurd, even the swordsmen from everywhere……”
Speaking until that point, Alice seemed to notice something and sank into silence. A moment of silence fell onto the ice lake which was now turned into a huge tomb.
A few seconds later, a whisper filled with fear flowed from her small lips,
“……The Integrity Knight……? The Integrity Knight from the Axiom Church killed the white dragon……?

Part 3[edit]
An Integrity Knight, the ultimate embodiment of law and order, and also the symbol of goodness, killed the white dragon, which was also the protector of the Human World. That kind of story was, in the eleven years that Eugeo had lived, never thought of, so he didn’t think he could accept it easily. After suffering from the question he couldn’t swallow or chew for a while, he sent a glance beside him, requesting an answer from his partner.
“……I don’t understand.”
However, Kirito’s mutter was also painted in great confusion.
“Maybe…… it’s possible that the Land of darkness also has a very strong knight, and that knight killed the white dragon…… But, if that’s true, it’s odd that until now there’s not even once that the forces of darkness had crossed past the Mountain range at the Edge. ——At least, this isn’t the act of a thief though……”
After he finished speaking, Kirito stepped toward the dragon’s remains and gently put the talon back on the mountain of bones. Next, he dragged something long out of the bottom of the bone mountain.
“Uo…… so absurdly heavy……”
He showed it to Eugeo and Alice after he staggered as he dragged it for about a mel.


It was a long sword, with a silver grip and a scabbard made of white leather. Its rain guard was decorated by an inlaid delicate blue rose, with just a glance, they understood that it had a much higher value than any sword in the village.
“Ah…… this, probably……”
Alice said as she looked at it, Kirito nodded to her,
“Yeah. The «Blue Rose Sword» that Bercouli tried to steal from the bosom of the sleeping white dragon. I wonder why the guy who killed the dragon didn’t take it……”
He bowed while talking, and lifted the grip off the ground with both of his hands, however, even with his utmost strength, he only managed to lift it up a mere ten cens off the floor.
“……Too heavy!”
Kirito separated his hands as he yelled, the long sword dropped to the ice floor again with a heavy sound. A small crack could be seen on the thick ice, the sword seemed to have an unimaginable weight despite its delicate appearance.
“……What do we do with this?”
“Can’t, can’t, even with the two of us together, it’s not possible to bring it back to the village. Even though we deal with that woodcutting axe everyday. ……Besides, there seems to be more treasure under the bones though……”
“……Yeah, but don’t think about taking anything……”
The two nodded at Alice’s serious tone.
Even though taking a small trophy back and boasting to the other boys that they did it without waking the dragon would be a great adventure story, the act of taking treasure from this place was clearly grave robbery. Although the Taboo Index’ regulation about «Thievery» against humans wouldn’t apply to this situation, it didn’t mean they could do anything they wanted as long as it wasn’t prohibited.
Eugeo looked at Kirito and Alice again before nodding.
“Let’s follow our plan, only taking the ice. If it’s just ice, even if the dragon was still alive, it would forgive us, surely.”
After he said that, Eugeo walked closer to the icicles, and kicked a small ice crystal which stretched up from the base of the big icicle like a newly grown bud. Pakin, with a good sound, he picked up the broken lump before holding it out to Alice, who opened the lid of the empty wicker basket and placed the ice inside.
The three concentrated on working to pack the ice fragments into the wicker basket without talking for a while. When the base of the icicle was cleared, they moved to the next column and repeated their actions. In just a few minutes, the big wicker basket was full of crystals which looked like transparent blue jewels.
“Yoi……sho-tto”
Alice exerted her strength to pull up the wicker basket while looking at the group of lights between her arms,


“……So beautiful. Somehow, it’s such a waste to bring these back and let them all melt.”
“Aren’t we bringing these back to prolong our boxed lunch?”
Kirito said matter-of-factly while making a frown, Alice suddenly held out the basket to the black haired boy.
“Eh? I have to carry it all the way back too?”
“Isn’t it obvious? These are too heavy for me anyway.”
Trying to keep them from starting their usual bickering, Eugeo hurriedly said,
“I’ll help, we can take turns to carry it. ——Well, if we don’t go back now, we won’t reach the village before evening. Haven’t we already been in this cave for nearly an hour?”
“Ah…… as I can’t see Solus, I don’t know the exact time. Is there something in the sacred arts that can tell what time it is now?”
“Nope!”
Alice quickly averted her face, a small exit could be seen from one side of the wide lake of ice.
Next, looking around, on the opposite side was another exit.
Then, she drooped her shoulders before speaking,
“——Hey, which way did we come from?”
Eugeo and Kirito immediately pointed to the direction they were very confident of. Of course, they pointed at different exits.
There must be footprints - unfortunately, there was not a single depression on the smooth ice surface; the side where water from the lake flowed to must be the exit - unfortunately, it flowed out of both sides; the direction the skull was looking at was the exit - unfortunately, it didn’t look at either side; after all options were exhausted in vain, finally Alice started to explain something likely to be a pointer.
“Look, isn’t there a frozen puddle that Eugeo stepped on and broke? If we go closer to the exit and see it, that would be the correct one.”
I see, it’s as she said. As if to hide his embarrassment because he couldn’t think of it himself, Eugeo coughed, before nodding.
“Alright, it’s decided, let’s go check on the nearer side.”
“I think that way is correct though……”
While Kirito was still grumbling in reluctance, Eugeo used his left hand to push his back while holding the ear of grass in his right hand high, and stepped into the waterway in front of him.
When the ice columns that reflected the light had disappeared from their surroundings, what had been a reliable sacred light now felt very unreliable. The three increased their pace.
“……Hmm, we don’t know the road back, just like the Berin brothers in the old tale. It’d be great if we had scattered nuts on the way in, as there are no birds to eat them anyway.”
Kirito’s silly talk felt somewhat feigned, So this carefree partner can feel uneasy too huh? Eugeo became slightly amused in contrast.
“What are you talking about? We don’t have nuts in the first place. If you want to utilize what you have learned, how about putting your cloth at each fork we’ll run into?”
“Stop it, I’ll catch a cold like that.”
As Kirito imitated intentional sneezing, Alice slapped his back.
“Stop talking nonsense and look at the ground carefully. If we overlook it, it’ll be troublesome…… or rather……”
As she cut her speech off, she frowned before continuing,
“Hey, we have walked for a while now but still can’t see the broken ice puddle…… So, it’s actually the other path?”
“No, let’s go a bit more…… Ah, listen.”
As Kirito suddenly put his finger to his lips, Eugeo and Alice stopped talking. They listened carefully.
Certainly, there was another sound mixed in with the flow of the groundwater stream. It sounded like a melancholic whistle that raised and lowered in pitch.
“Ah…… the sound of wind?”
Alice murmured. Certainly, Eugeo also realized it was a sound similar to the treetops playing in the wind.
“The exit is nearby! It’s great we picked this path, let’s hurry!”
As he called out in relief, he started jogging to resume advancing.
“Hey, you’ll slip if you run in a place like this.”
But even though she said so, Alice also increased her pace. Following them from behind was Kirito, who made a doubtful expression.
“But…… does summer wind sound like this? Somehow…… it sounds like cold winter wind……”
“The strong valley winds blow like that. Anyway, let’s get out of here quickly.”
The light in Eugeo’s right hand swung violently as he approached the cave exit. My heart has already overflowed with the feeling of quickly going back to the village, to my home. I’m sure my family would be surprised once I show them the fragment of ice I got from Alice.
But, the ice will melt quickly. Maybe it’d be better if I took an old silver coin back there…… As he thought that, he saw a small light in the darkness up ahead.
“The exit!”
He shouted with a smiling face, then frowned. The light became faintly reddish. They had entered the cave just around lunch, the time they spent inside was at most an hour or a little more, it seemed they had been in the underground world longer than they realized. If Solus had already started sinking to the west, and they didn’t hurriedly go back, they wouldn’t reach the village in time for dinner.
Eugeo quickened his pace. The high-pitched sound of the wind echoing into the cave had already dominated the sound of the river.
“Hey Eugeo, stop for a bit! This is weird, it has just been two hours at most but……”
Alice who ran behind him raised her voice in anxiety. However, Eugeo didn’t stop. I’ve had had enough of this adventure. Right now, I want to be home even a moment sooner——
Turning to the right, turning to the left, and turning to the right again, finally the light fully spread in his vision. The exit was just a few mels ahead. He narrowed his eyes which had been accustomed to the dark while gradually loosening his running pace, before completely stopping.
The cave ended just there.
However, in front of Eugeo’s eyes wasn’t the world he knew.
The whole sky was deep red. But it wasn’t the color of the setting sun. First of all, Solus couldn’t be found anywhere in the sky. Like the juice from the hanging mountain grapes that were too ripe —— or the sheep’s blood which was thrown out, only a dull, depressing red spread across his eyes.
The ground was black. On the other side was the strangely steep mountain range which was dotted in front by strangely shaped rocky mountains, the water surface which could be seen here and there were stained in black with something reminiscent of ash. The skin of twisted dead trees was white like polished bone.
The wind, which blew violently as if to tear everything in pieces, shook the dead treetops, causing long melancholic cries. It was without a doubt, the sound of the wind they had heard inside the cave.
A place like this, a world which was forsook by gods, wasn’t the Human World Eugeo lived in. Then —— what the three were looking at, this scene was——
“Dark…… Territory……”
Kirito’s hoarse voice was immediately carried off by the sound of the wind.
The place where the authority of the Axiom Church couldn’t extend its reach to, the land of the devil tribes serving under the god of darkness Vector, the world which they had thought only existed inside the tales told by the village elders, was just a few steps ahead. As he thought that, the center of Eugeo’s head became freezing cold, he couldn’t do anything but to stand still. As if having touched that information for the first time in his life, the large amount of it flew into a section of his mind which had never been used before, he was no longer able to even handle thoughts of his own.
Inside his head, which was stained in pure white, was a single sentence written at the beginning of the Taboo Index, shining clearly and brightly. The first chapter, third passage, eleventh paragraph which should have been forgotten after talking to Alice the day before.『Not anyone is to go beyond the Mountain range enclosing the edge of the Human World』.
“No…… don’t go any further……”
Eugeo recklessly moved his stiff mouth and squeezed the words out. He spread his arms as if to prevent Kirito and Alice, who were behind him, from falling.
At that time. A solid metal striking sound echoed from above, Eugeo’s body trembled in surprise. He looked up at the red sky reflexively.
In the blood red background, he could see something white intertwined with something black.
As they were flying at frightening heights, they were tiny little specks. It seemed their real size would be far beyond humans. While the two flying bodies were intensely switching places, they separated before approaching each other again, the moment they blended together, an intermittent metallic sound echoed.
“The dragon knights……”
Kirito, who was looking up at the sky beside Eugeo, whispered in a husky voice.
It was as his partner said, the two fighting each other had long necks and tails, they were huge flying dragons, each with a pair of triangular wings. The body of the riders could be seen on their backs, armed with swords and shields. The one riding the white dragon was in a white silver armor, on the black dragon was a knight in jet black armor. Their swords were like that too, the beam of dazzling light from the white knight’s sword was stagnated by the miasma released from the black knight’s sword.
As the two dragon knights struck each other with their swords, the sound of thunderous impact reverberated, as large amount of tiny fire particles danced in the air.
“I wonder if the white one is…… the Church’s Integrity Knight……”
To Alice’s mutter, Kirito nodded slightly.
“Right…… The black one is the knight of the darkness’ forces, I guess…… With strength on par to the Integrity Knight’s.”
“It can’t be……”
Eugeo shook his head inadvertently.
“The Integrity Knights are the world’s strongest. He can’t be defeated by the likes of a knight of darkness.”
“I wonder about that. From the look of it, there isn’t much difference in their sword skills. Both can’t penetrate the other’s defense.”
Immediately after Kirito said that. As if hearing his voice, the white knight pulled his dragon’s bridle and gained a large gap. The black dragon flapped its wings violently to shorten the distance.
However, before the distance could be reduced, the white dragon turned its head sharply by bending its neck, along with an action which seemed to be gathering power. Immediately after that, while still swinging its neck, its jaws opened wide. A colorless flame gushed out in a straight line from between its fangs, and wrapped the black dragon knight entirely.
The roar which dominated the sound of the wind struck Eugeo’s ears. The black dragon twisted its body in pain, shaking violently in mid air and descended. Without missing that chance, the Integrity Knight had replaced his sword with a reddish brown great bow and drew it to the limit, before releasing a long arrow.
The arrow drew a faint trace of flame in the mid air, without missing, it pierced through the black knight’s chest.
“Ah……”
Alice raised a small voice which sounded like a shriek.
As the skin of both its wings had been burnt completely, the black dragon lost its ability to fly and wriggled violently in mid air. The black knight separated from its back, and with a trail of blood, started falling straight toward the cave entrance where the three of them stood.
First, the black sword stabbed upright into the gravel mixed ground, producing a dry sound. Next, at a place about ten mels away from the three of them, the knight crashed. Lastly, the black dragon crashed into the considerably far rocky mountain, it moved its long tail while crying in agony, before it stopped moving altoghether.
In front of the three children who were staring wordlessly, the black knight was struggling in pain, trying to raise his upper body. On the dully shining metal armor’s breastplate, the deep hole from the pierce wound could be seen. The knight’s face, which was hidden behind the thick visor, was directed straight at the three.
His slightly trembling right hand stretched out as if asking for help. But immediately after that, a large amount of fresh blood gushed out of the neck of the armor, the knight then collapsed onto the ground. The red liquid spread wide from the body which no longer moved, soaking into the gaps of the black gravel.
“Ah…… ah……”
A thin voice leaked from Alice on Eugeo’s right side. Moving as if she was sucked toward, staggering forward —— to the outside of the cave.
Eugeo didn’t have any reaction. However, Kirito on his left made a low and sharp shout “Nooo!!” Alice heard that voice, her body trembled, trying to stop. But her feet were tangled, her body inclined forward. This time Eugeo also stretched his hand along with Kirito in reflex, trying to grab Alice’s clothes.
However, their fingertips only sliced air.
Alice collapsed on the ground of the cave and let out a small gasp, followed by the trail of her long golden hair.
It’s just falling. Even if I checked the «Window», Life would be reduced by just one or two points. However, the problem wasn’t that. The moment Alice fell, her right hand stretched forward, and went about twenty cens past the strangely clear boundary between the bluish grey cave floor and the ash colored ground ahead. The pure white palm touched the pure black gravel. The Land of darkness, Dark Territory’s ground.
“Alice―……!”
Kirito and Eugeo unanimously called, they stretched out both hands and grabbed Alice’s body tightly. Normally, doing something like this would get them yelled at until they regretted it, but this time, she just stood firm as if in a trance, and was pulled back into the cave.
Alice, who was held up by Eugeo’s and Kirito’s hands, had her eyes wide opened at the defeated black knight, before long, her gaze dropped to her right hand. The fluffy palm still had sand and small stones stuck to it, every single grain pitch black.
“…………I…… I……”
Alice murmured in a grave tone, as Eugeo mindlessly stretched his hands out to her right hand. He rubbed her palm, wiping out all the grains of sand, and said earnestly,
“I-It’s alright, Alice. You didn’t go out of the cave. Your hand just touched it. That, surely, isn’t forbidden, right? Right, Kirito?!”
Eugeo lifted his face and looked at his partner’s face as if to rely on him. But Kirito wasn’t looking at Eugeo nor Alice. While standing on his knees, his gaze was sharply running through the surroundings.
“W-What’s the matter, Kirito?”
“…………Don’t you feel it, Eugeo? It’s like…… someone…… something……”
He frowned and started looking around again after speaking, however, in the cave there wasn’t even a bug, let alone a human. The only thing that entered his vision was at the place ten mels away, the dead black knight. The figure of the Integrity Knight who had won the battle had already disappeared from the sky.
“It’s just your imagination, rather than that……”
Let’s get Alice to the other side of the cave quickly.
As Eugeo was about to say that, Kirito grabbed his shoulder at full force. While frowning, Eugeo followed his partner’s gaze, immediately after that, his body became intensely rigid.
Near the ceiling of the cave, there was something strange.
A violet circle shook like the surface of water. With a diameter of about fifty cens, vaguely looking out of it, was —— a human face. It was hard to tell if it were male or female, young or old from its plain features. Its skin was pale, its head didn’t have a single strand of hair. Both of its eyes which opened in a perfect circle were also void of emotions. However, Eugeo could instinctively guess. Those eyes weren’t looking at him or Kirito, but at the person who was sitting absentmindedly on the ground, Alice.
The stranger’s mouth started moving, through the violet membrane, strange words could be heard,
“シンギュラー・ユニット・ディテクティド。アイディー・トレーシング……”
Both its eyes, which looked like balls of grass blinked briefly, then once again, the mysterious voice said,
“コーディネート・フィクスト。リポート・コンプリート”
Then, the violet window suddenly vanished. Once Eugeo belatedly noticed that the stranger’s words might be some kind of the sacred arts’ ritual phrase, he hurriedly looked at Alice, Kirito, then finally himself, but he didn’t feel that anything had changed.
Even so, the event was too strange to ignore. Eugeo exchanged glances with his partner, the two helped to lift Alice up, as if to carry their childhood friend who was still trembling, back into the cave ——and started trotting in the original direction they had come from.

Eugeo couldn’t remember how they returned to Rulid village.
Going back across the lake where the white dragon lay, and continuing to run after they jumped into the opposite exit. They slipped many times as they were running on wet stones, but they went through the long cave with just a fraction of the time when they came, when they jumped into the white light they finally saw, the afternoon sunlight was still brightly pouring onto the forest.
However, Eugeo’s anxiety of getting captured hadn’t disappeared easily. Even at this moment, he still had the feeling that the violet window would open right behind them, with that strangely pale face appearing again, so he didn’t let himself rest.
Under the trees where small birds sang, passing the bank of the small river where a group of small fish moved here and there, the three hastily walked in silence. Crossing the hill which was supposed to be the Northern pass, going past the twin ponds, before finally arrived at the north Rulid bridge.
With additional walking, they had returned and rested at the base of the old tree, which had been their meeting place at dawn, but still didn’t talk much. The three exchanged glances before smiling slightly.
“Hey, Alice, here.”
Kirito said and thrusted the heavy looking wicker basket forward. Inside it was packed with the fruit of today’s adventure, the «Summer Ice»; Eugeo now realized the existence of the basket which he had completely forgotten. To hide his embarrassment, he said with a calm face,
“When you get back home, you’d better bring them to the cellar quickly. That way, it should be able to hold out until tomorrow, right?”
“……Yeah, alright.”
The unusually obedient Alice nodded, after taking the basket, she looked at two boys’ faces in turn; finally, her usual clear smile floated to her face.
“You can look forward to tomorrow’s boxed lunch. As the reward for your hard work, I’ll do my best.”
You mean Sadina-obasan will do her best, don’t you?, which of course, Eugeo and Kirito didn’t say out loud. The two exchanged glances for a moment before nodding at the same time.
“……Hey, what were you thinking?”
Alice asked while wearing a perplexed expression, the two boys slapped Alice’s shoulders, before saying in unison——
“It’s nothing! Well, let’s go back to the village!”
By the time they walked to the village square, the place where they parted, the real sunset sky hovered above them. Kirito lived in the church, Alice went back to the village chief’s residence. Eugeo arrived at his house on the west side of the village just a few seconds before the six o’clock bell rang.
Eugeo stayed silent throughout the dinner he arrived at, barely on time. Even though he was confident that his brothers and sisters, and even his father and grandfather never had an adventure like him today, he was somehow unable to bring himself to boast about it.
It seemed he couldn’t speak about the fact that he had seen the Land of darkness with his own eyes —— the fierce battle between the Integrity Knight and the black knight, and then the strange face which appeared at the end; because once he talked about that, it wasn’t hard to guess what the reaction from his family might be, and it made him scared.
That night, Eugeo who went to bed early thought he would be able to forget everything he saw at the end of the adventure. But he wasn’t able to, as the Axiom Church and the Integrity Knight which he had been holding in admiration and respect up until this point had turned out to be something completely different.

Part 4[edit]
Solus had set, then arisen —— and then, it was daily life as usual, without any changes.
Normally, on the day after the rest day, Eugeo would go to the workplace slightly depressed, however, today he somehow felt relieved. I’ve had enough adventure, I’m a woodcutter after all. As he was thinking this as he walked out of the village’s south gate, Kirito joined him on the border between the fields and the forest.
Eugeo noticed a slight sense of relief on the face of the partner he had known for a long time. The other also noticed the same expression on Eugeo’s face. For a short while, the two exchanged grins to hide their embarrassment.
They walked along the narrow forest path for a short while before obtaining the Dragon Bone Axe from the storage hut, then after walking several more minutes, reached the base of the Gigas Cedar. Eugeo was grateful when he thought of continuing to cut the tree trunk like nothing had changed.
“Alright, make sure you get in a few good hits and treat me to Siral water today.”
“Isn’t that what you have always had to do until recently, Kirito?”
As they jabbed at each other, Eugeo set up the axe. The first strike produced a Gon high-pitched sound. I’m in a good condition today. Eugeo thought.
As the morning went on, the two continued making good strikes on the tree trunk. The reason was, as they were swinging the axe, if they lost concentration, their minds would return to the scene they saw yesterday —— it wasn’t something that could be denied.
After striking nine sets of the fifty strikes per set requirement, Eugeo’s stomach started rumbling.
Eugeo looked up into the sky as he wiped his sweat, Solus was already reaching the middle of the sky. Like always, after one more strike, Alice would bring the awaited lunch. But today we can slowly eat pie with cold milk. His empty stomach hurt just by imagining it.
“Otto……”
Just thinking about lunch made Eugeo’s grip slip. After wiping both his wet palms, he cautiously held the axe in a tighter grip.
Suddenly, the sunlight became dim.
Sudden rain? That’s annoying. Eugeo thought while looking up.
A shadow could be seen flying across the blue sky above Gigas Cedar’s branches at a high speed. Eugeo’s heart flinched.
“The flying dragon……!?”
Eugeo unintentionally shouted,
“Oi…… Kirito, just now!!”
“Aa, it’s the Integrity Knight from yesterday!!”
His partner’s voice was also frozen in fear.
The flying dragon along with the silvery white knight sitting on its back swept over the treetops and disappeared from their eyes in the direction of Rulid village.
Why would he comes to a place like this?
In the complete silence, as if the birds and bugs were in fear, Eugeo thought in confusion.
The Integrity Knights fight against the Axiom Church’s enemies and keep the order in place. In the current Human World where the four empires divided and ruled, there are no rebel groups anymore, so aside from the forces of darkness, the Integrity Knights’ enemies don’t exist. What I heard about the knights’ endless fights outside the Mountain range at the Edge, I actually saw it with my own eyes yesterday.
It is the first time I have seen a real Integrity Knight. Since I was born, the knight had never come to the village. And yet, why now——
“It can’t be…… It can’t be, Alice……”
Kirito murmured beside him.
The moment he heard that, the strange voice he heard back then returned vividly to Eugeo’s ears. Beyond the violet window, blurting out mysterious phrases from the human with strange facial features. He felt chill down his spine as if he was suspended in freezing water.
“It’s a lie…… it can’t be true, just that…… with just that……”
He looked at Kirito’s face while he talked, as if to seek agreement, but his partner was wearing a rare solemn expression while staring in the direction the knight flew. A few moments later, Kirito looked straight into Eugeo’s eyes before giving a short call,
“Let’s go!”
He took the Dragon Bone Axe off Eugeo’s hand before running toward the north in a straight line.
“O……Oi!”
Something bad is happening. While he was thinking that, Eugeo also kicked the ground and quickly chased after Kirito.
They ran through the familiar small path of the forest at full speed while avoiding roots and rocks, as the path merged with the main road which went through the field. They couldn’t see the shadow of the flying dragon in the sky over the village. Kirito loosened his feet slightly, and loudly asked the farmer among the ears of wheat, who wore a blue outfit and was looking up at the sky.
“Ridack-ojisan! Where did the dragon knight go!?”
The farmer looked like he had just woke up from a dream, after blinking many times, he finally replied,
“A…… Ah…… hello, it looked like it dropped at the village square……”
“Thanks!!”
After thanking him in irritation, the two continued running at full speed.
On various places along the main road and fields, were groups of villagers standing still. Probably, even among the elders, there might be no one who had actually seen the Integrity Knight before. Everyone just stared at the village with an expression of not knowing what to do. Eugeo and Kirito just ran past them desperately.
Passing through the village’s south gate, running through the short shopping street, and, after crossing the small stone bridge, the two finally saw it. They caught their breath without their feet ever stopping.
The long arching neck and tail of the flying dragon occupied the northern half of the square in front of the church.
Its big wings folded to its sides, almost completely blocking the church from view. Its grey scales and the steel armor on various parts of its body reflected the light of Solus, which made it look like an ice sculpture. Its bloodshot eyes, void of emotion, were looking down at the village square.
In front of the dragon, shining even more dazzlingly, was the figure of the knight.
His frame was larger than anyone in the village. The heavy armor polished until it was like a mirror covered his entire body, without a single trace of cloth, as all the joints were covered by finely knit silver chains. The headpiece which mimicked a dragon’s head had its forehead protruding out, on its sides were long decorated horns stretched backward, the knight’s face was hidden behind the huge visor which was pulled down.
There was a long sword which had a silver grip hanging from his left waist. On his back, with a length of about a mel, was a reddish brown bow. It was without a doubt, the Integrity Knight who shot and killed the black knight that Eugeo had seen at the exit of the cave yesterday.
From the cross shaped opening of the visor, the knight stared wordlessly to the south of the square, and the dozens of villagers who had gathered lowered their heads in unison. On the last row, the figure of a young girl who had just lowered the wicker basket in her hand could be seen, Eugeo released the tension from his shoulders slightly. Alice, who was wearing her usual blue dress and white pinafore, stared at the figure of the Integrity Knight from between the gap of the adults.
Eugeo elbowed Kirito’s sides as a signal, they bent their bodies and moved, after they arrived behind Alice, Kirito whispered,
“Alice……”
Their childhood friend turned around, as her golden hair swung sideways, her surprised face looked as if she was about to say something. Kirito quickly put his finger to his mouth, before quietly whispering,
“Alice, be quiet. I think we need to get out of here right now.”
“Eh…… why?”
Alice replied in a similarly low whisper, she seemed not to know the danger which currently drew near her. Eugeo thought she wouldn’t notice the possibility without Kirito saying it.
“No…… that Integrity Knight is probably……”
How should we explain from there. As Eugeo was lost in thought for a moment. At that time.
A few low voices came from within the crowd. Looking up, walking to the square from the village hall, a tall man came into view.
“Ah…… father.”
Alice muttered. The man was the girl’s father and at the same time, the current village chief of Rulid, Gasupht Schuberg. The firm body was dressed in a simple vest, his black hair and beard were tidily trimmed. Even though he had inherited this Sacred Task from the previous village chief for just four years, his piercing discernment quickly gained him the respect of all villagers.
Gasupht approached the Integrity Knight alone without any trace of hesitation, before setting his hands in front of the body according to the Axiom Church’s etiquette, then bowed. After raising his face, he addressed himself,
“I serve as the village chief of Rulid, Schuberg is my name.”
The Integrity Knight lifted up his fists in front of his body in return to Gasupht, the armor made a faint sound when he nodded, before starting to speak,
“Overseeing the Norlangarth North Castle, Integrity Knight of the Axiom Church, Deusolbert Synthesis Seven.”
It was hard to believe that it came from the throat of a living person, as it reverberated in a discordant intonation. The voice which had a steely feel to it echoed throughout the square, causing every villager in the area to become silent. Eugeo frowned as the sound felt as if it pierced directly through his forehead rather than come through the ears, even though he was more than twenty mels away. Even the village chief Gasupht was pushed half a step backward due to the pressure.
However, as expected from his courage, Gasupht corrected his posture, before issuing his impressive speech once again,
“It is an honor to have Sir Integrity Knight, who keeps the order of the vast Human World, visit our small village in this remote region. If I had known of your approach in advance I would have prepared a welcoming banquet.”
“I can not accept that during the fulfillment of my official duties.”
The knight’s reverberating voice said, and with an ice-like glare under the visor —— he continued,
“Due to Gasupht Schuberg’s child, Alice Schuberg’s offense to the Taboo clause, I have come to arrest her for interrogation, followed by her execution.”
A trembling could be seen on Alice’s back who stood nearby. However, Eugeo and Kirito couldn’t do anything, let alone speak. In their heads, the knight’s words repeatedly echoed.
The village chief’s strong body also shook for a moment. A short but clear curve could be seen slightly from the side of his face.
After a long silence, Gasupht said in a voice which had lost its luster,
“……Sir Knight, what was the sin that my daughter committed?”
“The Taboo Index, first chapter, third passage, eleventh paragraph, trespassing the Dark Territory.”
At that moment, a big commotion began among the villagers who were holding their breath, listening to the exchange up until this point. The children widened their eyes, as every adult murmured the church’s sacred phrase while tracing the curse protection symbol.
Then, Eugeo and Kirito finally acted, partly due to instinct. They thrust themselves in front of Alice, stuck together at their shoulders, hiding the girl from the villagers eyes behind their backs. However, they couldn’t perform any further actions, as sudden movements would attract attention from the adults in front of them.
Inside Eugeo’s head, What should we do, what should we do, was the only thought there, continuously repeating itself. Even without the depression which had welled up in his chest at this moment, he still wouldn’t know what he could do.
All he did was stand upright, watching the scene up ahead, at the village chief Gasupht who was hanging his head deeply without making any actions.
It’s alright, if it’s that person. Eugeo thought. Even though he had never spoke to the village chief Gasupht much, he should have the most respect from the adults after Old Garitta.
However——
“……In that case, I will call my daughter, I think we should hear the reason from the mouth of the person herself.”
The village chief who lifted his face said just that.
No, we can’t let Alice come out in front of the knight. During the brief period Eugeo thought that, the Integrity Knight lifted his right hand up as his armor made a small sound. Seeing his fingertip pointed directly at him, Eugeo’s heart squirmed uncomfortably.
“That is not necessary. Alice Schuberg is right there. You, and you……”
The knight moved his hand and pointed to the adults among the crowd in turn.
“Take the chief’s daughter here.”
The row of villagers in front of Eugeo quickly split. What stood between the Integrity Knight and Alice were just Kirito and Eugeo.
On the vacant road, two village acquaintances slowly approached. Their skin had lost the color of blood, but there were odd lights floating in their eyes.
The men forcefully tore Eugeo and Kirito, who were blocking them, off Alice, and pushed them to the side before grabbing Alice’s arms.
“Ah……”
Alice raised a small voice, before clenching her lips tightly. As her rose colored cheeks faded, a faint smile floated to her face, It’s alright. She nodded to the two like that.
“Alice……”
When Kirito called out in a small voice, the wicker basket in her right hand fell down due to the rough pulling. The lid opened, and its contents rolled out onto the stone pavement.
The two villagers pulled Alice, without letting her pick it up, toward the Integrity Knight.
Eugeo’s stare was fixed on the wicker basket which was lying on its side.
Pie and hard bread were wrapped in a white cloth, small ice firmly filled the gaps. A piece of ice which had spilled out reflected the sunlight and shone brilliantly. In just a moment, the ice on the stone’s surface, which was heated by the sunlight, immediately melted, turning into a small black spot.
Beside him, Kirito inhaled sharply.
As expected, he lifted his face and chased Alice’s back, which was being pulled away. Eugeo also clenched his teeth, forcing his stiff legs to follow his partner.
The two men released Alice’s arms beside the village chief, then moved a few steps backward before kneeling. Both their hands were clasped as they bowed down deeply, showing obedience to the knight.
Alice, who had been released, looked at her father with a pale face. Gasupht glanced at his beloved daughter briefly before turning away and looking downward once more.
The Integrity Knight nodded lightly before pulling an odd tool out from the back of his armor. It was a thick iron chain with three leather belts attached to it in parallel, there was a big loop at the tip of the chain.
The knight handed the tool to Gasupht.
“An order to the village chief. Bind the criminal.”
“…………”


As the village chief received the restraining tool as his confused gaze lowered, before Kirito and Eugeo finally arrived in front of the knight. The knight’s headpiece moved slowly, before facing straight at them.
Eugeo was unable to see anything inside the cross shaped cut on the shiny visor, as it was wrapped in deep darkness, but the pressure from the gaze caused him to feel pain. He looked down reflexively, wanting to say something to Alice who stood in front of him, but unable to do so, as his throat felt like it was burning.
Kirito also faced downwards, like Eugeo, while taking shallow breaths repeatedly, then suddenly he lifted his face and shouted in a clear voice while he was still trembling.
“Knight-sama!!”
He inhaled deeply once, and continued,
“A……Alice didn’t enter the Dark Territory! One of her hands merely touched the ground briefly! It was just that!”
However, the answer from the knight was simple,
“Is there any need of further acts?”
Along with those words, he waved his hand to the two kneeling men. The villagers stood up and grabbed the back of Kirito and Yujio necks, before starting to pull them away. While opposing them, Kirito shouted again,
“Th……Then, we also commited the same sin!! We were at the same place! If you’re going to take her, then take us too!!”
However, the Integrity Knight no longer looked at them.
That’s right…… If Alice committed the Taboo, then I should receive the same punishment. Eugeo thought so. He thought that from the bottom of his heart.
Then why won’t my voice come out? I want to shout like Kirito, but my mouth feels like it has forgotten how to move, all it can do is spit out husky breaths.
Alice glanced and turned to look at them, It’s alright. She smiled like that, and nodded.
Her father, who had lost his facial expression, turned the threatening restraint tool behind her slim body. He tightened the three leather belts at her shoulder, abdomen, and waist. Alice’s face distorted just slightly. After he finished tightening the metal fixtures, he staggered a few steps backward, and looked down once more. The knight walked toward Alice, before grabbing the end of the chain dangling behind her back.
Eugeo and Kirito were pulled back to the center of the square, then forcefully pushed down on their knees.
Kirito put his mouth near Eugeo’s ear while he pretended to stagger, and quickly whispered,
“Eugeo…… listen, I’ll use this axe to attack the Integrity Knight. I should be able to buy a few seconds, you use that chance to take Alice and run away. Run to the wheat fields in the south, blend into the gap in the fields and go into the forest, you won’t be easily seen that way.
After Eugeo glanced at the Dragon Bone Axe Kirito held, he was somehow able to squeeze out his voice,
“……Ki…… Kirito…… but…”
Yesterday, haven’t you already seen the Integrity Knight’s terrifying sword and bow skills? If you do something like that, he’ll kill you immediately…… just like that black knight.
As if he could read Eugeo’s thoughts, who was unable to speak, Kirito continued,
“It’s alright, that knight didn’t execute Alice right here. Probably, without an interrogation first, he can’t just kill me. I’ll find a chance to escape too. Also……”
Kirito’s burning gaze was directed at the Integrity Knight, who was confirming the tightness of the restraint tool. Each time he pulled the leather belts, Alice face became distorted in pain.
“……Also, it’s fine even if we fail. As long as we are taken along with Alice, there must be a chance for us to escape. But right now, if Alice is taken alone on the flying dragon, there is no more hope.”
“That’s……”
That’s probably right.
But —— such a reckless idea which can’t even be considered a plan, isn’t it «Treason against the Church»? The Taboo Index, first clause, first passage, first paragraph, defined it as, the greatest sin——
“Eugeo…… is there any need for hesitation!? Who cares if it’s Taboo!? Is that more important than Alice’s life!?”
Kirito’s low but tense voice hit Eugeo’s earlobe.
Right. It’s just as he said.
Inside Eugeo’s heart, he shouted to himself,
——We three had decided that we would be together from birth till death. Working together, so that one could live for the sake of the other two, we did vow that.
Then, there’s no reason to hesitate. The Axiom Church and Alice, which is more important? That answer is already decided. It’s already decided. That is —— that is ——
“Eugeo…… what are you thinking, Eugeo!!”
A voice which now sounded like a shriek tore out from Kirito.
Alice was watching at the two. She shook her head with a worried face.
“That is…… that…… is……”
A hoarse voice came from his throat, as if it wasn’t his own.
However, he couldn’t finish his words. Even inside his head, he couldn’t form the rest of the words. Zukin, a sharp pain ran up his right eye. The continuous throbbing pain interfered with his thinking. Zukin, zukin, a blood-like color spread in his vision, covered everything altogether, as the senses from his limbs faded.
At this time, the village chief had noticed the unusual event occurring, caused by the two of them. He slowly moved his arm, and ordered the two villagers standing behind the two,
“Take those children out of the square.”
Immediately after that, Eugeo and Kirito’s napes were grabbed and dragged backward.
“Damn…… let go!! ——Village chief!! Gasupht-ojisan! Is this alright!? Is it alright to let Alice be taken away like this!!?”
Kirito struggled as if he went insane, shook off the man’s hands, readied the axe in his hand, preparing to charge in.
However, his feet, which wore simple leather boots, couldn’t even make a single step forward. Before he could start running, something surprising had occurred.
The moment the Integrity Knight, who had finished confirming the leather belts on Alice, glanced at Kirito, the Dragon Bone Axe which was held in a tight grip made a sharp metallic sound before flipping out of his hands. The knight touched neither the sword on his waist nor the bow on his back. He didn’t move even a single finger. It was as if his intention itself formed a real blade and hit Kirito’s axe, sending it flying to the edge of the square.
Kirito who had received the aftereffects from the unusual impact also had his body suppressed as he collapsed. Immediately, several men joined in and completely sealed his movements.
His right cheek was pressed against the stone pavement, while he gave off an expression of pain, Kirito desperately shouted,
“Eugeo! Please, go!!”
“A……u, a……”
Eugeo’s whole body trembled.
Go. I have to go. I have to take Alice back from the knight’s hand, then escape to the southern forest.
A faint voice echoed from a corner of his mind. But immediately, a sharp pain attacked his right eye as if it was stabbed, blowing off all his intentions. Together with the pulsing red light, another voice noisily reverberated like a cracked bell.
The Axiom Church is absolute. The Taboo Index is absolute. Disobeying it isn’t allowed. No one is allowed to do so.
“Eugeo, at least get these guys off me!! Then I can……!!”
The Integrity Knight paid no more attention to the commotion at the square, he set the end of the chain to the saddle on the back of the flying dragon. As the dragon lowered its neck, the knight effortlessly climbed into the saddle. The silver armor gleamed brightly.
“Eugeo————!!”
Kirito screamed as he was vomiting blood.
The white flying dragon raised its body, and spread open its wings. The loud sound rang twice, thrice.
Alice, who was bound to the dragon’s saddle, looked straight at Eugeo. She was smiling. As if she was saying ‘Goodbye,’ with those blue pupils of hers. Her long golden hair shook from the wind caused by the flapping wings, glittering as brilliantly as the knight’s armor.
However, Eugeo couldn’t move. He couldn’t make a sound.
As if his legs were rooted to the ground, he couldn’t move even slightly.


Prologue II[edit]
(June 2026)
Part 1[edit]
While taking a gulp of iced milk coffee and enjoying the mellow fragrance as she slowly swallowed, Asada Shino let out a long sigh.
She was watching a vague scene of colorful umbrellas passing by through the old-fashioned glass window. She disliked rain, but sitting on the table seat in this coffee shop, which was like a back alley hideout, and watching the grey view of the damp street couldn’t get her into a bad mood. The furniture in the shop had no indication of technology, and a nostalgic scent from the kitchen inside the counter gave her an illusion, like falling into a border between the real world and virtual world. It was as if the school class just an hour ago was an event from a different world.
“It falls quite a lot, doesn’t it.”
It took a little while before she realized the baritone voice coming from over the counter was directed at her. Of course that was certain, as there was no other customer. Directing her gaze toward the café au lait colored master, who was carefully polishing a glass, Shino answered:
“Yes, it’s the rainy season after all. It seems it will continue to rain until tomorrow.”
“I’m certain that this is the Undine mages’ actions.”
The scary faced giant issued the words with a red face, before inadvertently making a bitter smile.
“……When you tell a joke, it will lose its effect if you make a face like that, Agil-san.”
“Mu……”
The scene of the coffee shop and bar, «Dicey Café»’s shopkeeper Agil groping his brows and mouth for ‘a face like that’, seemed like it could make children immediately start to cry, Shino who was watching it let out a slight laugh. She then quickly brought the glass to her mouth and gulped down some coffee.
How would he interpret Shino’s reaction? Right after Agil made an intense frightful face in a satisfying manner, the doorbell rang. The new customer stopped moving just as he walked one step into the shop and saw the master’s face, then shook his head before saying,
“……Hey Agil, if you greet the customers with that face every time, surely this shop will go out of business very soon.”
“I-It’s not. That was a special favor used for jokes.”
“……No, that’s also wrong.”
As he was disproving Agil, he put his umbrella into the whiskey barrel near the door before looking at Shino and raising his right hand.
“Otsu.”
“You’re late.”
She frowned a little as she responded, the person she was expecting —— Kirigaya Kazuto shrank his neck before making an excuse,
“Sorry, I haven’t taken a train for quite some time now……”
He sat on the opposite side of Shino, then undid a button of his open-collared shirt.
“You didn’t come on your bike today?”
“I don’t want to ride it through the rain…… Agil, Caffè Shakerato for me.”
Shino looked at the relaxed Kazuto who had ordered an unfamiliar drink, his neck was as thin as his avatar in the virtual world, his face also couldn’t be said to be healthy.
“……Aren’t you too thin? You should eat more.”
Shino said frowning, but Kazuto just waved his hand.
“From here on it would go back to my standard body weight anyway. But from Friday until Sunday, it would drop again……”
“Training on the mountain?”
“No, nothing but sleep.”
“Then why did you get thinner?”
“Not drinking and eating at all.”
“……Hah? Are you aiming for enlightenment?”
Shino tilted her head as she was unable to understand the meaning of his words, at that moment, a light click-clack sound could be heard from the counter. What she saw was the master who handled the silvery shaker with an elegance mismatched with his big frame —— but saying it that way might be rude. As Shino watched while thinking that, Agil gently poured the contents of the shaker into a wide coupe glass, before putting it on a tray and carrying it out.
The glass which was placed in front of Kazuto contained a light brown liquid topped with smooth brown foam.
“This is the Caffè…… something or other you ordered just now?”
Shino asked, Kazuto then slid the glass with his fingertips toward her. ‘Itadakimasu,’ she lifted up the glass as she muttered, and put it at her lips. The texture of the thick creamy foam, the refreshing chill, and the coffee aroma visiting in turn, after swallowing, the magnificent sweet aftertaste still softly persisted. It was worlds different from the iced café au lait that could be bought at the school’s vending machine.
“…………It’s very good.”
As Shino muttered, Agil made a satisfied look before hitting his thick upper arm.
“Without these fantastic bartender arms, it wouldn’t be that creamy.”
“Can’t stop boasting about your skill level ever since coming back to reality, huh. Leaving that aside, Agil, what’s this smell?”
Kazuto asked as the smell stimulated his nose, the shopkeeper cleared his throat and answered,
“Boston-style baked beans. These fantastic arms of rock……”
“Heh―, a taste of your wife’s hometown, huh? Then I’ll take that.”
Agil, who was interrupted mid-speech, walked away with his lips in a へ shape; Kazuto recovered the glass in front of Shino, then took a gulp. He exhaled, corrected his posture on the chair, before looking straight ahead.
“…………How is he now?”
She understood the meaning of the sudden question right away. However, Shino didn’t reply immediately, she seized the glass from Kazuto’s hand again, this time she took a bigger gulp. As the smooth cream passed down her throat, the rich fragrance escaped to her nose. That stimulus reconnected the fragmented thoughts in her mind, changed them into a short words,
“Yeah…… He seemed to have calmed down quite a lot.”
Half a year ago, in 2025, the «Death Gun» incident occurred.
One of the three perpetrators at that time was also Shino’s only friend, Shinkawa Kyouji, had received an exception after the lengthy trial of the juvenile case, he was transferred to be imprisoned at a juvenile rehabilitation facility last month.
During the trial, he had remained stubbornly silent, even the psychiatric examination performed by an expert couldn’t make him open his mouth; however, a day about six months after the incident, he started to agree to the counselor’s queries, bit by bit. Shino could vaguely guess the reason for that. Six months —— or one hundred and eighty days, was the retention period of the unpaid fee in the VRMMO game «Gun Gale Online». Once that period had passed, Shinkawa Kyouji’s other self, or it could be said his true self «Spiegel» would disappear from the GGO server, which led Kyouji to be prepared to finally face reality.
“I planned to visit him once he improves a little. I think this time he’ll let me meet him.”
“I see.”
As he gave a short response to Shino’s answer, Kazuto looked toward the pouring rain. After several seconds of silence, Shino intentionally broke it as she made a dissatisfied face.
“——Hey, normally at that point, you should be asking if I’m alright, shouldn’t you?”
“Eh, ah, I-I see. ——Erm, then what about Sinon?”
After a rare success at making Kazuto panic, Shino grinned as she embraced the sense of satisfaction.
“I’ve already watched all the collection of old action movies you’ve lent me. The one I like most is probably the guy avoiding handgun bullets by rolling toward cover. If you ever think of going back to GGO, I’ll show it in our next practicing meet.”
“I-Is that so? Then it’s great…… please be gentle……”
To the slightly twisted smiling face of Kazuto, Shino had to suppress her laughter.
The fear of guns that Shino had suffered from for more than five years, even now still can’t considered to have completely vanished yet. Even though she seemed to be enjoying the gun action movies, it would still make her heart jump when she unexpectedly saw the guns in the town corner’s posters, or the toy store’s show window. When she thought about it now, it seemed to be just a normal cautious reaction. Since she couldn’t be certain that she wouldn’t meet a real criminal possessing firearms in the real world some day.
In addition, Shino thought that the disappearance of the intense reactions of denial upon seeing images and photos of guns, such as fainting and vomiting, was already more than enough. She also no longer felt alienated at school. She was now able to eat lunch with several friends. However, it put Shino in a slightly complicated situation as the topic they always talked about concerned the boy sitting in front of her waiting at the school gate to take her on his bike.
As Shino was unawarely thinking about that, Kazuto noticed her mild expression, and nodded,
“Then, everything from the Death Gun incident is already over, right?”
“Yeah…… That’s… right.”
Shino also nodded slightly, before shutting her mouth. There was something, she seemed to recall something from the corner of her mind and tried to pull it out, but before she could do so, the shopkeeper appeared from the kitchen before placing two steamy plates on the table.
The scene of glossy amber colored kidney beans with cube-cut bacon placed in the middle caused an outbreak of hunger from the stomach, which had already digested that day’s lunch. Shino grabbed the spoon as if she was pulled towards it. At that point, she returned to her senses and quickly pulled her hand back before speaking,
“Ah, I-I didn’t order this.”
Then, a faint mischievous expression floated on the rugged face of the big framed master.
“That’s fine, it’s a treat… from Kirito.”
By the time Kazuto who had heard it opened his mouth wide to protest, the shopkeeper had already went back to the counter calmly. As Shino tried to suppress her laughter within her throat, she grabbed the spoon again before slightly waving it at Kazuto.
“Thanks for the treat.”
“……Well, it’s alright. I just finished my part-time job, my wallet is still warm anyway.”
“Heh, you’re taking a part-time job? What kind is it?”
“The one I mentioned earlier about neither eating nor drinking for three days. Well, we can talk about that after clearing today’s main topic. For now let’s eat while it’s still hot.”
Kazuto grabbed the small bottle of mustard and dropped a lot of it at the edge of the plate, before passing it to Shino. She did the same then used the spoon to scoop a heap of beans into her mouth.
A nostalgic and simple western style taste could be felt from the cooked beans, which was fluffy to the core and released a lot of soft sweetness. The thick bacon which had no excessive fat, broke down into pieces on her tongue.
“This is also…… very delicious.”
As she muttered, she looked at Kazuto who was eating greedily before asking,
“He said Boston style right? What kind of seasoning does it use?”
“Hmm…… I forgot its name but, it seems to be a crudely produced syrup. What is it again, Agil?”
The shopkeeper, who went back to polishing the glass, glanced toward them with his face lifted before replying,
“Molasses.”
“Yeah, that’s it.”
“Heh…… of American cuisine, I thought you only knew hamburger and fried chicken.”
The latter part of her words was reduced to a whisper, Kazuto gave a bitter smile,
“That’s prejudice. I have talked to quite a few good guys from over there too.”
“Yeah, definitely. Just the other day, I was deep in talk about sniping with a girl from Seattle over the GGO international server for three hours. Ah―, but…… it’s just him that I can’t understand……”
“Him?”
Kazuto, who had already emptied more than half of his plate, repeated the word while still chewing.
“That’s today’s topic anyway. You knew about last week’s fourth Bullet of Bullets individual final already, right?”
Abbreviated to «BoB», it was the name of the battle royale tournament to decide the strongest in Gun Gale Online, Kazuto immediately nodded.
“Yeah, I watched the broadcast with everyone. Oh, I still haven’t congratulated you yet. ……Well, it might be a regrettable result to Sinon though. Anyway, congratulations for the second place.”
“T……Thank you.”
She wore a serious face while saying that so as to hide her embarrassment, then quickly continued,
“If you’ve already watched the broadcast then it’s quicker. Even though the winner is the player named «Satrizer»…… He, it was his second time being the champion.”
Kazuto who heard that blinked a few times, his consciousness seemed to follow his gaze upward.
“Come to think of it…… In the field of the third BoB I participated, you told me about the US player who only had a knife and a handgun but managed to win the first tournament…… ——Eh, but I’m certain that since the second tournament, the server was divided into US and JP, it was no longer possible to connect from America, isn’t it?”
“It’s supposed to be like that…… Actually, there was no US entry in the second and third tournaments. But this time he somehow managed to avoid the block, or there was a connection to the management team…… Well, either way he was accepted. But you would realize the legend of «Satrizer» just by watching his fights once.”
“Yeah. Even though it was from the broadcast screen, I noticed that Sinon was fired up”
Kazuto grinned as he said that. Shino pouted before replying.
“I-It wasn’t just me. All thirty finalists…… no, since he is not included, all twenty-nine finalists were fired up too. And there were even some among us who had lost to him in the first tournament. Even though America is the home of FPS, but breaking into the battle royale stage of Japanese’s GGO, which is the origin of «The Seed» engine…… but, when the lid is opened……”
“A repetition of the first tournament…… right?”
Shino nodded with her lips protruded and bent into a ヘ shape. The spoon in her right hand carried the last thick cube of bacon into her mouth, savoring the simple yet rich taste of the food had reset her thought, and last week’s memories resurfaced.
“……Even though the result was like that, the topic went circles around his complete victory. Because that guy, at the start, didn’t have any weapon.”
“Eh……bare hands?”
“Yeah. Well, instead of weapons, he had the «Army Combative» skill. He defeated his first target just by grappling, robbed the weapon from his target, then used it on the next target….. he just repeated this. The scene of him using just his bare hands to defeat other players while they were reloading didn’t only occur two or three times. It can be said that…… the battle was in a different dimension……”
Shino muttered while letting off a sigh, Kazuto folded his arms before shaking his head,
“But…… In short, Satrizer’s build was the close combat type, right? If so, he shouldn’t be able to retaliate a mid-ranged or long-ranged attack, should he? Rather, more than half of all GGO players are of those build too……”
“You… you actually saw the scene when I lost to him, didn’t you?”
“Yeah, in ALO. When Satrizer was approaching your hiding place in a straight line and was less than three minutes distance away, everyone was like『Not that way―!』or『Sinon, behind you―!』together.”
“Yeah, that.”
Shino let out a big sigh as the amazing and at the same time disgracing scene revived in her mind, before saying in the calmest tone she could muster.
“I heard from eleven people who had been defeated directly by him after the tournament, almost every one was defeated using the same method. He shouldn’t have had any data about them, yet he was able to clearly read their movements, as he ambushed them at an extremely close range, killing them without giving them any time to use their weapons. I don’t know about America, but far from grappling fights in the JP server, even using knives to fight with is unheard of……”
“……Eh, I heard that after the third tournament, the number of players using light saber had increased though……”
To Kazuto who faintly said so, Shino inadvertently gave a bitter smile.
“That’s…just trying to imitate your showy performance. It’s true that early in this year, there were players practicing to cut bullets with the light saber, but it seemed no one could actually accomplish it.”
——Even though she said that as if it was about other people, Shino herself had purchased a small sized light saber and practiced in secret with the soldier mobs as well. As a result of one month’s struggle, aside from the initial shot from the rapid-fire assault rifle, she still couldn’t reach the level required to defend herself from successive bullets, and without at least defending against all three shot burst, it couldn’t be used in real combat. The dream of reaching Kazuto’s level, who could defend himself from more than ten shots of rapid-fire, remained a dream, and she eventually gave up. The light saber was currently acting as a charm inside her storage.
However, if that time, she took it out of storage and equipped it on her waist, she wondered if she could be able to wound Satrizer at all. Shino immediately shook her head. This isn’t the time for that. Switch thoughts, return to the topic.
“……Anyway, there was not a single JP players who could even aim their rifle at him, let alone shoot him. What was really terrifying about Satrizer wasn’t his close combat technique, but his ability to predict the battle situation.”
“Yeah…… I see…… But, is something like that possible……? It might be possible against beginners, but those participating in BoB’s main battle are veterans, the chance of predicting their actions at a hundred percent shouldn’t even exist……”
To Kazuto’s words, whose expression was still in doubt, Shino shrugged lightly as she replied,
“He defeated more than ten people the same way, so it’s already can’t be considered a fluke. Well…… even though they’re veterans, there might still be patterns in their actions. For this terrain, they should take this position, or using this route for their movement, there might be a hole in those veterans’ theory.”
As she spoke, Shino felt she realized a certain fact too late and gave a small sigh.
At that time, just before the conclusion of the fourth BoB tournament.
Shino, who was the last person left against Satrizer, was at her sniping point with her beloved Hecate II on the top floor of the partially collapsed building. Her prediction was, from the window of that floor she should be able to confirm Satrizer position, as he must cross the road below.
However, the enemy had read her prediction and hid near the sniping point in the same building ahead of her. Waiting until she had set up her rifle on bipod and laid in a prone position…… approaching her from behind, like a cat attacking its prey.
However, Shino didn’t really want to be on the top floor, but a floor below, as its height was still able to provide enough angle to fire. The reason she didn’t do so was because there was a library on the floor below. The reawakened memory of her sole relaxing spot in her middle school self had disturbed her concentration, by the time Shino realized that she was lost in thought for a few seconds, she was already on the top floor. And in the shadow of that floor, was the enemy who was waiting for her with a sneak attack……
In other words, Satrizer could predict Shino wouldn’t be on the floor with the library but would set up her sniping position on the floor above. However, the reason she changed her sniping point wasn’t a rational decision made by a sniper, but an entirely personal reason. Being able to read Sinon the sniper’s actions was one thing, but he shouldn’t be able to see through the real world bookworm Asada Shino. Could it be just a coincidence that Satrizer decided to pick a hiding location on the top floor of the same building? Or had he seen the library and was confident that Shino wouldn’t choose that place for some reason……?
If the latter was the case, he didn’t base his prediction on data or experience. But on something beyond the skill category of VRMMO game players…… which was reading the minds of other people……
“……non. Oi, Sinon.”
With the fingertips of her right hand stretched out and fixed in mid air, Shino winced and lifted her face. As her eyes met Kazuto’s worried face, she quickly said,
“Ah…… S-Sorry. Where were we again?”
“The patterns of veteran players, and the theory.”
“O-Oh. Well…..yeah, for that reason…… I think the player who didn’t use those patterns, whose actions aren’t based on the theory, should be able to take up a position behind Satrizer……”
She said that half automatically, as she finally understood the core of the reason she had called Kazuto out today. She switched her mood, and drank the cold water from her glass, of which the ice had almost completely melted, but the chill sticking to her back didn’t leave so easily.
Yes…… he crept and captured Shino from behind, defeating her in just a few seconds, as Satrizer stopped her from breathing and she was on the verge of losing the last bit of her HP gauge, he whispered in a low voice. Back then, she couldn’t understand the meaning of the almost silent, English whisper, and it now came back to her ears as she thought about it,
『Your soul will be so sweet.』
It has an unusual meaning. In a net game PvP, it would be the speech said at the end of the battle, or just a sharp parting remark said by many players. Just roleplaying, it was just that.
After hearing herself saying so, Shino deliberately reopened the discussion with a cheerful tone.
“……So, talking about a person who defies theory, «No reason-no sense-no care», didn’t a single person’s name floated up? It maybe a little too early, but I’m thinking of reserving a spot in the fifth BoB for that person——“
She then made her right hand into a hand gun shape, and pointed it to Kazuto who sat in front of her.
“Thus, my invitation to you.”
“E……Ehhh, Me?”
As she gave a smile to her companion who was taken aback, she gave her prepared speech at the same time,
“About that, I’m not saying an unreasonable thing like asking you to convert from ALO to GGO again, I’m just certain that you were indebted to me a little. Hey, after that, is the legendary weapon comfortable to use?”
“Uu.”
Kazuto —— Kirito’s golden long sword, «Excaliber» that he possessed in «ALfheim Online» was what Shino had collected just before it would have been lost in a bottomless pit. As she had awarded him the extremely rare item, of which only one existed in the server, she had the right to say something with such self-indulgence. Also, it would be attractive to Kazuto to be able to fight against a strong opponent.
As he didn’t want to betray Shino’s expectations, Kazuto cleared his throat before saying,
“I do have a feeling of wanting to fight that Satrizer too…… But, I think the main reason I, who was a gun novice, stood a chance in the last tournament, was because the other participants were inexperienced with fighting against a sword user. However, after listening to your story so far, Satrizer seems to be a close combat expert in addition to a gun master, doesn’t he? I wonder if I have a chance of winning……”
“What’s with that weak comment, it’s very unlike you. It’s true that he’s strong, but he’s still a VRMMO player, speaking like it’s pro vs amateur is just……”
“Yeah, that.”
Kazuto leaned his back against the old-fashioned wooden chair, his hands behind the back of his head.
“Is Satrizer really an amateur…… really just a VRMMO player?”
“……What do you mean? If he’s not a player then what could he be?”
“A professional. Whose objective is not to play, but to practice in gun fights. Like a soldier…… or a member of the police’s special force.”
“Eh―!? You can’t just say something like that.”
To Shino who gave a bitter smile as she was certain it was a joke, Kazuto kept his serious expression as he continued,
“I read it from news sites so I still don’t know full details…… but, it seems that the army and police of several countries, as well as private defense companies and such have already incorporated FullDive technology into their training. After polishing the skill in the virtual environment, don’t you think it’s possible for the so-called professional to test it by participating in BoB?”
“…………That, can’t be……”
As Shino was about to say Kazuto was reading too much into it, she recalled the sharpness of Satrizer’s supernatural readings and the smoothness of his movements. The way of he fought could be described as a battle machine, thinking about it, it was certainly beyond the level of an amateur gamer.
However, if that man was really a professional soldier or police, would he spit out that speech just before he brought down his target? The soul is sweet, for something like that…… he was a real «Professional» but rather than a soldier, it was an assassin…………
At that point, Shino had to forcibly stop her thoughts. All virtual worlds including GGO existed for enjoyment. It had nothing to do with what kind of a person Satrizer was in the real world. The next time she met him in the battlefield, she would blow him apart using her fifty caliber. As she was satisfied with her decision, she gave a clear call,
“No matter who he is, in GGO our conditions are even! I won’t lose to the same opponent twice, I will absolutely win next time, I’ll use all methods to achieve it!”
“……That «Method» is me, right?”
“One of the methods, to be exact.”
Well? As Kazuto made a face saying so, Shino wore a grinning smile as she gave additional explanation,
“It’ll be anxious for you alone against a close combat expert, so I actually called another person here. But mainly acting as a brake, preventing you from running wild, a controller in a sense.”
“C-Controller?”
Kazuto, who repeated the word, seemed to be able to sense something from it, Gatan, his chair made a sound as he corrected his posture. He took out a thin mobile terminal from his pocket, ran his finger on its screen. He then lifted his face and said to Shino with a bitter smile,
“I see.”
“……What do you see?”
This time Shino tilted her head. Kazuto then placed the terminal on the table, and slid it slightly toward Shino. Looking into the high-precision four inch monitor, she saw the map of the Okachimachi neighborhood with this coffee shop in the center. There was a blue light dot blinking along the route from the station to the shop.
“What is this light dot?”
“The person Sinon is waiting for is coming. About a hundred meters more.”
It was just as Kazuto said, the light dot was moving toward this shop. Crossing the intersection, entering the alley, arriving at the center of the map, and at that moment,
Kararan, the doorbell rang, Shino lifted up her face. The person who had entered the shop folded the umbrella, her long chestnut hair swung around as she turned toward Shino. From there, a bright smile floated as if the rainy season had ended a little early.
“Yaho―, Sinonon!”

Part 2[edit]
To the nickname she hadn’t been called by for more than five years, Shino inadvertently stood up as she gave a broad smile.
“Asuna, hello.”
Yuuki Asuna made a lively sound from the natural wood floorboards as she walked along, the two girls then joined their fingertips to each other in a pleasant reunion. As they sat down on the chairs side by side, Kazuto, who had a slight expression of amazement asked,
“You two…… when did you become this close?”
“Huh? Last month I even spent a night over at Asuna’s.”
“W-What!? And I haven’t even been to her house yet.”
“Wasn’t Kirito-kun the one who said ‘I need to be mentally prepared’ and escaped?”
As Asuna gave a little scowl, Kazuto sipped from his Caffè Shakerato in an embarrassed manner. To that state, Asuna couldn’t help but smile as she thought ‘It can’t be helped’ then she noticed Agil, who offered her some cold water and a towel, so she stood, getting off the chair before giving a bow.
“Excuse me for my long silence, Agil-san.”
“Welcome. ——This really reminds me of the time when you two were lodging at the second floor of my shop.”
“Even though you’re saying so, but we’re still freeloading at your shop in Yggdrasil City at the moment…… Hmm, what should I order today……”
As Asuna, who seemed to be an old friend of the giant shopkeeper, viewed the cork-bound menu, Shino took another peek at Kazuto’s mobile terminal placed on the table. The blue blip stood still on the spot, perfectly overlapping the location of the coffee shop.
“……Then, I’ll get ginger ale please. The spicy one.”
After Asuna finished ordering and Agil had returned to the counter, Shino said while grinning,
“Hey, are you two monitoring each other’s GPS coordinates? It seems you’re getting along very well.”
Kazuto then gave a serious look as he waved his right hand while saying ‘No no no.’
“It may seem to display the exact coordinates of Asuna’s terminal, and also seem to not require any operations from Asuna, but mine isn’t that simple. Asuna, show it to her.”
“OK.”
Asuna nodded and brought out her mobile terminal from the bag hung on the back of the chair, before forwarding it in its standby screen to Shino. As she received it and took a look, the monitor was set up with a cute animated wallpaper.
At the center of the screen was a pink heart tied in a red ribbon, which was throbbing at an interval about one second long. Beneath the heart were two lines of several figures, whose meaning Shino didn’t understand. A [63] figure on the left side was displayed in a big font, and a smaller [36.2] was on the right side. As Shino tilted her head, the left figure ascended to 64.
“What is……”
As Shino was about to ask ‘What is this,’ Kazuto seemed embarrassed and saying ‘Don’t stare like that.’ At that point, Shino finally realized the meaning of this standby screen.
“Ehh…… this… could it be… the heart rate and temperature of Kirito?”
“That’s correct― As expected from Sinonon, you have good intuition.”
Asuna said as she clapped her hands. After Shino rotated her gaze between the mobile terminal and Kazuto’s face several times, she asked the first question floating in her mind,
“B-But…… what kind of mechanism……?”
“It’s here under my skin……”
Kazuto poked at almost the middle of his chest with his right thumb. He then extended his hand toward Shino, and made a crack of about five millimeters using two fingers.
“It is a very small implanted sensor. It monitors the heart rate and temperature, and sends the data to my mobile terminal via radio. From that, the almost real time information is then passed to Asuna’s terminal through the network.”
“Ehhh? Vitality sensor?”
This time Shino was greatly surprised, as she became speechless for about two seconds before beginning to speak,
“W-Why are you doing something like that…… Ah, could it possibly be a cheating prevention system?”
“N-No no!”
“No―!”
Kazuto and Asuna’s actions were in perfect synchrony as they shook their heads repeatedly.
“No, it was when I started this part-time job, they recommended me to implant it, as it was terrible needing to stick electrodes in every day. After I told Asuna about it, she strongly urged me to get the vital data. She then forced me to set up an application, and installed it on her terminal.”
“That’s because― I don’t want some unknown company to monopolize Kirito-kun’s health data. I was against embedding something strange into his body in the first place.”
“Eh, don’t you seem happy whenever you look at the monitor every time you are free, so who are you to say that?”
To Kazuto word’s, Asuna’s cheeks became faintly red.
“I felt somewhat calm when looking at it. Thinking that Kirito-kun’s heart is beating, it is as if we’re on a trip together……”
“Uwa, Asuna, that sounds dangerous somehow.”
While Shino laughed, she glanced down at the terminal in her palm again. The pulse rate had already sped up to 67, while the temperature had also rose slightly. Even though Kazuto made a poker face as he greedily drank the water, the data showed that he was actually very embarrassed.
“Hahah, I see…… That’s right…… somehow…… it’s nice……”
When she realized what she had carelessly muttered, Shino quickly lifted her face, and shook her head at Kazuto and Asuna who were blinking in surprise.
“Ah, no… that… there’s nothing behind it, really. Well…… G-GGO also has a heart beat sensor, it was a supplement in the battle situation with bad visibility, it has no girly implications like this, that was what I had just thought.”
As she quickly returned the terminal to Asuna’s hand, she continued speaking,
“O-Oh, I almost forgot today’s main topic. Hmm, I asked Asuna through mail about the fifth tournament in GGO, could you participate? Since it involves character converting, I don’t want to forcibly ask you for the favor.”
“Ah, about that, it’s no problem. I have a sub-account in ALO so the house and items can be left to that account to maintain.”
Asuna’s cheerful smile and tender tone returned Shino to her calm self, she took a deep breath before speaking,
“Thank you, with Asuna’s help, it’ll be like giving an iron club to an ogre, or mounting a machine gun in a bunker. I think you will need a few days practicing with a photon sword to grasp the timing though.”
“Yeah, I’ll convert about one month before the tournament, I’ll need you to guide me through the city then.”
“Of course. The food in GGO also can’t be neglected. Then…… it may be a little early, but I’ll be in your care.”
Shino’s outstretched right hand was wrapped by Asuna’s supple fingers. After gripping each other’s hands tightly, Shino hit the surface of the table with her hand once.
“So, the main topic is now concluded. Let’s see, next is……”
She said as she stared at Kazuto’s face, as he chewed on the remaining ice from the opposite side.
“Should we hear it carefully now? About your suspicious part-time job. What kind is it? But even if we ask, knowing Kirito, it would probably be alpha testing some new VRMMO game.”
Shino put forward the question she had held for more than thirty minutes as her gaze was fixed on his face.
“Well, it isn’t a hit, but it’s also not too far off the mark.”
Kazuto nodded as he gave a bitter smile, then traced the micro sensor embedded at his heart’s upper section with his fingertip.
“The test player part is correct. What I’m testing isn’t a game application however, but a new BMIBrain Machine Interface of the FullDive system.”
“Heh!”
Shino was surprised, while her eyes remained on Kazuto.
“That means, the next generation of AmuSphere will finally come out soon? Could it be, a tester for Asuna’s father company?”
“Nope, it isn’t related to Recto. How should I put it…… somehow I still don’t really understand the whole picture about that company…… It is a venture company whose name I’ve never heard of before, and it has quite a lot of funds to pour into the development’s expenses. There might be a large organisation backing them with funding……”
As Kazuto’s expression remained vague, Shino tilted her head to the right and asked,
“Heh…… What is the name of the company?”
“«RATH»”
“It may sound ordinary, but I also never heard about it before. Hmm, is there an English word for that……?”
“I thought of the same thing too, Asuna knows it though.”
Sitting beside Shino, Asuna drank her ginger ale before nodding and answered,
“In『Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There』there is a verse in『Jabberwocky』mentioning the creature that comes out in the dream. It seemed to be explained as a pig or a turtle.”
“Hehhh……”
Even though it was a book she had read long ago, she didn’t remember such a word at all. Shino imagined a strange creature with the head of a pig protruding out of a rounded shell, as she continued asking,
“RATH…… Then, they are independently developing the next generation of FullDive machines to sell? But wasn’t AmuSphere co-developed by several companies?”
“No, I don’t think so……”
Kazuto muttered in an unchanged, uncertain tone.
“The main machine is very large. Adding the console and the cooling equipment together, it could easily fill up this entire room…… Although the experimental first generation of the FullDive machine was that large, from there on, the size of the Nerve Gear has remained the same for five years. And the AmuSphere 2 (provisional) which is lead-developed by Recto will be on sale next year too…… oops, that is supposed to be confidential.”
As Kazuto shrugged, Asuna gave a little smile before saying,
“It’s fine, as they will announce it at the Tokyo Game Show next month anyway.”
“Ah, so Recto will participate too. ……I hope it won’t be too expensive……”
Asuna looked at Shino, who made upturned eyes, the daughter of the company president then made the same serious look and nodded deeply.
“I hope so too― But for now the price has yet to be decided…… Well, even though I’m already satisfied with ALO and don’t really plan on buying a new device, they said it’ll have a much higher rendering speed. And it’ll be backward compatible with the software too.”
“Is that so. Kuu―, should I find a part-time job too……”
Pushing aside the data in her account book which had surfaced in her mind, Shino continued to ask Kazuto another question,
“……Well, so that RATH company’s huge FullDive machine isn’t intended for home use? Is it for business use?”
“No, I don’t think it’s at that stage yet. Firstly, strictly speaking, it actually uses a different FullDive technique.”
“Different……? Isn’t it about creating a VR world using polygons, in which a user can Dive into it? What did you feel inside that world?”
“I don’t know.”
Kazuto shrugged, then said something unexpected in a casual tone,
“Due to the security protection, the memories of the world made by that machine can’t be brought out to the real world. Everything I saw or did during the test, I currently have no memory about any of it.”
“H……Hah!?”
Shino unintentionally yelled in a loud voice, then lowered her voice before asking,
“Can’t bring out…… memories? Something like that… how is it possible? Could it possibly be that you get hypnotized after you have finished testing?”
“No no, it uses a purely electronic mechanism. No…… it could be called quantum……”
Kazuto who had cut off his words then took a glance at the mobile terminal placed on the table.
“Half past four, huh. Sinon and Asuna, do you still have time?”
“Yes.”
“No problem for me too.”
As the two nodded at the same time, Kazuto leaned his back against the back of the antique wooden chair——
“Well then, let me start explaining from the foundation. The question of…… «Soul Translation» technology.”
Kazuto said another unfamiliar word slowly.
Somehow, it sounds like the name of an in-game spell Shino thought. She felt discomfort at the words related to the latest technology. Asuna next to her tilted her head slightly as she muttered,
“Soul……?”
“The first time I heard it, I had thought that it was a somewhat exaggerated name too.”
Kazuto lightly shrugged before throwing a sudden question,
“The human mind, where do you think it is?”
“Mind?”
Shino was about to touch the middle of her chest by reflex, she then cleared her throat as she answered,
“In the head…… the brain, right?”
“Then let’s magnify the brain, where should the mind be now?”
“Where……”
“The brain, or in other words, the lump of brain cells. See this……”
Kazuto extended his left hand with fingers tightly stretched out toward Shino. He then poked the middle of her palm with his right index finger, before tracing it around the entire palm.
“At the center is the nucleus, and wrapped around it is the cell’s body……”
After hitting each of the five fingers, he drew the line from his wrist to his elbow.
“These are dendrites, which meet the axons, connecting this cell to the next. Where does the mind exist within this structure of a brain cell? The nucleus? The mitochondria?”
“Hmm……”
Asuna replied in place of Shino, who was mumbling,
“Kirito-kun, even though you said «connecting this cell to the next» just now, isn’t the mind a network connecting many brain cells together? Just like…… the question about «What is the internet», the answer won’t come out from paying attention to an individual computer.”
“Yeah.”
As they seemed to get the idea, Kazuto nodded deeply.
“The brain cells network is certainly the mind, I also think that is the correct answer under this current situation. But…… for example, this question «What is the internet», if investigated thoroughly, various answers could be obtained. Such as, the internet is the structure in which the computers around the world are connected to each other based on a common protocol——“
He then pointed at Asuna’s and his mobile terminals lined up on the table in turn.
“Similarly, every single computer is a component of the internet. In addition, it could be said that the users in front of the computers are also a part of the internet as well.”
At this point Kazuto took a break, after saying “Give me a bit,” and took a sip from Asuna’s ginger ale, he closed his eyes.
“Oo…… like always, the spicy taste here is really hot.”
“It’s completely different from buying it off a convenient store, right? Even though it seems to be based on a cocktail, I like the strong taste of ginger.”
Shino recalled the taste of the spicy ginger ale from half a year ago, the first time she ordered due to Kazuto’s lead. Without meeting him in GGO, she would never have set foot in this shop, which looked unfriendly from the outside, and the development of everything since then could be considered a miracle…… As she embraced that deep motion within her heart, Shino continued the topic,
“Then…… how does the human mind and the internet relate?”
After returning the glass to Asuna, Kazuto nodded once before using his hands to make a shape.
“Well ——Hmm, if the connections between a server and a router, the PCs and mobiles which look like a mesh is the «shape» of the internet…”
“Shape……”
“Then, what is its «essence»?”
Shino thought briefly before opening her mouth,
“In short, it’s what flows in that shape…… in the network structure……? The electrical signals…..?”
“That may be so, since electrical or light signals are persistent media. The essence of the network is how they go along that structure and communicate the information…… Let’s temporarily take an explanation here.”
After he finished the gesture he made using both hands up until this point, Kazuto placed his hands on the table and joined his slim fingers together.
“Here, as I said earlier, the network of the hundreds of billion brain cells connecting together…… Now looking at the shape of the mind, what is the essence of the mind?”
“The media…… in other words, the flowing of electrical pulse along brain cells…… is the information?”
“Nope, the electrical pulse is, like this……”
Kazuto brought his right fist approached his spreading left palm.
“The synapse at the gap between neuron and neuron, is the sole transmitter of the substance. For the propagation along the brain cells route, could that phenomenon be called the essence of the mind?”
“Hmm……”
At the same time Shino frowned, Asuna smiled in a confused manner as she said,
“More than this is already impossible, Kirito-kun~ Because until now, science is still unable to find the answer of ‘what is the mind’ right?
“Well, that may be true.”
Kazuto eventually smiled as he nodded.
“H-Hah!? Wait, the idea up to this point still can’t solve anything, can it?”
As Shino became furious and protested, Kazuto took a chance to glance at the damp street, before continuing to speak in a serious tone,
“But, there are humans who approach the answer with their own theory.”
“Their own…… theory?”
“«Quantum brain dynamics». It seems to have been proposed at the end of last century by an English scholar. After tackling the underlying theory for a long time, «RATH» has finally managed to create that machine which looks like a monster…… ——From this point on, I still can’t fully understand it yet. Just a moment ago, we talked about the structure of a brain cell.”
Shino and Asuna nodded at the same time.
“The cell itself also has a frame to support its structure. It seems to be called «Microtubules». That framework doesn’t just support, but acts like a skull too. The brain within the brain cell.”
“H-Hah……?”
“That skull has the shape of a tube, in other words, a hollow pipe. Of course it’s very tiny…… we’re talking about a diameter in nanometers, but it isn’t empty. There is something contained within the tube.”
Shino inadvertently exchanged glances with Asuna, before looking at Kazuto and asking in a low voice,
“What is inside……?”
“Light.”
Kazuto gave a short answer.
“A light particle…… or «Evanescent Photon» is what it’s called. This photon is, in other words, quantum. That existence is like indeterminism, it is endlessly fluctuating according to the probability theory. The fluctuations…… that is what the human mind is, according to the theory.
Right when she heard those words, Shino could feel a shudder running about from her spine to both her arms for some reason. The mind and fluctuating light. That mysterious yet beautiful image welled up within her and at the same time, the thought Isn’t that already the god’s domain? appeared in her mind.
Asuna was also embraced by the same deep emotion, her brown pupils were blurred with an anxious light as she spoke in a slightly hoarse voice,
“Kirito-kun, the name of the new machine is…… «Soul Translator», right? Soul…… in other words, the collection of those lights is a human’s soul?”
“RATH engineers call it «Quantum Field». But, by giving the machine such a name, they must have thought about it already…… That quantum field, and the human’s soul.”
“But then, what does it mean? Soul Translator is the machine that doesn’t access the human brain, but the soul itself……?”
“When said like that, it doesn’t sound like a machine anymore, but a magic item in a game instead, huh.”
What he said had softened the atmosphere slightly, and Kazuto then continued speaking as he grinned,
“But, it isn’t an act of magic or god’s miracle. Let’s plunge into the explanation of its structure for a bit…… What it does is recording the spin and vector of each photon inside the microtubule, the «Qubit» unit data. In other words, the brain cell isn’t just a single gate switch to let electrical signals passing through, but it could be said that the cell itself is a unit of a quantum computer…… well, this part is already at the limit of my understanding though……”
“It’s alright, I have already passed that limit a long time ago.”
“Me too……”
Shino and Asuna surrendered together before Kazuto exhaled his breath in relief.
“The collection of photons which is the memory of that computer, perhaps, it might even be the human’s soul…… RATH has given it an original name. «Fluctuating Light», which they abbreviated to——“
He paused slightly,

“«Fluctlight»”

“…………Fluct…light.”
Shino softly repeated the coined term with a mysterious sound. If what they had been talking until this point was all true, then the Fluctlight also existed in her own head too. No, by saying so, what she thought was «her» was……


The shudder from earlier returned to Shino, she rubbed her arms which extended out of the sleeves of her summer uniform. Next to her, Asuna also made a movement which looked like she embraced herself, while she spoke in a small voice,
“——Reading the Fluctlight…… No, the machine which «Translates» it, is what Soul Translator does. In that case…… the translation isn’t just one way, right?”
Shino tilted her head as she couldn’t understand the meaning of her words right away, at the same time, Asuna glanced at her, with pupils that were filled with the color of anxiety.
“Sinonon, think about it…… The AmuSphere we’re using isn’t just reading the movement commands sent to our body. It feeds the sight and hearing…… the five sensory signals into our brain, creating the experience of the virtual world. It’s the core of the FullDive technology used in that machine, right? Then, the Soul Translator which could do the same thing should be the next generation machine, isn’t it?
“……In other words…… it could write something into the soul of the person connected to it……?
At that point, both of them turned their gazes at Kazuto.
Although the black haired boy seemed to have hesitated a little, He nodded in agreement before long.
“Yeah…… Soul Translator, it’s too long, so RATH shortened it to «STL», that translation machine is bidirectional. In the hundreds billion qubit data holding a human’s Fluctlight, it translates and reads the words we understand, and at the same time, it translates and writes the information into a form we can read too. If it’s not the case, it’d be just as Asuna said, it won’t be possible to Dive into the virtual world. In short, it maintains and disposes the Fluctlight’s five sensory information, and fills in the information about what being seen, or the sound being heard.”
Then, Asuna leaned forward and asked what seemed to be her main question,
“Could it possibly be that…… could affect memory in the soul? Kirito-kun, you said just now that you don’t retain any memories during the Dive. This means Soul Translator…… STL could erase or overwrite your memory, doesn’t it?”
“No……”
Kazuto touched Asuna’s left hand briefly to relieve her as he shook his head.
“The part that maintains the long-term memory data is very large and the archival method is very complex, at the current state it could be said that it’s still out of reach. The reason that I don’t have any memory of the Dive is merely because it seemed to be intercepted along the route to that part. In other words, it isn’t completely erasing memory, it’s just I can’t get to remember it…… just like that.”
“But, I’m……scared, Kirito-kun. Something like manipulating memories……”
An anxious expression still remained on Asuna’s face.
“Besides, the person who brought that part-time job to you is Chrysheight…… no, Kikuoka-san of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, isn’t he? While I think he isn’t a bad person, I feel I can’t see even the tiny bit at the bottom of his heart. It’s somewhat similar to the Guild Leader. Somehow…… I feel like something bad is going to happen again……”
“……It’s true that he never shows what he’s thinking. And I also don’t know his real social status nor professional duty, along with various things. But……”
As he cut off his words, Kazuto’s pupils seemed not to focus at any place in the shop as he spoke,
“On the first day of the debut of business-use first generation FullDive machine at the Shinjuku amusement part, I rode the first train to line up. At that time I was still in elementary school…… ‘This is it,’ that was what I thought. ‘This is the world that was calling me for a long time.’ On the first release day of Nerve Gear, I also bought it with the money I had been saving up…… and kept diving into various games. At that time, I really didn’t care about the real world. Eventually I was selected for SAO’s beta test, and that incident unfolded…… terrible numbers of people had died. After two years of being captive and returning, Sugou and Death Gun incidents continued occurring one after another. I…… want to know. About where the FullDive technology is heading…… About the meaning behind those incidents…… For the Soul Translator, although its functionality is entirely new, its architecture uses the medical-use Medicuboid as a prototype.”
While Asuna, with her head held low, was listening to Kazuto’s words, her shoulders trembled. Shortly after that, her steady voice flew through the quiet shop’s interior,
“It’s my premonition. About what is inside the Soul Translator. What if it doesn’t end up as being a mere amusement machine…… Probably, there might be a dangerous side too. But……”
Kazuto imitated the motion of gripping his sword and swung it down as he spoke,
“Until now, no matter what world it was, I was always able to come back. This time too, I’ll surely come back. Well….. in the real world I’m just a weak and powerless gamer though.”
“……Even though without my backup, your back is wide open.”
Asuna gave a light smile while exhaling a short breath, then looked at the face of Shino who was sitting beside her.
“Really, this man has so much self-confidence.”
“Yeah, well, after all he’s the legendary Hero-sama anyway―”
From the conversation between Asuna and Kazuto, which she could understood at once, even though it had words she heard for the first time, Shino didn’t try to interfere too much and instead spoke in a joking tone,
“I already read『All Records of SAO Incident』which came out last month―, it’s quite hard to believe this guy is the same『Black Swordsman』who appeared in that book.”
“H-hey, stop it……”
Asuna giggled at the action of Kazuto who waved his hands while bent backward, as she said “Yeah, really,” while nodding.
“Written in that book, it was said this leader had a big influence among the capturing guilds, even though the record itself is fairly accurate, a great amount of bias was added into the character description. Like when Kirito fought against the orange players……”
“『When I unsheathe the second sword, no one is allowed to stand before me!』”
“Kyahahaha,” the two girls burst out into a grand laughter as Kazuto sat dejectedly on his chair with a blank expression. As Asuna felt relief and finally returned to her smiling face, Shino continued delivering the final blow,
“That book is also translated and is published in America. It means this Hero-sama is a world ranker now.”
“……After I went through great lengths to forget it…… And I already agreed to forward the royalties too.”
Shino was still smiling as Kazuto grumbled, she then recalled the question she had for a while and continued the topic,
“But, Kirito. After all, that STL does the same thing as AmuSphere, doesn’t it? Creating a VR world using polygons, then sending the image and sound into the connecting person’s brain, is there any point in spending large amounts of expenses on that machine?”
“Oo, that’s a good question.”
Kazuto straightened himself before giving a nod.
“What Sinon said just now,『Creating the VR world using polygons.』Polygons are, in other words, a collection of coordinates and surfaces…… the digital data. The current highly detailed modeling had reached the point where the trees or furniture is hard to distinguish from the real thing, but its essence is still the same.”
He then quickly operated the mobile terminal placed on the table, and started up a pre-installed mini-game. The futuristic race car which was slowly rotating on the demo screen had a sweet interior, the curved surface of its body also didn’t look awkward at all, it was indeed, a figure of a polygon model.
Shino lifted her face and slightly tilted her head.
“That’s, well…… in ALO or GGO, when too many players gather at the same place, the rendering of the objects sometimes can’t keep up. But aren’t the fundamental basis of AmuSphere and STL the same thing? To create the 3D model of something which practically doesn’t exist from nothing, for a user to both see and touch.”
“Yeah, that’s the point. Hmm…… how should I explain it……”
Kazuto was silent for a moment before lifting up the empty glass of Caffè Shakerato and showing it to Shino.
“Sinon, this glass exists in reality, right?”
“…………Yeah.”
While having a dubious expression, she gave a nod. Kazuto then brought the glass closer to her and said something difficult to understand,
“Now listen, this glass currently is in my hand, and at the same time it exists in Sinon’s consciousness…… or Sinon’s «Fluctlight» in RATH’s term. To be more accurate, the light which reflected off the glass is perceived in Sinon’s eyes, the electrical signal from her retina is changed into the glass object in the consciousness. Next, when I do this……”
Suddenly his left hand extended to completely block Shino’s eyes. She reflexly closed her eyelids, rendering her vision in dark grey with a faint tint of red.
“How is it, did the glass inside your consciousness suddenly disappear?”
As she didn’t know what Kazuto meant, Shino answered honestly immediately,
“……Really, I wouldn’t forget it that soon. From seeing it, I could remember its color and shape, it’s natural anyway. Ah…… but it progressively becomes vague though……”
“Yeah, that.”
After he drew his hand back, Shino opened her eyelids, and gave a light frown at Kazuto.
“Just what is ‘that’?”
“Listen…… at the time we see this glass or table or face of each other, the recreated record data is maintained in the sight processing section of Fluctlight. Even shutting the eyelids, it won’t disappear right away, it isn’t just a mere shadowgraph. Or else, the moment the glass can’t be seen, it’d fade out of Sinon’s memory……”
Kazuto then hid the glass in his right hand under the table.
“The moment Sinon sees the glass, the same data of its form is input into the sight perception section of Fluctlight. It allows Sinon to continue seeing the glass which is now no longer on the table. At a precision far beyond that of the polygons…… Or it could be said that it’s exactly the same as the real thing.”
“…………It may be so in the theory…… But, it’s dealing with the retention of human’s consciousness, or in the other words, «Memory» isn’t it? The outside manipulating the memory without hypnotism, how it could be done……?”
Shino closed her mouth after speaking to this point.
Just a while earlier —— hadn’t Kazuto talked about the machine with that exact possibility? as she thought, Asuna, who had been listening quietly until this point, whispered in a low voice in place of Shino,
“The AmuSphere allows a user’s brain to see the polygon data…… While the STL writes it into the human’s consciousness… the short-term memory…… In short…… it’s not an artificial thing. The things in the world created by STL, sight, inquiries, touch…… are the same level as the real things in our consciousness, is that so……?”
Kazuto nodded and spoke as he placed the glass back up on the table.
“Optical memory information…… or «Mnemonic Visual Data» as RATH formally calls it. To me, as I still have the memory of the very first test Dive…… it was different. Completely different from the VR world created by AmuSphere. It was merely an empty space about the size of a narrow room, but I……”
He cut his words for a moment, a smile that seemed to be forced then floated to one side of his cheek, as Kazuto continued,
“……At first, I didn’t know that was the virtual world.”

Part 3[edit]
The virtual world, which is indistinguishable from the reality.
There was a lot of fiction from the last century which dealt with this theme. Shino could also recall at least five titles of novels or movies with this theme right away.
In an era where the implementation of FullDive technology was used in consumer devices such as the Nerve Gear and AmuSphere, we finally came to a point to doubt: «is this reality really the reality?» —— and as we could read something like that from articles or blogs all over the place, Shino had also felt anxious before her very first FullDive.
However, when the lid had actually opened, could it be relief or disappointment that such worry was unnecessary? The world which was created by AmuSphere was without a doubt, a miracle given birth by cutting edge technology. The virtual world which was perceived by the five senses was brilliantly beautiful —— but that was why it was noticeably different from the real world. The scenes she saw, the sounds she heard, the things she touched, everything was too pure, or in other words, was too simple. The air had no dust, the garments didn’t wrinkle, and the tables couldn’t be broken. The 3D objects which were created from digital codes were restricted by the manpower needed to design them, and the CPU’s power to display them. Of course she couldn’t know how this would change in the future, but at least with the current technology of 2026, creating a virtual world which was indistinguishable from reality was impossible——……
And that, was what Shino had thought. Until today, before she had heard Kirigaya Kazuto’s story.

“……That means, Kirito. You… perhaps even now…… are still inside the STL… that machine? The «Recollections» of Asuna and me you injected into it.”
As to avoid the sudden shivering, before Kazuto could reply, Shino grinned as she spoke. Naturally, “But that’s ridiculous anyway,” she laughed it off as she thought so, but her companion frowned as he fixed his gaze on her.
“Wai……S-Stop it. I’m the real one.”
As she hurriedly waved her hands, Kazuto remained in doubt as he spoke,
“If you’re the real Sinon…… then you must remember what you promised me yesterday.”
“P-Promised?”
“To thank me for calling me out today, you will treat me to as many of the most expensive dessert here, the «Dicey Cheesecake» as I want.”
“E……Ehh!? I never promised such a thing! Ah, b-but I’m not an imposter, I’m the real one, right, Asuna?”
Looking beside her, Asuna who tightly grasped her hands whispered,
“Sinonon…… did you already forget? You promised to treat me to an all I can eat «Berry & Cherry Tart»……”
“Ehhhh!?”
Am I actually in the virtual world and operating this memory from there……? As she thought this, both Kazuto’s and Asuna’s cheeks trembled, and soon after that they let out slight laughter. At that point, she finally realized that her plan to tease Kazuto had backfired.
“N……Now you’ve done it, Asuna! Next time, in ALO, prepare to eat a hundred homing arrows!”
“Ahaha, sorry sorry, forgive me Sinonon!”
Asuna smiled as she tightly embraced Shino. While feeling the stiffness in her chest melted away by Asuna’s action, innocent and overflowing with friendship, she turned her pouting face away. But her mouth immediately opened and let out a laugher alongside the other two.
As if to follow through the eased up atmosphere, Kazuto said in a slow tone,
“Be it the Fluctlight or the Mnemonic Visual, just hearing the term alone would make you feel that it’s questionable technology…… But, the virtual world created by STL is in fact, far better than the one from AmuSphere which we are familiar with. Ultimately, it might be what we call a «Real Dream»……”
“D-Dream……?”
Shino blinked after hearing those surprising words, the Spriggan swordsman, who had an aura that caused the people surrounding him to become drowsy in ALO, nodded with a serious face.
“Yes. Creating the world by gathering the objects maintained in the memories together, that action…… isn’t it almost like how dreams work? Actually, the brain waves of a human Diving in STL is fairly close to the pattern which occurs during sleep.”
“Then, it means you’re doing the part-time job within the dream? Earning just by sleeping through the period of three days?”
“T-That’s what I told you in the beginning, didn’t I? Sleeping throughout, without eating nor drinking. But of course, I got nutrition and water through an intravenous drip.”
Now that he mentioned it, he really did say that right after he came into the shop. But I certainly didn’t expect him to actually work by watching a long dream while lying on a gel bed. As Shino glanced upward, she muttered along with a sigh,
“Three days of continuous dreaming, huh…… If I could dream that long, there are many things I could do. Like not waking up just before eating a cake.”
“That’s too bad, as you won’t remember what you ate during the dream anyway. Well, talking about having an all-you-can-eat cake every day……”
After talking jokingly until this point, Kazuto cut off his words in the middle. The small eyebrows Shino saw under his slightly long forelock frowned.
“……What’s the matter, Kirito-kun?”
He didn’t immediately answer Asuna’s question, while his hand made a motion as if it was putting something into his mouth.
“…………Cake…… no, not it…… It’s harder…… salty…… but, delicious, what is……”
“Y-You remembered? Is it something you ate in the virtual world?”
“…………Nope, I can’t remember. But I have a hunch that it didn’t taste like anything in reality…………”
Kazuto continued frowning for several seconds longer, before finally giving up as he let out a sigh. Shino, who was silent up until this point, asked a question she was no longer able to hold in her mind,
“Hey Kirito, is something like that possible? To eat something in STL which doesn’t exist in reality? As the virtual world created by STL is a collection of parts based on the memories of a Diver, then isn’t it natural that the person can’t see what he has never seen, and can’t eat what he has never eaten?”
“Ah…… that’s true. It’s just as Sinonon said…… In that case, the virtual world from STL should have a very limited degree of freedom, shouldn’t it? It can’t create a world which is completely different from reality, like Aincrad or Alfheim.”
Kazuto nodded slowly at what Asuna pointed out, before smiling as if to shake off his earlier irritation.
“You two are pretty sharp, that is a good point. When I heard about the Mnemonic Visual, at first I didn’t realize that limitation. I’ll remember to ask the staff at RATH before going into the next long Diving experiment, but as it involves the core of STL technology, I don’t think they will agree to answer…… But, there is one thing…… in the explanation about the virtual world which comprises of memories, the staff never mentioned that those memories are from the Diver.”
“Eh….. then how did they……”
As Shino couldn’t grasp the meaning right away, Asuna, who was next to her, inhaled slightly.
“Could it be…… other people’s memories? No…… could it possibly be that the memories did not belong to anyone but were created from zero……?”
Upon hearing the words which were almost like a whisper, Shino finally realized it.
What if the optic memory information…… the Mnemonic Visual of humans have a common structure? And the analysis of that structure is already complete……? It could be possible in theory to create a real «Dream» which is full of things one has never seen, food one has never tasted, scenes one has never imagined.
Then, the words which supported her thoughts coincidentally spilled out of Kazuto’s mouth,
“……I had been doing this part-time job with RATH for two months now…… During the first test Dive, there was no memory restriction yet, so I still remember the VR world back then. One of them was just a wide room with plenty of cats, which probably numbered in the hundreds.”
“……Plenty……”
Shino’s mouth slacked as she imagined the cat heaven, before quickly brushing it off. As he looked straight ahead, Kazuto said with an expression as if he was searching his memories.
“……What I could recall about that room, was that it was full of breeds of cats I didn’t know. And it wasn’t just that…… there were some which grew wings and were flying, some which curled themselves up and bounced around. Something like that can’t possibly be from my memories.”
“……And at the same time, it can’t be from another person’s memories either, right? Since a cat with wings doesn’t exist in reality anyway.”
Was what Asuna said, before she continued,
“Those flying cats which the staff there made Kirito-kun see…… must be something the STL system created from zero, right?”
“The latter part is great. If that’s possible, then it’s not just an individual object, but it could be possible to ultimately create an entire world.”
Kazuto’s words made all three remain silent for a short moment.
Producing a virtual world without human involvement——
This idea caused Shino chest to throb. As Shino recalled that she had recently become increasingly uncomfortable with the «Egocentric designed» VRMMO worlds such as GGO and ALO.
The existing VR game worlds were completely assembled by the designers of the companies developing those games. Even though the buildings or trees or rivers existed in a nonchalant manner, they were actually objects placed on the terrain based on someone’s preference.
During game play, whenever she thought about this, something always rose within Shino’s chest. After all, she too, was merely an existence running around the developer’s palm, the so-called God, and this thought remained in her mind whether she liked it or not.
As Shino didn’t originally start playing Gun Gale Online for fun, now that she had overcome the curse from her past, she started to think about the meaning of her experience within virtual space in reality. She didn’t seem to sympathize with someone from her squadron who carried a model gun in real life while wearing a cloth decorated with matching insignia. She believed that the fortitude and self control attached to the in-game Sinon would slowly strengthen Asada Shino in the real world as well, but at the same time, she wondered if it was worth continuing spending that amount of time and money on Diving into the virtual world.
Shino thought that there must be a reason that her intensely shy self had met and became good friends with Asuna for several months now. This girl, who always gave off a gentle smile, must surely have had the same self values as Shino. Playing VRMMO games not to escape, but to obtain the experience and bonds from the virtual world to nourish her reality’s self, Asuna was surely that kind of person. Of course, that also applied to Kazuto.
Because of that, Shino didn’t want to think that the VR world was just a fake, that everything inside was just imaginary. She didn’t want to think about the fact that the VR world couldn’t exist without the developer.
Last month, on the night she had spent over at Asuna’s house, in the room after the lights had been turned off, she had expressed the weakness she had hid. Then, Asuna who was lying on the bed beside her had thought for a moment, before speaking,
『Sinonon, isn’t that the same as the real world? Even now, the surroundings granted to us, be it houses, or towns, or the status of being a student in society, everything is someone’s design, isn’t it……? Perhaps, being strong, is about advancing along this, don’t you think?』
After taking a brief pause, Asuna continued with a laughing voice,
『But, I just want to see it once, a VR world which isn’t designed by anyone. Perhaps if that became reality, it may be, in a sense, the «Real World», even more real than this real world……』

“Real… World……”
As Shino unconsciously murmured, Asuna, who was apparently thinking the same thing, nodded from the opposite side of the table.
“Kirito-kun…… then, that means…… by using STL, a reality which is subjectively more real than our real world could be created? A different world without a designer’s involvement?”
“Hmmm……”
Kazuto thought slightly, before slowly shaking his head.
“No…… in the current situation, it’s still difficult. The forests or grass in the natural terrain could be left to the system to generate, but I think building a large-scale town while maintaining its integrity without a designer is still impossible. About the other possibility…… such as preparing a few hundred test players and letting them build a town from zero in the wilderness field state, or in the other words, building a civilization, for that, I think it could be possible in the world without a god-like creator……”
“Uwa, that would be a very time consuming strategy―”
“The completion of the map would take several months, I think.”
Asuna and Shino laughed at Kazuto’s joke at the same time. However, the owner of the speech remained pondering with his brow wrinkled, and before long, he started speaking in a monologue manner,
“So it’s a simulation of building a civilization, huh. No…… it can be said it’s necessary. If the STL’s FLA function is used and allowing them to develop…… is there any restriction placed on the memories inside……?”
“STL’s FL…… what is that?”
Shino frowned at the succession of abbreviations, as Kazuto lifted his face and blinked.
“Ah…… it’s Soul Translator’s second magic. Just now, I talked about the dream-like virtual world created by STL, right?”
“Yeah.”
“Have you ever had an incredibly long dream, and felt very tired when you woke up? A bad dream in particular……”
“Ah―, yes I have.”
Shino nodded while frowning.
“Running away from something, and along the way I think ‘This must be a dream’ yet I am unable to wake up. When thinking that I have finally woken up after being chased for so long, it turns out that that was a dream too.”
“How much time do you think you spend in those dreams?”
“Eh―? Two…… or perhaps three hours.”
“Well, when monitoring the brain waves during the dream, which a person feels was very long, the actual time between seeing the dream and opening the eyes is only a few minutes.”
Kazuto, who cut off his words at that point, suddenly stretched his hands to cover both the mobile terminals lying on the table. He then cast his mischievous gaze toward Shino.
“We started talking about STL around half past four, right? Sinon, what time do you think it is right now?”
“Hmm……”
Caught by surprise, Shino hesitated to answer. The sky past the summer solstice was still bright, so she couldn’t tell the time by the light shining through the window. She was forced to rely on guessing an answer,
“……Around four fifty……?
Kazuto then uncovered the terminals, before directing the screen at Shino. As she peered at the screen, several digital figures indicated that it was already long past five.
“Whoa, I didn’t notice we had spent this much time talking.”
“The sense of time is a subjective matter. It’s not just during a dream but also in the real world. When in an emergency, adrenaline that rushes out makes time feel slower, on the other hand, the time passes faster when we are absorbed in a relaxing talk. RATH has been researching about how this happens in the human’s consciousness…… or Fluctlight, and has came up with a rough theory. Apparently, flowing at the core of the consciousness is the pulse that acts as a «Thought clock control signal». But it seems they are still unable to understand where it comes from.”
“Clock……?”
“It’s what you hear often when talking about computer’s something-gigahertz.”
“The number of calculations it can do in one second, right?”
Asuna said as she nodded, Kazuto then knocked the table surface with his right hand’s finger, making a ton ton sound.
“That is also the max number they put in the catalogue, it actually isn’t constant. It usually operates slowly in order to generate less heat, then when a heavy workload is requested——“
Ton ton ton, as he sped up the rhythm.
“As the operation clock is increased, so does the calculation speed. It is the same as the quantum computer in the form of Fluctlight. Placed in an emergency state, having to deal with large amounts of data, the thought clock would be accelerated to cope with it. Sinon surely has experienced it too, when concentrating during an intense battle, you felt like you could see the bullets, right?”
“Ah―, well…yeah, when I am in a very good condition. But there is no way I could imitate your «Predicting the bullet’s trajectory then avoiding it»”
Shino said as she pouted, Kazuto gave a bitter smile before shaking his head.
“That’s also impossible for me now. I need to retrain before the next BoB…… Anyway, that thought clock affects our sense of time. When the clock is accelerated, a human would feel that the flow of time is slower. The moments during sleep would be an obvious example of it. In order to deal with the large amount of memory data, the Fluctlight is sped up, and as a result, we see a dream which feels several hours long within several minutes.”
“Hmmmm……”
Shino folded her arms as she groaned. Her brain, or rather her mind, was a light based computer, something like that was beyond common sense, an act of «Thinking» could increase or decrease its speed, even it was said so, she couldn’t feel like it could possibly be done. However, Kazuto grinned as he continued,
“——In this case. If we could do a work or homework in our dream, don’t you think it’d be great? Even it is just a several minutes in the real world, but it would be several hours in the dream.”
“S-Something like that is absurd.”
“Yes, I think so―, I haven’t seen such a convenient dream before.”
Even though Shino and Asuna both objected at the same time, the smile remained on Kazuto’s face as he continued explaining,
“The real dream is inconsistent, that is the by-product of the memory processing operation. The dream which is created by STL is much clearer…… I mean, the VR world resembles the dream in that logic. In that world, the thought clock in the consciousness is interfered and accelerated. At the same time, the standard time inside the virtual world is also accelerated in sync. As a result, the Dive time that a user feels in the virtual world is several times over the actual time in reality. That is the STL’s greatest killer feature, the «Fluctlight Acceleration», abbreviated as FLA.”
“……This is already……”
I don’t think we’re talking about reality anymore, as Shino let out a little sigh. It was already far from a «Slightly different» AmuSphere.
Social life had been completely changed with just the implementation of the FullDive technology. Shino heard that the reduced cost version was used in normal companies and it had become common to go into the virtual world for a conference or presentation, there were the broadcasting of real 3D drama and movies every day, where audiences could enter into the scene from any angle they like, and a traveling software that reproduced a high altitude view was very popular among the elderly, it was as Kazuto said earlier, an era that even military training was done in the virtual world.
With the increasing number of people who didn’t want to leave their houses, came the arrival of the «Strolling group» boom, which was walking aimlessly around town in the virtual world, the release of the «Virtual strolling software», which catered to that particular group had gained a big popularity, but it was a phenomenon which had its priorities backwards. And it was only recently that the major hamburger shop and the beef bowl chain started to open their virtual branches.
Where does the big tide from such a virtual world sweep to the real world —— even though it is the current social situation, with something that could accelerate the consciousness like the Soul Translator, what kind of the world would it be like? As Shino felt the chill on her back, Asuna, who frowned as she was thinking about the same thing, started muttering as she sighed,
“A long dream……hmm……”
She then raised her eyes toward Kazuto across the table and gave a faint smile.
“It’d be great if the Soul Translator was commercialized before the SAO incident…… I wondered if I should think like this. If the interface hardware wasn’t Nerve Gear but STL, then Aincrad would have had like a thousand floors, and clearing it would take about twenty years.”
“G……Give me a break.”
Watching Kazuto tremble as he shook his head made Asuna smile again, then she continued asking,
“Then, this weekend, Kirito-kun will be seeing a continuous long dream, right?”
“Yeah. It’d be a long continuous operation testing. I’ll be Diving three days straight without eating nor drinking. I think I’d get a bit thinner……”
“It’s not a bit at all― Really… this work is too much.”
Asuna made a cute angry face as she folded her arms in front of her chest.
“Tomorrow I’ll go make food at Kawagoe! I need to ask Suguha-chan to buy a lot of vegetables too.”
“T-That’s very nice of you.”
As Shino was smiling while watching the two, she suddenly thought of a question, and started speaking,
“Hey…… this means, your three day long Dive is done under that thought accelerated function, right? Do you know how much time you actually feel inside?”
“Hmm, as I explained earlier, the memory inside was restricted…… But, I heard that the maximum rate of the current FLA function is three times……”
“That means…… nine days?”
“Or maybe ten days.”
“Hmmm…… I wonder what you have been doing in a world like that. The memories can’t be taken out, but how about taking the real world memories into it? Are there any other testers?”
“No― about something like that, I don’t think so. As the background knowledge would affect the test results. Also, it could block the memories during the Dive, so restricting the existing memories shouldn’t be difficult…… Anyway, the building in Roppongi that I work at has only one STL experimental machine, so the one Diving was just me. And I know almost nothing about the «Inside», it’s not enough to become a Beater and mess with the test results. But the only thing I could tell is the code name of the virtual world used in the experiment.”
“Heh…what is it?”
“«Underworld»”
“Under…… the underground world? I wonder if it’s how that VR world was designed.”
“Its design is unknown whether from reality, fantasy, or SF settings. But, based on the name, I have a feeling that it’d be a gloomy underground……”
“Hmmm. So we can’t pinpoint it.”
As Shino and Kazuto shook their heads together, Asuna touched her delicate chin with her finger as she muttered in a low voice,
“Perhaps…… that came from Alice too.”
“Alice……?”
“It makes sense since RATH’s name is also taken from『Alice in Wonderland』. The first private edition of that book is『Alice’s Adventures Under Ground』.”
“Heh… this is the first time I heard that. If this is true, it’s somehow… like a fairy tale company.”
Shino gave a little smile as she continued,
“Speaking of which, about the Alice books, there are two books with stories about the long dreams. ……Perhaps during Kirito’s Dive, it could be possible that he had a tea party with the rabbit or played chess with the queen.”
Asuna who heard that giggling in an amused manner. But the person in question, Kazuto, stared at a single spot on the table while making a difficult face.”
“……What’s wrong?”
“……No……”
Shino’s voice brought his gaze upward, while still frowned, he blinked repeatedly in irritation.
“Just now, when I heard Alice…… I felt like I could remember something…… Like, there are times, when you feel something funny or disturbing such as just now, but no matter how you think about it, you can’t recall what it was, it’s that kind of anxious feeling.”
“Ah, yeah. Like waking up from a scary dream but not remembering the contents of the dream.”
“Something…… Just now I felt that I had forgotten something bad……”
Asuna asked as she was worriedly looked at Kazuto, who was messing up his hair,
“That is, perhaps, the memories during the experiment……?”
“But… didn’t you say all memories of the virtual world were removed?”
As Shino said that after Asuna. Kazuto groaned with his eyes still closed, before lowering his shoulders.
“……Well, it’s ten days worth of memories anyway. It’s possible that there might be pieces which had escaped the blocking……”
“Oh yes, if we think about it that way, if the memories actually remained, it would mean you’re getting older than us, in the mind. That’s somehow…… scary.”
“For me, I’d be a little…… happy, it’s like the gap would become narrower.”
Asuna said so, as she was a year older, Kazuto responded as he gave a weak smile,
“Come to think of it, in the period between yesterday’s Dive and today’s class, I felt a strange discomfort. It was like it had been a very long time since seeing the town, or the TV shows. The classmates too…… ‘who’s that guy again?’ Something like that……”
“Don’t exaggerate, it’s just ten days.”
“I agree― It’s not something to worry about.”
Shino and Asuna frowned at Kazuto’s words.
“Kirito-kun, you should quit that unreasonable experiment. It really puts too much burden on your body.”
“Ah, if the long continuous operation testing had succeeded, it means the top part of the fundamental design problem is all clear. The next stage is to shape up the machine for implementation, but I wonder how many years it would take to place that enormous size into a commercial basis…… I also can’t do this part-time job much longer, as the final test is starting next month.”
“Uu……”
At Kazuto’s words, Shino made a grim face once more.
“Hey, don’t remind me of something like that. You guys have it easy, there’re almost no paper tests anymore. Mine are still using the mark sheet system, give me a break……”
“Huhu, then how about doing a study camp together?”
As she said that, Asuna looked at the wall up behind Shino before saying ‘Wah’ in a low voice.
“It’s nearly six already, time surely flies while we are chatting.”
“Then let’s finish this. But I don’t think talking about the main topic would take only five minutes though.”
As Kazuto gave a bitter smile, Shino also smiled while replying,
“Well, it’s still a while before the fifth BoB, so let’s decide about the character build and detailed battle tactics after the conversion.”
“Yeah, that works too. But I don’t feel like using anything but a light saber though.”
“I told you it’s a photon sword.”
‘Is that so?’ Kazuto laughed as he grabbed the slip off the table, and started walking toward the counter to treat them with the pay he had received from the seventy-two hours part-time job. Shino and Asuna said ‘Thanks for the treat!’ together, before heading for the exit.
“Agil-san, I’ll come again later.”
“Thank you for the feast, the baked beans were really delicious.”
After the reply from the shopkeeper, who was busy with the nightly preparations, Shino extracted her umbrella from the whisky barrel and pushed the door open. Karakaran, as the doorbell continued ringing, the sound of the town’s ruckus and rain enveloped her ears.
Even though there was still time before the nightfall, due to the thick clouds, the sign of the dark night had already hung over the damp street nearby. Shino opened the umbrella, and began descending the small stairs —— she abruptly stopped her feet as she quickly moved her eyes through the surroundings.
“Sinonon, what’s the matter……?”
The wondering voice of Asuna came from behind. Shino came to her senses and hurriedly turned around from the street.
“N-No, it’s nothing.”
She gave a short laugh to hide her embarrassment. It can’t be, I felt the presence of a sniper on my nape, but it’s not possible. Maybe the habit of affirming the sniping points the moment I entered an open space had come out to the real world? by thinking so, she became slightly astonished.
As Asuna still tilted her head, the doorbell from behind rang once again, followed by the sound of footsteps descending the stairs.
When Kazuto, who exited the shop while putting his wallet into his bag, had come down and stood on the street, he let out a single word along with his sigh,
“ALICE…………”
“What, you’re still thinking about it?”
“No…… I recalled what I heard by chance from the staff’s conversation on Friday before Diving in STL…… A, L, I…… Arti…… Labile…… Intelligen…… hmm, what was it……”
Shino held her umbrella over Kazuto, who was grumbling the words she couldn’t get the point, Asuna sure has a lot to worry about, as she gave a bitter smile.
“Really, if something like that distracted you so much. Shouldn’t you just ask them the next time you go there?”
“Well…… that’s true.”
Kazuto shook his head two, three more times, before finally opening his umbrella.
“See you Sinon, the next meeting we’ll talk about converting to GGO.”
“Understood. It’s fine to meet in ALO next time. Thanks for coming out today.”
“See you, Sinonon.”
“See you, Asuna.”
Kazuto and Asuna, who were going back with JR, waved their hands, Shino then started walking to the subway station in the opposite direction.
Once more, she secretly looked over her surroundings from under the umbrella, but the eerie feeling of the glance from earlier had also disappeared without a trace like the first time.

Interlude I[edit]
The human temperature is a strange thing.
Yuuki Asuna suddenly had such a thought.
The rain had already stopped, and under that dark blue sky, with a part of the clouds dyed in orange, the two of them walked slowly while holding hands. Beside her, Kirigaya Kazuto, who had a sullen expression ever since he had started thinking about something several minutes ago, dropped his gaze to the brick tile footpath without saying anything.
Asuna who lived in Setagaya and Kazuto who was going back to Kawagoe, usually separated at the Shinjuku station as they had to take different trains, however today, for some reason, Kazuto said “I’ll drop you near your house.” Even though he would have to take an hour longer to get back to his home from Shibuya, as Kazuto had an unusual look in his eyes, Asuna nodded obediently.
As they got off the train at the Miyanosaka station on the Setagaya line, which was the station nearest to Asuna’s house, they were still holding hands.
While doing this, Asuna vaguely recalled a scene. It wasn’t just sweet, but also horribly painful at the same time, so it was a memory which normally didn’t appear in her consciousness, however, it came back occasionally whenever she held Kazuto’s hands.
It wasn’t a memory of the real world, but of the town of iron towers «Grandum» on Aincrad’s 55th floor, which no longer existed.
At that time, Asuna had served as the sub-leader of the guild Knights of the Blood. Her escort was a great sword user named Kuradeel, who accompanied her all the time. Kuradeel, who had an abnormal burning obsession with Asuna, had used a paralysis poison on Kazuto/Kirito, which compelled Asuna to withdraw from the guild.
Kuradeel had killed two guild members in the process; Asuna, who got there just in time before Kirito’s life was lost, drew her rapier with fury and mercilessly, Kuradeel’s HP gauge was reduced to a level where it could have been depleted with just a final strike, but she had hesitated. Kuradeel took that chance to retaliate however Kirito had recovered from the paralysis by then, and he finished Kuradeel off with his bare hands.
The two then went back to the headquarters of the Knights of the Blood on the 55th floor. After informing them about her withdrawal from the guild, they held each other’s hands while walking aimlessly in Grandum.
While she remained calm on the surface at that time, inside Asuna’s chest, she had felt disappointed in herself because she didn’t kill Kuradeel. The guilt from having Kirito carry that heavy burden swirled around her. She felt that she wasn’t qualified to call herself a part of the clearing group, that she had no right to stand beside Kirito. But, as she was suffering from these feelings, she heard a voice. Just you, I want to send you back to the real world no matter what.
At that moment, a strong feeling welled up within Asuna. Next time I’ll protect this person with my own hands. No, not just the next time, but every time. No matter in which world.
Asuna could vividly remember that her hand, which had felt nothing but the coldness of the air even though they were still grasping Kirito’s, at that moment, became warm as if they were sitting by a fireplace. After the floating castle collapsed, going through the world of fairies, and returning to the real world, when she held his hand, she could still recall the warmth felt in her palm from that time.
Really, the human temperature is a strange thing. Even though she knew that heat was generated from energy consumption to maintain bodily functions, the exchange of warmth from the contact of their palms felt like it contained some information as well. Because, Asuna could understand what Kazuto, who had been walking in silence until now, had been hesitating to say.
‘A human’s soul is light quanta contained within the microscopic structures of their brain cells’ was what Kazuto had said. But, that light might exist not just in the brain cells, but also in every cell in the body. The quantum field, which was composed of those particles of fluctuating lights and produced the human form, had connected through their palms. Perhaps that was how the warmness could be felt.
Asuna closed her eyelids gently, before whispering in her mind,
——Look, it’s alright, Kirito-kun. I will always guard your back. That’s because we’re the world’s greatest forward and backup.
Kazuto then suddenly stopped, prompting Asuna to also halt her moving feet. Her eyes widened, Is it already seven? as the antique cast iron street lamp radiated an orange light overhead.
In this evening after the rain, no one was to be seen on the walkway aside from the two of them. Kazuto slowly turned his head, his dark pupils fixed on Asuna.
“Asuna……”
As if he finally shook off his hesitation, he took a step forward——
“……I still think about going.”
Asuna, who understood the reason for his concern, smiled as she asked,
“America?”
“Yeah. I spent a year researching, and I think the «Brain Implant Chip» research at Santa Clara University is the real successor of the FullDive technology. The Brain Machine Interface is probably heading toward that direction. I really want to see it, where the next world is born.”
Asuna looked straight into Kazuto’s pupils before giving a deep nod.
“There were not only fun memories, but a lot of sad and painful memories too. Its purpose, that castle’s destination, you want to know about those, right?”
“……I don’t think even several hundreds of years would be enough time to understand it.”
Kazuto made a little smile and became silent once again.
It’s certainly difficult to speak about separation. was what Asuna guessed. Without erasing her smile, she tried to voice the answer that had always been kept warm inside of her chest —— however before she could do so, Kazuto made the exact same expression he once did in Aincrad - the same one from when he proposed marriage to her - as he said while stuttering,
“That’s why…… I-I want you to go with me, Asuna. I really don’t want to live without you. I know I’m saying something unreasonable. I know that Asuna has a path Asuna wants to go. But, even so, I……”
At that point, he cut off his words as if he was confused. Asuna’s eyes widened, and she let out a light laugh.
“Eh……?”
“S……Sorry that I laughed. But…… could it be, that was what made Kirito-kun troubled until now?”
“Y-Yeah.”
“Whaaat. If it’s about my answer, I had already decided upon it long ago.”
Her left hand grasped her right, which was still holding Kazuto’s hand. After nodding deeply again, she told him,
“Of course, I’ll go… we’ll go together. If it’s with you, I can go anywhere.”
Kazuto’s eyes opened wide as he blinked many times, and then a rare bright smile floated onto his face. At the same time, he placed his right hand on Asuna’s shoulder.
Asuna responded by tightly embracing Kazuto with both hands.
As their lips touched, the coldness immediately left their lips, replaced by a loving warmth; Asuna, once again, sensed the exchange of information through the infinite amount of radiance that comprised each other’s souls. Even in the future, no matter in which world, no matter how long we travel, our hearts won’t be separated, about that I’m certain.
No, our hearts were actually bound a long time ago. On the sky above the collapsing Aincrad, when it disappeared wrapped in that rainbow aurora —— or perhaps even far before that, the moment we met deep within the dark labyrinth, as fellow lonely solo players.

“Anyways.”
Several minutes later, as they were walking along the walkway holding hands, Asuna asked a question that suddenly popped into her head,
“So you think that the Soul Translator you’re experimenting with isn’t the successor of the FullDive technology? The Brain Chip interfaces with brain cells at the same level as the Nerve Gear, but STL is ahead of that, and interfaces at the quantum level, doesn’t it?”
“Hmmm……”
Kazuto was diligently poking the brick using the metallic ferrule of the umbrella in his other hand as he answered,
“……Its design concept is certainly more advanced than the Brain Chip. But, how to say it…… maybe it’s too advanced. In order to downsize that machine for practical use, it wouldn’t just take a few years, but it would require decades to do so. I have a feeling that the current STL isn’t a machine made for humans to FullDive into the virtual world with……”
“Ehh? Then what is it for?”
“Maybe it’s a machine for understanding the human consciousness…… the Fluctlight.”
“Hmm……”
So you mean the STL isn’t the goal, but the method? As Asuna was wondering what the understanding of the human soul could lead to, Kazuto continued speaking,
“Besides. I think STL is his…… the extension of Heathcliff’s idea. That man, for whatever reason he created Nerve Gear, he sacrificed thousands of people, fried his own brain, and on top of that, he even spread «The Seed» out into the world…… I don’t know if he even had a goal in the first place, but I feel that his presence is floating somewhere in STL. Even though I want to know what he was aiming for, I don’t want it to affect my own direction. I don’t want to feel like I’m dancing on his palm.”
The face of that person appeared in the back of Asuna’s brain in that instant, and she nodded.
“……I see…… ……Hey, the consciousness of Guild Leader, the thought emulation program still exists somewhere on a server, right? Like Kirito-kun mentioned before.”
“Yeah, but it was just once. The machine that the guy used for suicide was the original prototype of STL. In order to read the Fluctlight, it required a high-powered beam that was enough to fry the brain cells. Perhaps, he had to suffer a much more intense and long continuous pain than when only the brain stem is destroyed by the Nerve Gear…… For the purpose of making a copy of himself, I don’t think it’s unrelated to what RATH is doing with STL now. Maybe somewhere in my heart I’m still thinking…… that I want to see some kind of resolution, which is why I accepted Kikuoka’s offer……”
As he said that, Kazuto’s gaze turned toward the sky fading into a reddish orange. As she looked at his face for a while, Asuna put more strength into her hand that was holding his, before whispering,
“……Promise me, just one thing. Don’t do something dangerous.”
Kazuto, who turned to her, gave a smile as he nodded deeply.
“Of course, I promise. As I’m going to America with Asuna next summer anyways.”
“Before that, shouldn’t you worry about studying to get a good score on the Scholastic Assessment Test?”
“Uu……”
Kazuto was at a loss for words momentarily, before he lightly coughed and changed the topic,
“Anyway, I need to properly greet Asuna’s parents first. I have exchanged emails with Shouzou-shi from time to time, but your mother’s memory of me is quite bad……”
“No problem, no problem, recently she has become very understanding. Ah, yes…… why not just go now?”
“Ehh!? N-No…… maybe it’s better to go after the final exam, yeah.”
“Really…”
They had arrived in front of a small park near Asuna’s house as they talked. This was where Kazuto usually said farewell before sending her off. Asuna stopped as she felt reluctant before turning around. She looked at Kazuto’s face, and his gaze was also fixed on her.
The gap between them then lessened to fifteen centimeters. Suddenly, heavy footsteps could be heard from behind, and Asuna reflexively stepped back.
As she turned her head, a human figure appeared jogging from the T-shaped road. It was a short man dressed in black. His gaze stopped at Asuna and Kirito before saying “Excuse me,” with a high-pitched voice.
“Erm, do you know where the station is?”
The young man lowered his head as he asked, Asuna then pointed to the east with her left hand.
“Follow this road for a while, and turn right at the first traffic light…… then…”
Suddenly, Kazuto, who was behind, forcefully pulled back Asuna’s shoulder. Then he stepped forward while shielding Asuna behind his back.
“W-What’s……”
“You…… were following us from Dicey Café weren’t you? Who are you?”
With a sharp tone, Kazuto said something that Asuna didn’t even notice. She held her breath as she looked at the man’s face again.
He had an uneven tangle of long hair. The outline of his thin cheeks were densely covered by a stubbly beard. There were silver earrings on his ears, and on his neck was also a thick silver necklace. He was wearing a discolored black T-shirt with the same colored leather pants. A metal chain hanging on his waist made a jingling sound. His feet were wrapped in high laced boots which looked heavy in this season, and he gave off a shabby overall impression.
The narrowed eyes gleamed from the parting in his untidy forelock, as if he was smiling. The guy frowned and tilted his head as if he didn’t understand what Kazuto was talking about —— then suddenly, his small pupils shone with an unpleasant light.
“……So surprise attacks don’t work, huh.”
With the edge of his lips tightly bent, Asuna didn’t know if he was smiling or irritated.
“Just who are you?”
Kazuto repeated his question. The man shrugged, shook his head two, three times, before he deliberately heaved a big sigh.
“Hey, hey, that won’t do, Kirito-san. Did you already forget my face…… oh, over there I wore a mask, didn’t I? But… I never forget about you for even a single day.”
“You……”
Tension built up on Kazuto’s back. He pulled back his right hand as he lowered his waist slightly.
“——«Johnny Black»!”
With his low shout, Kazuto’s right hand flashed like lightning and grabbed the air over his shoulder. It was once where the «Black Swordsman»’s beloved sword, «Elucidator» was.
“Bu… Ku… Kuhahahahahaha! Nope, no sword!!”
The man who was called Johnny Black twisted the upper part of his body as he spewed out a high-pitched laugh. Kazuto lowered his right hand as his entire body remained tense.
Asuna knew that name. It was the name of an active murderer in the old Aincrad, a well-known name even among the red players. Belonging to the PK guild «Laughing Coffin» and forming a duo with «Red-eyed XaXa», who required more than ten players to capture.
…………XaXa. She heard that name just half a year ago. The mastermind behind that terrible «Death Gun Incident».
She heard right after the incident that XaXa himself, Shinkawa Shouichi was arrested along with his younger brother, but the remaining comrade was on the run. The third person, whom she thought was caught long ago, his name was probably Kanemoto…… in other words, the man standing in front of her was————
“You…… still keep running away?”
Kazuto said in a hoarse voice. Johnny Black, Kanemoto grinned as he protruded both his index fingers.
“Of cour——se. Did you think I’d give up after XaXa was caught? I am the last of the Laughing Coffin. I discovered that coffee shop five months ago, and I was on the lookout nearby for a month…… every day was filled with hatred—“
As he spoke, Kanemoto inclined his head to the left and right.
“But, Kirito-san, without the sword…… you’re merely a weak brat, aren’t you? Even though the face is the same, it’s hard to think you’re the same Swordsman-sama who beat me up so badly.”
“It’s the same for you…… What can you do without your proud poisoned weapons?”
“Hey, that’s so unprofessional to judge an armament by its appearance.”
Kanemoto moved his right hand behind his back with a snake-like speed, and pulled something off his shirt.
It was a strange object. From the cylinder made of smooth plastic, there was a toy-like grip protruding out. Asuna thought it was a water gun for a moment, but she held her breath as she saw Kazuto’s back became intensely stiff. Her confusion turned into fear once she heard Kazuto’s voice.
“That’s…… the «Death Gun»……!”
His right hand projected to the back, encouraging Asuna to withdraw. At the same time, he pointed the tip of the folded umbrella in his left hand at Kanemoto.
One step, two steps, as she unconsciously moved backward, Asuna eyes were still fixed on the plastic «Gun». That was not a mere water gun, but a syringe utilizing a high-pressure gas, inside of which was with the frightening chemical which could stop the heart.
“I have—, I have the poisoned weapon— I’m sorry it’s not a knife though—“
As he was shaking the tip of the syringe, which was its only metal part, Kanemoto made a creaking-like laugh. Kazuto grabbed the umbrella with both his hands while directing it cautiously towards Kanemoto, then called out in a low voice.
“Asuna, run away! Call someone for help!”
After a moment of hesitation, Asuna nodded, then turned around and started running. From behind, the voice of Kanemoto could be heard,
“Oi, «The Flash»! Make sure to let everyone know….. that the one who took the «Black Swordsman»’s neck, is this Johnny Black!”
The doorbell of the nearest house was about thirty meters away.
“Someone…… help!!”
As she ran and called with her utmost voice. Isn’t this a mistake to leave Kazuto and run away? ……If we both jumped on him at the same time, shouldn’t we able to suppress that weapon? She passed the halfway point as she thought so, at that time, a sound reached her ears.
Like when the cap of a carbonated drink was opened, or a can of hair spray was used; a short, sharp compression sound. Yet, she understood its meaning right away; Asuna, overwhelmed with fear, twisted her foot, staggered, and leaned her hand against the damp brick.
Asuna slowly turned and looked over her shoulder.
A gruesome scene entered her vision.
The shaft of the umbrella in Kazuto’s hand had stabbed into the base of Kanemoto’s right thigh.
And the syringe in Kanemoto hand was pushed against Kazuto’s left shoulder.
Together, their bodies separated from each other, before collapsing violently onto the road.

The several minutes after that was unreal, like she was watching a black and white movie.
She ran up to the side of the unmoving body of Kazuto. She pulled Kazuto off Kanemoto, who was holding his right leg in agony, “Hang in there,” she was calling as she pulled out the mobile terminal from her pocket and opened it.
She couldn’t feel anything from her fingers, as if they were frozen. Her stiff fingertips desperately operated the touch panel, and she reported the current location and situation to the operator of the emergency center, panting and out of breath.
Curious spectators gathered. Then, a policeman appeared from a crack in the crowd. Asuna just briefly answered his questions as she kept on tightly hugging Kazuto.
Kazuto’s breath was short, and shallow. Under his pained breath, he whispered two short words. “Asuna, sorry.”
The next several minutes felt like an eternity. Kazuto was brought into one of the two ambulances which had arrived, and Asuna also boarded the same car.
As Kazuto lay unconscious on the stretcher, a paramedic put his face close to Kazuto’s mouth to check his airway, then immediately called the other rescue member,
“Respiratory failure! Give me the Ambu bag!”
To hastily support his breathing, Kazuto’s mouth and nose were covered with a transparent mask.
Asuna somehow managed to suppress her urge to scream within her throat, as she informed the paramedic about the name of the chemical she miraculously recalled,
“Erm, s-succinylcholine…… he was injected with that drug. In the left shoulder.”
The paramedic looked at her in amazement for a moment, then he gave new instructions in rapid succession.
“IV inject epinephrine…… no, use atropine! Make sure it’s IV!”
A transfusion needle was put into the left arm of Kazuto, who had his shirt taken off, the electrodes of the ECG monitor were placed on his chest. In addition to the voices fluttering about, a siren ripped the air apart.
“Heart rate is dropping!”
“Start chest compressions!”
The face of Kazuto, with his eyelids shut, looked terribly pale under the car’s internal LED light. “No… no… Kirito-kun… not something like this…” the small voice continued to spill out of Asuna’s mouth without her noticing for a while.
“Heart stopped!”
“Keep compressing!”
Kirito-kun, it’s a lie, right? You aren’t going to leave me, right? You said we’ll be together forever…… didn’t you say that?
Asuna dropped her gaze to the mobile terminal held firmly in her hand.
The pink heart displayed on the monitor throbbed slightly once, before it stopped pulsing.
The digital figure cruelly changed and stayed at zero, as everything became silent.

Chapter 1 - Underworld[edit]
(The Third Month of Human World Calendar 378)
Part 1[edit]
There were scents in the air.
My fragmented thought had sensed as such just before I woke up.
The air which was flowing into my nasal cavity contained large amounts of information. The sweet scent of flowers. The scent of bright green grasses. The refreshing scent of trees which felt like it could cleanse my chest. The scent of water which stimulated my thirsty throat.
As my consciousness leaned towards awareness, the flood of the sounds information surged into me. The sound of numerous leaves rubbing against each other. The sound of small birds cheerfully twittering away. Below them were the occasionally buzzing sounds from the insects. The faint murmuring sound of a small river from far away.
Where am I? At least it is obviously not my room. Usually, when I wake up, there is always a sunny-like scent of the dry sheet, the groan of the air-con, and the sound of the cars running on the Kawagoe bypass slightly further away, but all of these aren’t present. Furthermore —— the green light which irregularly brushes my closed eyelids until now isn’t the book light I forgot to turn off, but sunlight filtered through the foliage, isn’t it?
I pushed aside the desire to return to the deep sleep which still lingered, before finally opening my eyes.
I repeatedly blinked several times due to the sudden shot of numerous swaying beams of lights. As I rubbed my eyes, which were blurred with tears, with the back of my right hand, I slowly raised my upper body.
“……Where am I……?”
I unintentionally muttered.
What I saw next were green bushes. There were small white and yellow flowers at various places on them, the shiny light blue butterflies were flying back and forth between them. About five meters away, the carpet of grasses was cut off, from there on, was a stretch of deep forest, lined up with the huge gnarly trees which should have aged for tens of years.
As I focused my sight to the gloomy gap between the tree trunks, the grove of trees seemed to continue until the limit where light could reach. The rugged rippled tree bark and the ground were covered with thick moss, shining green and gold under the sun.
I glanced to the right, then turned around, I was greeted by old tree trunks from all directions. In other words, it seemed I was lying in a small circle of grasses in the opening of the forest. Lastly I looked upwards, and from the gap between the gnarled tree-tops stretching in all directions, it was the blue sky where the scattered clouds were drifting, like I had expected.
“Where is…… this place?”
I muttered again as I sighed. But there was no answer.
I searched every nook and corner of my head, but I couldn’t find the memory of how I came to take a nap in this place. Sleepwalking? Amnesia? As those dangerous words crossed my mind, no way, I quickly denied it.
I am…… my name is Kirigaya Kazuto. Seventeen years old and eight months. I live at Kawagoe, Saitama prefecture with my mother and little sister.
I felt somewhat calm as my related data came out smoothly, then I pulled out more memories.
Currently, I’m a second year high school student. But as I’d met the graduation requirement in the first semester of next year, I was thinking about entering a university in fall. Yes, I had consulted with someone about that. On the last Sunday of June, when it was raining. I went to Agil’s shop, «Dicey Café» in Okachimachi after school, and talked to my friend Sinon, Asada Shino about Gun Gale Online.
Then, Asuna —— Yuuki Asuna joined up, the three of us talked for a while before leaving the shop.
“Asuna……”
I have a lover, I softly uttered a name of the girl, who was the partner I could leave my back to with full confidence. I looked around my surroundings many times, tried to search for the figure of her, who existed clearly in my memory, however, I couldn’t find a single human’s figure on the grass floor or in the deep forest.
While fighting with a sudden strike of loneliness, I went to retrace my memories.
Asuna and I separated from Shino after we went out of the shop. After coming out of the Tokyo Metro Ginza Line in Shibuya, we switched to Tōyoko line to go Setagaya, where Asuna’s house is.
The rain had already stopped when we exited the station. As we walked side by side on the brick tile footpath, we talked about entering the university. I spoke openly about my desire to go to the university in America, and made an unreasonable request for Asuna to come along, at that point, she gave her usual tenderly bright smile, and then——

My memories stopped at that point.

I couldn’t recall it. How did Asuna reply? How did I say farewell and return to the station? What time did I come back home, what time did I go to bed? I couldn’t recall any of those.
As I was slightly amazed, I desperately tried to pull out more memories.
However, Asuna’s smile just faded away like it was blurred in the water, the scene after that didn’t come out no matter how hard I tried to recall it. I frowned as I closed my eyes, and hastily dug up the gloomy grey vacuum.
I was suffocating as if I was going mad.
Those were just two images that came to mind, like small bubbles. Unintentionally, I inhaled the sweet air deeply into my chest. And I strongly sensed my dry throat, which I had forgotten about until now.
There is no doubt about it, yesterday evening I was definitely at Miyasaka town in Setagaya ward. Then how did I end up sleeping in the middle of a forest I don’t know?
No, was it really yesterday? The breeze which is brushing against my skin feels cool and pleasant. This forest doesn’t have the slightest bit of the humidity at the end of June. This time, a genuine fear ran through my back.
The «Yesterday’s memory», which I’m desperately clinging onto as if it were a small float floating in the middle of a stormy sea, did it really happen? Am I… really who I think I am……?
After caressing my face and pulling at my hair several times, I lowered my hands and looked at its details. I calmed down slightly as they looked just like what I had in my memories, there was a mole at the base of the right thumb, the back of the left middle finger had a scar which I got during childhood.
At that point, I finally noticed my strange appearance.
Replacing my usual pajamas wasn’t a T-shirt nor a school uniform, no, it wasn’t even anything I owned. On the contrary, no matter how I looked at it, I didn’t think it was ready-made clothes available in the market.
The tunic was dyed in a pale blue, it was either a rough cotton or flax short sleeved shirt. Its texture was irregular, which gave a coarse feeling. The thread sewed on the cuffs seemed to be hand-sewn rather than machine sewed. There was no collar, the V shape cut on the chest was tied with a light brown cord. As I looked at the cord held by my fingers, I could see that it wasn’t made of braided fiber, but seemed to be of finely cut leather.
The trousers also used the same material, but they were in beige as they seemed to be unbleached. There was no pocket, the leather belt which tied my waist wasn’t fastened with a metal buckle, but a long and narrow wooden button. The shoes were also hand-sewn leather, several tacks were struck to the cleats of thick leather shoe sole.
I had never seen such clothes and shoes before. ——In the real world, that was.
“……What.”
I relaxed my shoulders, as I muttered with a light sigh.
Even though they were completely different, at the same time, they were the garments that looked familiar. From Europe during the Middle Ages, or it could be said from fantasy, these were what were the so-called tunic, cotton pants, and leather shoes. This place wasn’t reality but a fantasy world, or a virtual world I was familiar with.
“What……”
I said again as I tilted my head.
This means I was sleeping while FullDiving? But when and what game did I log in to? Why can’t I remember anything?
Anyway, I’ll know after I logged out, as I thought that, I waved my right hand.
After a several seconds, the window wouldn’t open, so this time I waved my left hand. The result was the same.
As I listened to the uninterrupted sound of little birds twittering and leaves rubbing against each other, I recklessly tried to shake off a discomforting feeling which was creeping up from my waist.
This place is a virtual world. It should be. But —— at least it isn’t Alfheim I’m familiar with. Before that, it isn’t even the standard VR world which is created by The Seed.
But didn’t I just confirm the mole and scar I have in the real world? A VR game which could precisely reproduce such things, as far as I know, doesn’t exist.
“Command. ……Log out.”
I pronounced it along with a faint glimmer of hope, but there was no response. As I sat cross-legged, I looked at my hand again.
There were swirled fingerprints on the tip of my fingers. There were wrinkles at the joints. The fine soft hairs grew thinly. The beads of cold sweat had been perspiring for a while now.
I wiped them off using my tunic, and checked the details of the fabric again. The rough threads were knit into the cloth using an old method. The fluffy and very fine fiber was clearly visible on the surface.
If this was a virtual world, the machine which created it would have a fearfully high performance. As I set my gaze on the grove of trees up ahead, I quickly tore a blade of grass with my right arm and held it in front of my eyes.
The Seed’s standard VR world, which used «Detail Focusing» technique, wouldn’t be able to keep up with my sudden movement, a slight time lag would occur before I could see the fine detailed texture of the grass. However, from the thin running vein and the jagged edge, until the water droplet dripped off the slit, all were presented in ultra-fine detail the moment I stared at it.
It means the objects which entered my vision is generated in real-time with a precision of millimeters. Then the capacity needed to store this single grass would be in several tens of megabytes. Is something like that really possible?
I don’t want to pursue this anymore, I suppressed such thoughts within my mind as I pushed the grass between my feet aside and started digging the ground using my right hand in place of a shovel.
The damp black soil was surprisingly soft, the entangled small grassroots entered my eyes immediately. I saw a wriggling movement between the tangle of roots and gently picked it up with my fingertips.
It was a small earthworm, about three centimeters long. The lustrous green creature, which was pulled out from its safe haven, was struggling recklessly. Is this a new species? right as I thought that, it raised one end of the tip, which apparently was its head, and made a small Kyu— kyu— cry. While I was feeling dizzy, I returned it to the top of the dug up soil. I then looked at my right hand, my palm was covered in black dirt, the gaps of my fingernails were full of the fine soil.
I was absentminded for several tens of seconds, then, while being reluctant, I came up with three hypotheses which could sufficiently explain the current situation.
First, it is possible that this place is a virtual world created by an extension of the current FullDive technology. The situation in which I woke up in the middle of the forest, is a standard fantasy RPG starting scene.
However, in that case, no matter what kind of supercomputer I know, none of them had enough capability to generate these ultra-fine detailed 3D objects. It could be said that I have lost part of my memories and the time in reality had already passed by several years, or several tens of years.
Next, the possibility that this place could be somewhere in the real world. It means I am the subject of a crime, an illegal experiment, or a terrible prank, someone dressed me up in these clothes and threw me out in the forest somewhere —— from this weather it could be Hokkaidō, or perhaps somewhere on the southern hemisphere. However, I don’t think Japan has a species of metallic green earthworms which could cry ‘kyu kyu’, or even any country in the whole world.
Then the last hypothesis, this place could possibly be a real different dimension, a different world, or perhaps an afterlife world. It is a familiar event which occurs in manga, novels, and anime. According to the dramaturgy of those, after this I would save a girl from monster’s attack, listen to village chief’s request to become the savior hero, and fight against the devil king. But there is no «Steel sword» at my waist.
I held my belly as I was attacked by a sudden desire to burst out laughing, after I somehow managed to let it pass, I decided to exclude the third possibility as out of the question as well. As I lost sight of the border between the reality and non-reality, I felt as if I was starting to lose my sanity as well.
After all —— is this a virtual world? Or is it the real world?
If it’s the former, no matter how super real the world is, it’s not difficult to confirm. I just have to climb to the top of a nearby tree and jump down head-first. If I was logged out, or resurrected at a save point in a temple somewhere, then it would be a virtual world.
But if this is a real world, the worst result will come out from that experiment. In a novel I read long ago, a certain criminal organization, in order to film a real death game, abducted about ten people and left them to kill each other in an uninhabited wilderness. Even though such thing would be unthinkable to happen in reality, the same abnormal event that was the SAO incident had occurred. If this is really a game set up on a stage in the real world, I don’t think committing suicide right at the start is a good choice.
“……If it’s something like that, they still haven’t done that yet……”
I unconsciously said that out. At least Kayaba Akihito still carried out his minimal duty, explaining fine details at the start of the game.
I looked up into sky through the treetops before speaking again,
“Oi, GM-san! If you’re listening then reply to me!!”
However, no matter how long I waited, a huge face or a hooded human figure didn’t appear. At that point, I started checking the surrounding bushes again before searching through my clothes for something that could be a rule book, but I couldn’t find anything.
Apparently, whoever threw me out in this place has no intention to respond to my call for help. This situation, if it’s not accidental then… but…
As I listened to the birds’ carefree twittering, I recklessly thought about what to do after this point.
If this is an accident in reality, I have a hunch that moving around carelessly isn’t a good idea. It could be possible that currently, a rescue team is already on its way.
But, what is the reason that this kind of accident happened in the first place?
If forcibly straining to get one, it could possibly be, trouble happened to the vehicle I was boarding during traveling —— be it a plane or a car, and I fell unconscious in this forest, the shock made me lose memories of the events that occurred before and after it. But that can’t explain these strange clothes, and there are no scratches on my body either.
Or, an accident happened during my Dive in a virtual world, something like that is also possible. An obstacle occurred along the communication route and caused me to log into a world which was not originally connected. But in this case, there is no explanation for these high-detail objects.
Also, if assuming that it is a situation designed by someones intention. Then it would be better to think that as long as I didn’t take any action, the situation wouldn’t change.
“Just which one is it……”
Is this reality? Or is it VR world? There must be a method to identify it, I thought that as I muttered.
There must be a way. A virtual world which approaches perfection until one couldn’t be able to distinguish it from reality, although it is a commonly used phrase, I don’t think it is possible to recreate everything in the real world with a hundred percent precision.
It was close to five minutes that I sat on the short grass thinking about various things. However, I couldn’t find any feasible ideas for the current situation. If I had a microscope, I could search for the existence of microorganism on the ground, or if I had a plane, I could be able to fly to the edge of the surface. However, sadly, with only the hands and feet that I had, digging the ground was the best I could do.
At a time like this, if it’s Asuna, she’s sure to have a way to identify this world which I didn’t think of, I let out a short sigh as I thought that. Or if it was her, she wouldn’t be sitting worrying like this, but quickly taking action.
I bit my lips as hopelessness struck me again.
I was surprised that I was at this much of a loss just because it wasn’t possible to contact Asuna, but I also accepted this fact. As during this past two years, I discussed almost all my decisions with her. Now, without Asuna’s thinking circuit, my brain was like a CPU with half of its core disabled.
It feels like only yesterday that I enjoyed talking with her at Agil’s shop for several hours. If I knew this would happen, I wouldn’t talk about RATH or STL, but about how to distinguish reality from the ultra-precise virtual wor——……
“Ah……”
I inadvertently raised my body. The ambient sound rapidly receded.
So that is it, and I didn’t realize it until now.
Didn’t I already know about it? The existence of something far beyond the FullDive machine, a technology that could be said to be able to create a VR world with a super-real quality. It means this world is……
“Inside of Soul Translator……? Is this place… Underworld……?”
There was no response to what I muttered as I unconsciously looked around my surroundings in confusion.
The forest of gnarled old trees I could only think of as the real thing. The swaying grasses. The flying butterflies.
“These are…… a man-made dream written directly into my Fluctlight……?”
On the first day I started the part-time job at the venture company, «RATH»; the researcher and operator, Higa Takeru-shi, proudly explained to me the rough structure of STL and how real the world it could create was.
And I realized by the Test Dive soon after, that his words weren’t an exaggeration at all —— however, what I saw at that time was just one room. Although the table, chair and various small things placed there were hard to distinguish from the real thing, the room itself couldn’t be called a «World».
However, the size of the forest which surrounds me now, perhaps it would be several kilometers in reality. No, if the ridge of the mountain range that faintly floated beyond the trees was the real thing, then the size of this space would be at a level of several tens or several hundreds of kilometers.
Trying to create this using the existing technology, even using all the storage available on the internet wouldn’t be enough to fit all the data required. Only a totally new technology…… such as the «Mnemonic Visual» of STL, would allow not only a scene that was impossible in reality, but permit this large amount of objects, I totally didn’t imagine it.
Then, if my guess that this place was Underworld, the virtual world created by STL, was correct, it would be impossible to verify it no matter what action was used inside.
That was because every object existed here, no, every ‘thing’ here were at the same level as the real thing in my consciousness. No matter how many grass I tore, the same information as if I did it in the real world would be given to my consciousness —— my Fluctlight, so it was not theoretically possible to verify that it was a virtual existence, absolutely.
So, if STL is going for commercial use, a marker to help in identifying that it’s a virtual world is absolutely needed…… I stood up as I thought that.
Although I still haven’t obtained solid proof, it’s better to think that this place is the Underworld. It means currently in the real world, I’m lying inside the STL experimental machine in RATH’s Roppongi development office, doing a two thousand yen per hour part-time job.
“But…… isn’t it strange……?”
After a brief moment of relief, I tilted my head again.
The operator, Higa certainly said that in order to prevent the contamination to the test data, the real world memories of Kirigaya Kazuto would have to be blocked. But currently, what I can’t recall is just one day, from sending Asuna off until I go into STL at RATH the next day, it’s far from saying blocked.
Also —— yes, since the final test is approaching, didn’t I decide to quit this part-time job to have time for studying? I don’t think I’m a person who easily breaks my promise with Asuna after one day because of a good hourly wage.
Moreover, from this situation, even though this is STL’s test Dive, it’s no doubt that some problem had occurred. I looked into the blue sky between the gaps in the treetops and shouted in a loud voice,
“Higa-san, if you’re monitoring, stop the Dive for a moment! Looks like a problem has occurred!”
I stood like that, waiting for more than ten seconds.
However, the countless leaves continued swaying under the serene sunlight, the butterflies continued flapping their wings drowsily, there was no change to the scenery.
“……Uu……perhaps, this is……”
I groaned in a low voice to a certain possibility I suddenly realized.
Perhaps I have agreed to this experiment —— is that the case?
In other words, in order to obtain data about the action I would take if I was in a place where I couldn’t be sure if I was in reality or a virtual world, they blocked my memory right before the Dive and threw me into a super real different world created by STL.
If that was the case, I felt like slapping my head who had easily agreed to that evil experiment. It wouldn’t be wrong to say that it was shallow to think that I could effortlessly come up with an accurate and swift way to escape from this situation.
I counted the percentage of possibilities which could sufficiently explain the current situation as I folded the fingers on my right hand.
“Hmm…… the possibility of this being reality is… 3 percent. The present VR world… 7 percent. My agreement to test Dive in STL… 20 percent. A sudden accident during the Dive… 69.9999 percent……”
In my mind, I added the final 0.0001 percent possibility that I had lost into a real different world. And that was the limit I could squeeze out of my little wisdom. In order to obtain more information, I would have to brave the dangers and try to contact other humans or game players or test Divers.
So it was time to take action.
First, I want to moisten my dry throat which has protested up until now. I turned my body around on the center of the grass covered ground I was standing on. The direction where a faint streaming sound came from, judging by the sun’s location, would probably be the east.
Before I started moving, my right hand searched my back again, of course there was not a single stick there, let alone a sword. I kicked the hopelessness away as I put my right foot out, it was just in ten steps that I reached the end of the grass covered ground. I passed through the two old trees which rose as if they were natural gateposts, and stepped into the gloomy forest.
The forest floor was covered in a velvet-like thick moss, the space felt suspiciously strange. The leaves of overgrown trees obstructed almost all sunlight, it was just narrow beams of golden light that managed to reach the ground. The butterflies dancing over the grass were replaced with strange beetles which looked like dragonflies or moths, they glided soundlessly in the air. Occasionally, a sound of something from somewhere reached my ears. It was a scene I didn’t think could be earth in the real world.
I walked for about fifteen minutes while praying that a hostile large animal or monster would not venture out. I felt greatly relieved when the path that had a deluge of sunlight came into view. As the sound of water became clear, I was certain that up ahead would be a river. I naturally quickened my feet while suppressing my dry throat.
The moment I rushed out of the dense forest, separated by a three meter wide area of grass, was the surface of water, in which the silver light of the sun bounced off and entered my eyes.
“W-Water—”
With a miserable groan, I unsteadily walked along the final distance, before throwing my body down onto the soft undergrowth riverside.
“Uo……”
I unintentionally raised a sound once I laid on my stomach.
What a beautiful stream. The river wasn’t wide, as I slowly crawled, I could see the stunning transparency of the water current. Like a drop of blue paint hanging on pure lack of color, I could clearly see white sands of the riverbed through the extremely clear mountain stream.
Up until several seconds ago, with the remaining small possibility that this place was the real world, I would have to consider the dangers of drinking unboiled water. However, watching the stream which looked as if it was from melted crystals, unable to resist the temptation, my right hand plunged into the river’s surface. With a high-pitched sound as if it was cutting the cold water, my right hand poured the liquid into my mouth.
Could this be called sweet? I couldn’t feel any impurities at all, the faint sweet and fresh taste of water made me no longer want to buy mineral water from convenience stores ever again. After using both hands to dip in the water in rapid succession, I finally put my mouth into the water surface.
While thinking that this was exactly the taste of the water of life, in the corner of my mind, the possibility that this place was a virtual world created from the current FullDive machine was completely eliminated.
That was because, for the most recent machine now —— namely, the AmuSphere, it was impossible to recreate liquid to this perfection. A polygon was an infinite number of coordinates forming a leveled surface before connecting to each other to create an object, it wasn’t suitable to reproduce the randomness and complicated shape of water. However, the state of water swaying in my hands, spilling, and flowing down had no trace of artificiality in it at all.
I also want to drop the possibility that this is the real world—— while thinking so, I raised my body and looked around again. Such a clean river, the fantastic forest that continues along the opposite bank, and those vividly colored small animals, I don’t think exist anywhere on earth. In general, isn’t nature the thing that if touched by human hands will become a harsh environment? Also, is there any reason that I have yet to be bitten by an insect, even though I wandered around for a while dressed lightly like this?
——As I thought this, I had a feeling that the STL would summon a large horde of poisonous insects, I stood up while shaking that thought off. After I readjusted the possibility of this place being the real world down to one percent, Now, I looked to my left and right.
The flow of the river drew a gradual curve from the north to the south. The end of both directions were swallowed by groups of big trees. However, from its cleanliness, coolness, and width, I thought the source of the river should be quite close. If that was the case, the possibility of houses or towns existing downstream should be high.
It’d be easy if I had a boat… I thought as I started to walk downstream —— at that time,
The breeze that changed direction slightly carried an odd sound into my ears.
Something hard, either a big tree or something similar was struck, that kind of sound. It wasn’t just once. I listened to the regular paced sound that had about a four second interval.
It isn’t from an animal nor a natural source. It’s almost certainly a man-made sound. It should be the sound of someone cutting a tree in this forest. But trying to approach might be dangerous, I made a bitter smile after thinking for a moment. This isn’t an MMORPG world where fighting and killing is recommended anyway. Getting into contact with other people and obtaining information is currently the option at top priority.
I made a half circle turn toward the upstream of the river, where the dry echoes came from.
Suddenly, I had a feeling that I saw a strange scene.
On the right was a rippling surface of a river. A dense and deep forest on the left. In front was a green path extending to somewhere.
There, three children were walking side by side. Between a black haired boy and a light brown haired boy, a girl wearing a straw hat had her long golden hair swaying dazzlingly. Under the full mid summer sunlight, the gold radiance scattered freely.
Is this —— memory……?
Far away, the days which wouldn’t return. The eternal trust they vowed to do everything to protect, but like ice dropped into sunlight, abruptly vanishing——
Those nostalgic days.

Part 2[edit]
Just as I blinked once, the illusory scene abruptly disappeared, just like when it had appeared.
What was that just now? Even though the illusion had already disappeared, the overflowing feeling of nostalgia wouldn’t leave, the middle of my chest felt tight and painful.
A childhood memory—— I had a strong feeling when I saw the back of the three children walking along the river bank. The black haired boy walking on the right, wasn’t that me?
But such a thing can’t be possible. As there are no deep forests nor that clear river in Kawagoe, where I live, and I never had friends with those hair colors either. And before that, all three children were wearing the same fantasy clothes I’m wearing too.
If this is inside the STL, the illusion just now is the memory from the continuous Diving on the first weekend? But even thinking of it that way, due to the STL’s Fluctlight Acceleration function, I should have been inside for ten days at most. Such a short time wouldn’t be able to cause that throbbing pain in the chest from nostalgia like just now.
The situation seemed to proceed further and further into an inexplicable direction. Am I really who I thought I am? as such doubt returned to me, I fearfully looked into the surface of the river beside me, however, I couldn’t see the difference as the face reflected off the undulated stream was distorted.
As I tried to forget the prickly pain of the remaining memory for now, the continuous sound that reached my ears became clear. When I tried to listen to it again, this sound also made me feel nostalgic, but I didn’t know if I had heard this sound of wood being cut before. I shook my head slightly before starting to walk upstream again.
While I was moving both feet single-mindedly, I had a chance to enjoy the beautiful scenery once more, then I noticed that my direction had veered off to the left. Apparently, the source of the sound wasn’t from the river bank, but seemed to be a place slightly deeper inside the forest on my left.
The strange sound I tried to count on my fingers didn’t continue to echo constantly. It repeated for exactly fifty times, then was followed by a gap of about three minutes, before resuming another fifty times. Finally I was certain that it could be nothing but a human-made sound.
During the three minutes of silence, I walked in the general direction of the sound, then made some minor adjustments when the sound resumed. I had already separated from the river bank and returned to within the forest. I proceeded silently as I reunited with the strange dragonflies, the blue lizards and the giant mushrooms.
“……Forty-nine, ……fifty…”
An unaware low voice counted at the exact same time as the fiftieth strike had ended, it was then I noticed that the gap in the grove of the trees up ahead became brighter. So that’s the forest exit? Or it could possibly be a village.I quickened my feet toward the light.
I clambered over the tree roots which were raised up like stairs and when my face came out of the shadow of the old tree trunk, in front of my eyes was —— a scene that could be said to be unbelievable.
Although the forest ended right there, there was no village. However I didn’t have time to feel disappointed, as I absentmindedly stared with my mouth open.
It was a circular open glade in the forest. It was certainly wider than the place I woke up a while ago. The diameter should be about thirty meters. Also, the ground which was covered in green and golden moss was different from the forest I had walked past, there were no ferns, vines, nor short shrubs at all.
Then, at the center of the clearing, my gaze was fixed on something that rose up high.
What a huge tree!
Estimating with my eyes, its diameter shouldn’t be less than four meters. The trees I saw until now in this forest were all broadleaf trees with rugged and gnarled trunks, but the huge tree stretched high up in front of my eyes was a needle-leaved tree. Its bark was of a dark color close to black, and upon looking up, I could see that its branches spread out over each other high up into the sky. While I thought the Jomon cedar in Yakushima and the sequoia cedar in America I saw from images and videos were huge, I didn’t think the overwhelming presence of this tree could be something in the realm of nature, and I felt that it emanated the presence of an emperor.
My gaze went from the top part, which completely obstructed the view above it, back to its base. I noticed the roots that were like big snakes wriggling about spread like a mesh in all direction, barely reaching the forest boundary where I stood. Or rather, as this tree had absorbed all the fertility, no other plant but moss could grow, resulting in the large clearing in the middle of the forest.
Thinking about intruding into the garden of the emperor made me waver slightly, but the temptation to touch the trunk of the great tree led my feet forward. Although I tripped several times due to the meandering roots below the moss, it didn’t stop me from looking up above my head, I slowly proceeded.
I, who was approaching the trunk of the great tree while sighing many times in admiration, had completely forgotten to be cautious about the surroundings. As a result, it was already too late by the time I realized it.
“————!?”
My line of sight, which suddenly returned to looking straight ahead, met the face of someone whose pupils were watching me from behind the tree trunk. I swallowed my breath. Being startled, I retreated half a step before falling to the ground. My right hand was about to take something from my back, but of course, there was no sword.
Fortunately, it seemed the first person I met in this world didn’t show hostility nor caution, just tilting his head in wonder.
His age should be the same as mine —— I looked at the boy, aged around seventeen, or eighteen. His soft-looking ash brown hair was slightly wavy. His clothes were the same unbleached short sleeved tunic and trousers as mine. He used the roots of the tree as a bench to sit on, and in his right hand was something round.
What was strange was his appearances. Although his skin was cream colored, he couldn’t be considered a westerner and at the same time, he couldn’t be an easterner either. I looked at the dark green eyes on his thin and tender features.
The moment I saw his face, my head…… the insides of my soul felt a throbbing pain. However, that feeling vanished as soon as I tried to catch it. I patiently tried to forget it, as for now, I opened my mouth to declare that I had no hostility against him. ——But, what should I say? And before that, what language should I use? I had no idea at all. As I opened and closed my mouth repeatedly like an idiot, the boy spoke first,
“Who are you? Where did you come from?”
That slightly foreign intonation was —— in perfect Japanese.
I received the same shock as when I first looked at the jet black great tree, and became absentminded for a while. In this place, which no matter how I looked, wasn’t Japan, hearing my native language in this different world was something I didn’t expect at all. Once I got used to hearing the words flowing out of the mouth of this boy, who was wearing exotic clothes akin to western Europe during the Middle Ages, it felt like non-reality, as if I had jumped into a dubbed western film.
However, this was not a situation I could become engrossed in. This was where I practiced thinking. I began to desperately rotate my brain, which I felt had become rusty these days.
Assuming this world is a virtual world created by STL, in other words, «Underworld». The boy in front of me is either, ① a test player during the Dive, and possesses the real world memories just like me, ② a test player but his memories were restricted, becoming a resident of this world, or ③ an NPC being operated by the program.
If it’s the first then it’d be quick. Just explain my strange situation to him and ask him for a way to log out.
But if it’s the second or third, the situation won’t be that easy. Toward the human that acts as an inhabitant of Underworld or an NPC, if I suddenly said something he couldn’t understand like Soul Translator’s abnormality or a way to log out, it might cause an intense cautiousness which will make gathering information later on become difficult.
So, it’s necessary to choose some safe words to talk to this boy and assert his position. As I secretly wiped the cold sweat off my palm using my trousers, I put on a smiling face and opened my mouth,
“Umm…… my name is……”
I hesitated for a moment. Japanese style or western style, what is the common way used in this world? I then gave my name while praying that it would be suitable for both ways,
“——Kirito. I came from over there, but at the moment I’m a bit lost……”
As I spoke, I pointed at a direction behind me, probably to the south, and the boy looked at me in surprise. After placing the round object in his right hand down, he stood up with an agile movement, then pointed in the same direction as me.
“There…… the southern forest? Are you from Zakkaria?”
“N-No… it’s not like that.”
My face became stiff at the sudden dilemma, but I managed to answer,
“That, erm…… I also don’t know where I came from…… I found myself collapsed in the middle of the forest when I woke up……”
‘Oh, is something wrong with STL? Just wait for a sec, I’ll connect to the operator.’ ——was a reply I had expected from the bottom of my heart, however, the boy still looked surprised, he asked while still gazing at my face,
“Hmm…… don’t know where you come from…… what about the town you were living in up until now……?”
“A-Ah…… I can’t remember. The only thing I know is my name……”
“……That’s a surprise…… The «Vector’s Prank», huh. Even though I’ve heard about it before…… but this is the first time I have actually seen it.”
“V-Vector… prank……?”
“Eh, you’ve never heard about it from your hometown? It’s what my village calls a person who one day suddenly disappears, then later on, suddenly appears in the forest or the field. The god of darkness Vector loves to play pranks on humans by kidnapping them, pulling out their memories before throwing them out in a faraway land. Longgg ago, an old woman in my village disappeared.”
“H-Heh…… Then it’s possible that I’m also like that……”
My situation is getting more suspicious, I nodded as I thought so. The boy in front of me no longer seemed to be a test player who was role playing. As my emotion was driven up the wall, I started saying something a little more dangerous,
“Also…… there’s some trouble, and I want to get out of here once. But… I don’t know how to do so……”
I desperately prayed that this would make him understand the situation, the sympathy showed in the boy’s green eyes as he nodded while saying,
“Yeah, not knowing the way, it’s natural to get lost in this deep forest. But it’s alright, if you go north from here, you will find a road.”
“N-No… erm……”
Well, just do it then, I said out the main keyword,
“……I want to log out.”
To the word I bet my ray of hope on, the boy tilted his head before asking,
“Log…… what was it? What do you mean?”
It seems it’s confirmed by this.
He is either a test player that is a pure inhabitant without any idea about this being the «Virtual world», or an NPC. While I was careful not to let my disappointment show on my face, I somehow added on a few words to deceive him,
“S-Sorry, it seems I used the wrong wording for this region. Hmm…… I mean is there a village or a town somewhere I could stay in.”
It was painful for me to say it. The boy then nodded in appreciation.
“Heh…… It’s the first time I heard such a word. Your black hair is also unusual around here…… it could be possible that you were born in the south.”
“Y-Yeah, that may be so.”
I gave a stiff smile as I looked at the boy who was smiling without any ill will, then, he frowned in pity.
“Hmmm, a place to stay. Although my village is just to the north, as there are no travellers around here, there is no inn. But…… if you explained your circumstances, perhaps Sister Azariya would help you and let you stay in the church.”
“I-Is that so, that’s great.”
Those were my true feelings. If there was a village, it could be possible that there might be staff from RATH Diving in, or they might be monitoring the village from the outside.
“Then I’ll go to the village. Is it directly north from here?”
My gaze moved towards the almost opposite direction to where I had came from and there I saw a narrow path stretched out before me. However, before my feet could start moving, the boy made a gesture using his left hand to stop me.
“Ah, wait a bit. There are guards at the village, it might be difficult to explain if you suddenly went there alone. I’ll go with you and help explain the circumstances.”
“That would help a lot, thank you.”
I smiled as I thanked him, at the same time, muttered in my mind, Apparently you’re not an NPC. Your replies are too natural for the pseudo-personality program which can only act on the preset responses, and the active action toward me just now also wasn’t NPC-like.
Although I don’t know whether he Dives from the development office in Roppongi, or from the main office somewhere in the bay area, the owner of the Fluctlight which moved the boy in front of me has a really kind personality. As soon as I escape safely, I want to thank him properly.
As I was thinking about this, the boy made a gloomy face again.
“Ah…… but, I still can’t go right now though…… As I’m still working……”
“Work?”
“Yeah. I’m on a break now.”
I moved my gaze to something wrapped with cloth beside the boy’s feet, two items of which one seemed to be a portion of round bread could be seen, So that’s what he held at first. while the other object was just a water canteen made from leather, a pretty simple menu for a lunch.
“Ah, did I disturb your meal?”
I shrank my neck, while the boy smiled timidly.
“If you can wait until I finish work, I’ll accompany you to ask Sister Azariya to let you stay at the church…… but it would be about four more hours.”
I actually wanted to go to the village and search for the person who could explain this situation to me as soon as possible, but the feeling that I wanted to avoid having further conversations that were like treading on thin ice was even greater. Four hours wasn’t a short time but when thinking about the consciousness acceleration function of STL, the time in reality that would elapse would be about an hour and several minutes.
Also, for a reason I didn’t understand, I also felt like I wanted to talk with this kind boy a bit more. I nodded as I said,
“It’s fine, I’ll wait. I may cause you trouble, but I’ll be in your care.”
Then, a smile brighter than earlier appeared on the boy’s face as he nodded in return.
“I see, then… just sit there for a while. Ah…… I still haven’t told you my name.”
The boy extended his right hand, as he continued,


“I’m Eugeo. Nice to meet you, Kirito-kun.”

As I grabbed his strong hand, which contrasted with his slender looks, I repeated the boy’s name several times in my mouth. It wasn’t in my memories, I didn’t know what language it came from, but somehow I felt the name was familiar with my tongue for some reason.
The boy who called himself Eugeo pulled his hand back and returned to sit at the base of the great tree, before taking out the round bread from the cloth wrapping and offering it me.
“N-No, I can’t…”
I hurriedly waved my hands, but the boy showed no sign of withdrawal.
“Kirito-kun must be hungry, right? You haven’t eaten anything yet, have you?”
Just as he said that, I unintentionally held my hand over my abdomen to suppress the overwhelming hunger. Even though the water from river tasted good, I couldn’t say it could fill me up.
“No… but……”
I was still refraining myself, but the hand pressed the bread forward even more, I then accepted it unavoidably. The boy —— Eugeo grinned and shrugged.
“It’s okay. Even though I said it like I want you to eat, in truth, I don’t like this anyway.”
“……Then I’ll gratefully accept. To be honest, I’m really hungry to the point where I could collapse at anytime.”
‘That’s what I thought,’ As Eugeo laughed and sat down on the root in front of the tree, I added,
“Also, just Kirito is fine.”
“Oh? Then you can just call me Eugeo too…… Ah, just wait a bit.”
Eugeo lifted his left hand to stop me from putting the round bread into my mouth.
“……?”
“Well, since it’s not the ‘Pan’ that can last long, just to be sure.”
As he said that, Eugeo’s left hand moved while his right hand held the bread up. His index and middle fingers stretched and aligned neatly with the other folded fingers. With his hand in that shape, he drew a trace which looked like the alphabets S and C in mid-air.
In front of me, who was watching dumbfounded, his two fingers tapped lightly on the bread which made a strange metal striking sound and a pale purple translucent rectangle appeared. Its width was about fifteen centimeters, while the height was about eight centimeters. According to my knowledge, this familiar looking rectangle, along with the alphabets and Arabic numerals being displayed on it using a simple font I could understand right away. This was —— without a doubt, the so-called «Status Window».
With my mouth left opened, I thought to myself,
——Then it’s concluded. This place isn’t reality nor the real other world, but the virtual world.
My body felt lightened with relief as soon as that acknowledgement had settled down at the bottom of my abdomen. Now I’m ninety-nine percent convinced. Really, without this clear evidence, the anxiety would eat up my whole body.
While the circumstances about the Dive still remained unknown, in the meantime, I had better get used to this virtual world and enjoy the situation. First off, I should try opening that window, I stretched two fingers of my left hand straight.
I imitated what I saw by tracing the S and C shape, fearfully tapping my bread, resulting in a sound resembling that of a bell’s, and a purple window floated up. I brought my face close and gazed at it.
The displayed string of characters were unusually simple. It was just [Durability: 7]. I could easily understand that it was the endurance value of this bread. As I thought what would happen when the value reached zero while gazing at the figure; in front of me, Eugeo doubtfully asked,
“Hey, Kirito. Don’t tell me this is the first time you have see the sacred arts of «Stacia Window»?”
When I lifted my face, I saw Eugeo with his head tilted as he held the bread in one hand, his window had already disappeared. I quickly made a face that looked like ‘Don’t say something nonsensical like that.’ When I touched the surface of the window, it turned into sparks of light and scattered away, I felt slightly relieved.
Fortunately, Eugeo didn’t show any more doubt and nodded.
“There’s still quite a lot of «Life» left, so there’s no need to hurry eating it. But if this was summer, it wouldn’t have this much remaining though.”
Perhaps the «Life» he mentioned is the number displayed next to the item’s durability, and the status window displaying those is called «Stacia Window». Seeing the action command that called the window out being declared as sacred arts, Eugeo wouldn’t know that was the function of the system, but acknowledged them as a religious or magical phenomenon.
There’re still many things to think about, but better shelve them for now and deal with my near-term hunger first.
“Then, itadakimasu.”
I brought the bread into my opened mouth as soon as I finished saying that, but the hardness of the bread caused my eyes to darken. However, I couldn’t spit it out either, so I forcefully bit and tore it off. I was unintentionally impressed by the sense of wobbling teeth in this realistic virtual world.
It was similar or perhaps even harder than the whole grain bread bought by my younger sister, Suguha. The hungry me operated my jaw to chew the thing which was crunchier than necessary, although its taste was passable. With some butter, or a slice of cheese…… no, just grilling it a little bit should be much better, as I thought various ungrateful things, Eugeo, who also frowned while biting the bread, said as he gave a bitter smile.
“It’s not very good, right?”
I hurriedly shook my head.
“N-No, it’s not like that.”
“It’s fine, no need to force yourself. I usually buy them from the Pan shop in the village before leaving, but as I leave in the early morning they only have the Pan left over from yesterday for sale. At noon, I don’t have enough time to go back to the village either……”
“Heh…… Then it should be better to bring a boxed-lunch from home……”
To my casual words, Eugeo lowered his eyes with the bread in his hand. I shrank my neck unsure if I blurted something rude, fortunately, he soon lifted up his face and gave a little smile.
“A very longgg time ago…… at noon, there was a person who would bring a boxed-lunch here. But now……”
The green pupils shook, they were filled with a great sense of loss, in that moment, I forgot that this was the artificial world as I leaned my body forward.
“That person… what happened……?”
After I asked, Eugeo looked toward the treetop far above his head in silence for a while, then he slowly moved his lips,
“……My childhood friend. The girl, who was the same age as me…… we were always playing together from morning until evening since we were young. Even after I was given the Sacred Task, she would still bring a boxed-lunch here everyday…… But… six years ago…… during my eleventh summer an Integrity Knight came to our village…… and took her to the capital……”
Integrity Knight. Capital.
Those words of unknown nature were the kind that bore the mark of those who maintained the regularity and the capital of this world, I stayed silent to encourage him to continue.
“It was…… my fault. On one rest day, we both went to explore the northern cave…… but we got lost on the way back and ended up on the other side of the Mountain range at the Edge. You know, right? The Dark Territory where it is written in the Taboo Index not to set our foot on. Although I didn’t exit the cave, she tripped and her palm pressed on the ground outside…… But just because of that… the Integrity Knight came to the village and tied her up in chains in front of everyone……”
Eugeo crushed the half-eaten bread in his right hand.
“……I wanted to help her. I thought it was fine if he took me along with her, and planned to use the axe to attack him…… but… hands too… feet too… I couldn’t move them. All I did was just… watch her being taken away… without saying anything……”
His face was void of any expression as he gazed up into the sky for a while but soon after, a faint self-deprecating smile floated to his lips. He then tossed the crushed bread into his mouth and chewed it while looking downward.
I didn’t know what I should say, so I also took a bite of the bread, and thought as I chewed with all my strength.
The existence of the status window proved that this is a virtual world created by the realistic technology, it could be some experiment by someone. However, why did such an «Event» like this happen? After I swallowed the bread, I hesitantly asked,
“……Do you know what happened to her……?”
Eugeo shook his head slightly as he faced downward.
“The Integrity Knight said she’d be executed after the interrogation…… But, what kind of execution, I don’t know. I once… heard from her father, the village chief Gasupht…… that she is already dead…… ——But Kirito, I believe that she’s still alive.”
The next moment,
“Alice is… definitely alive and is somewhere in the capital……”
I inhaled sharply the moment I heard that name.
Again, I felt a strange feeling running in the center of my head. A sense of irritation. A sense of loneliness. And more than those, a sense of nostalgia that shook my soul——
It’s just my delusion. I persuaded myself, It’s just what remained after the shock. There is no reason for me to have a personal relationship with Eugeo’s childhood friend, or in other words, «Alice» who is the inhabitant of this world. Surely it was just the reaction to the common name Alice. Yes —— didn’t Asuna tell me yesterday at Dicey Café? «RATH», the company which developed the STL, and the virtual world «Underworld», weren’t those names taken from the novel『Alice in Wonderland』?
Her name fitting with the other two names is a surprising coincidence, there might be a meaning behind it. Also, I noticed another piece of information from Eugeo’s words.
Just now he said six years ago, when he was eleven. It means that he’s now seventeen, but that’s just too long —— his manner of speech is like he has all the memories of those ten years of life, just like me.
But something like that can’t be possible. From what I’ve been told, the Fluctlight acceleration function could speed up to three time, in order to simulate this world for seventeen years, it would require six years in the real world. However, it shouldn’t have been three months since the roll-out of the STL experimental machine yet.
What should I think about this?
This isn’t the STL I know, but inside of an unknown FullDive machine, moreover, it has been running for seventeen years. Or, maybe what I’ve heard about the FLA function being three times was a mistake, and it actually could accelerate more than thirty times. But either of them is equally unbelievable.
Inside my head, anxiety and curiosity were rapidly expanding. I wanted to log out right now and ask the person outside to explain the situation, on the other hand, I also wanted to stay inside and continue chasing after the questions.
After I swallowed the last piece of the bread, I fearfully asked Eugeo,
“Then…… don’t you want to go looking for her? At that… capital.”
I thought ‘Crap,’ right after I asked that. As my words pulled out an unexpected reaction from Eugeo.
The light brown haired boy looked at my face absentmindedly for several seconds then soon after, he whispered ‘Unthinkable.’
“……This Rulid village is at the north edge of the northern empire. Going to the capital to the south, even if we used a fast horse it would still take a week. If we walked, it’ll take two days to reach the closest town, Zakkaria. It’s impossible to reach that place even if I leave the village on the dawn of a rest day.”
“Then…… just make some proper preparations for a long journey……”
“Hey Kirito… You look similarly aged as me, weren’t you given a Sacred Task at the village you live in? Abandoning the Sacred Task and going out on a travel isn’t something we can do, is it?”
“……T-That’s true.”
While I was nodding, I carefully observed Eugeo’s reactions.
It’s obvious from the start that this boy isn’t just a simple NPC. From his abundance of expressions and his natural replies, he couldn’t be anything but a real human.
But at the same time, his actions seemed to be bound to absolute rules which are more effective than the law in the real world. Yes, it’s similar to how the NPC in VRMMO can’t deviate from within their movement boundary.
Eugeo said he wasn’t arrested because he didn’t trespass into the area restricted by the «Taboo Index». In other words, that Index is the absolute rules which binds him, perhaps it has direct control over Fluctlight. While I don’t know what his Sacred Task…, no, what his occupation is, I couldn’t imagine what job would be more important than the life and death of the girl who was always together with him since birth.
To confirm it, I carefully selected my words and asked Eugeo, who was drinking from the water canteen,
“Umm, in Eugeo’s village, other than Alice-san, is there anyone else who broke the Taboo…… Index and was taken to the capital?”
Eugeo made rounded eyes again, before wiping his mouth and shaking his head.
“Nope. In the three hundred years history of Rulid, the only time the Integrity Knight ever came to the village was six years ago, this is what Garitta-jiisan said.”
As he finished his words, he passed me the leather canteen. I received it and pulled off the cork-like plug after thanking him. I then brought it to my mouth and drank the liquid, which wasn’t cold but had a fragrance, as if it was mixed with lemon and herb. After three gulps, I returned the canteen to Eugeo.
While I wiped my mouth with an innocent look, the insides of my chest were blown by the storm of surprise for god knew how many times.
————Three hundred years!?
Without the so-called «Setting», but instead actually simulating across that long period, then the actual acceleration of the FLA function should be several hundred times…… or might even reach a thousand times. In that case, if that rate was applied during my continuous Dive test on the first weekend, how much time could I actually feel inside? At the same time I shuddered, I felt light goosebumps on my arms, but I didn’t have time to admire that realistic physiological reaction.
As I obtained more information, the mystery seemed even more complex. Is Eugeo actually a human, or a program? Also, what exactly is the purpose of creating this world——
I couldn’t know more than this without going to the village Eugeo calls Rulid and making contact with other people. From there, it’d be great if I could meet people from RATH who know of the situation…… As I thought so, I somehow managed to smile before saying to Eugeo,
“Thanks for the food. But I’m sorry I took half of your lunch.”
“No, don’t worry. I’m quite sick of that Pan anyway.”
He replied with a very natural smile as he quickly collected the lunch wrapping.
“Then, sorry but just wait for a while. Until I finish my afternoon work.”
Eugeo said as he stood up with an agile movement, I then asked,
“Now you mentioned it, Eugeo’s work…… the Sacred Task, what is it?”
“Ah, right…… you can’t see from over there.”
Eugeo smiled again while beckoning me. I tilted my head as I stood up and walked around the trunk of the great tree behind him.
Then, being struck by another surprise, my mouth was left wide open.
On the trunk of the huge tree, which was as black as a dark night, there was a cut about twenty percent or more into its diameter —— around a meter deep. The black wood inside was reminiscent of coal, the thick layers of the annual tree rings were glossy like metal.
My gaze moved down from the cut, to an axe set against the trunk. Although its simple single-edged shape wasn’t used for battle, the very large axe blade and the long handle were both made from the same greyish-white material. As I stared at its mysterious radiance, like it was a stainless steel matte finish, I somehow felt it was carved from a single lump of the raw material.
Eugeo’s right hand grabbed the axe by it’s handle which was bound with black shiny leather, and shouldered it. He then walked to the left edge of the one and a half meter cut, spread his legs, lowered his waist, and tightly clenched his hands on the grip.
The slim body bent, the axe, which was drawn greatly backward, took a moment to gather the momentum before it sharply tore the air. The blade, which looked heavy, cleanly hit at the center of the cut, Gaan! a clear high-pitched metallic sound reverberated. No doubt, this is the true nature of the strange sound that led me here. A wood cutting sound, my baseless intuition was correct.
In front of me, who was observing in admiration, it could be said Eugeo handled his body perfectly, he repeatedly hit while maintaining the pace and trajectory beyond the accuracy of a machine. Drawing back took two seconds, gathering force one second, swinging one second. His chain of actions were so fluent it was as if the sword skills also existed in this world.
Exactly fifty times at a pace of four seconds each time, the axe continued hitting for two hundred seconds, and after the final strike, Eugeo pulled the axe out of the deep cut and let out a long breath. He then set the tool against the trunk and sat on top of the root nearby. The beads of sweat on his forehead were shining as he caught his breath. While I was watching him, I thought swinging that axe must be more difficult than I had imagined.
I waited for his breathing to settle before asking,
“So Eugeo’s work…… no, Sacred Task is «Woodcutter»? Is it cutting the trees in this forest?”
Taking a handkerchief out of the pocket of his clothes and wiping his face, Eugeo titled his head slightly and replied after thinking for a moment,
“Yeah, well… it can be said like that. But the tree concerning the Sacred Task that I have spent seven years trying to cut down is just this one.”
“Ehh?”
“The name of this huge tree is «Gigas Cedar» in the sacred words. But the elderly in the village call it the evil tree.”
……Sacred words? Giga……Scedar……?
Eugeo gave an understanding smile toward me, who was in doubt, as he pointed straight upward to the treetop far overhead.
“The reason they call it as such is because it absorbs all of Terraria’s blessing from its surrounding ground. So nothing but moss would live under the branches of this tree, and the trees within range of its shadow wouldn’t grow taller either.”
Terraria, while I don’t know what that is, it seems my first impression after I saw this tree and the clearing isn’t wrong. I nodded to encourage him to continue.
“The adults in the village want to expand the wheat fields to this forest. But it’s futile as long as this tree still stands. So they want to cut it down, but as expected from the evil tree, its trunk is terribly hard. If a normal steel axe is used, its blade would break and no longer be usable in just one hit. Because of that, they spent a large amount of money to order this axe, which was carved from an ancient dragon’s bone, from the capital, and assigned «Cutting duty» to someone to keep cutting at it here daily. And that would be me.”
I rotated my gaze between Eugeo, who carelessly said it, and the one quarter cut on the great tree.
“……It means, in the past seven years Eugeo spent every day trying to cut this tree, and you only got this far in that time?”
This time Eugeo made round eyes and shook his head in surprise.
“No way. If this cut required only seven years, then I’d feel a little more encouraged. Listen, I’m the seventh generation for this cutting duty. Ever since Rulid was found on this land, for three hundred years, each generation of the people with cutting duty came here everyday. Perhaps, the progress when I become a grandfather and pass over the axe to the eighth generation would be……”
Eugeo used his two hands to make a gap about twenty centimeters wide.
“About this much, I guess.”
I couldn’t even let my breath out anymore.
In a fantasy type MMO, even though the craftsman and miner production jobs were generally recognized as jobs which required enduring working single-mindedly, spending a whole life and still unable to cut down a single tree was just far beyond normal. As this was the artificial world, it must be someone’s intention to place this tree here, although for what purpose, I still had no idea at the moment.
——But, anyway, I had an itching feeling like something was crawling down my back.
Partly due to impulse, I said to Eugeo, who stood up and grabbed the axe after he had rested for three minutes.
“Hey, Eugeo…… could you let me try for a bit?”
“Eh?”
“Um, I took half of your lunch. So I should use my muscle to help with half of your work too, right?”
I felt as if it was my first time offering to help someone to do his work —— and it was probably so —— Eugeo had his mouth slightly opened, but soon after he hesitantly replied,
“Hmm…… well, although there’s no rules forbidding someone to help with the Sacred Task…… well, this is unexpectedly difficult. At first I couldn’t even strike at the right place.”
“We won’t know until we try, right?”
As I grinned, I stretched out my right hand and grabbed the handle of the «Dragon Bone Axe» which Eugeo held out while he still had a doubtful expression.
The axe was heavy, despite its looks that it was made out of bone, and weighed down my right hand. I quickly grabbed the leather grip with both hands and made a small swing to confirm the balance.
Even though I had never used an axe as my main weapon in SAO and ALO, I should be able to hit a stationary target without any problem. I stood on the left of the deep cut, then mimicked Eugeo’s pose by spreading my legs and slightly lowered my waist.
Eugeo still had a doubtful expression, but at the same time he also looked amused. After I had affirmed that he was far enough away, I lifted the axe high over my shoulders, then I clenched my teeth and put as much force as possible into my arms, before swinging the axe down, aiming at the center of the deep cut on the trunk of Giga Scedar.
Gagi, with a dull sound, the axe blade hit at a place about five centimeters away from the cut. Orange sparks scattered while a violent feedback assaulted my hands. I couldn’t bear it and dropped the axe, before putting both wrists, which were numb to the bone, between my feet and groaning,
“O-Ouch-ouch-ouch.”
Unsightly, looking at me who couldn’t even do a single strike, ‘Ahahaha……’ Eugeo laughed amusedly. When I turned my reproachful glance toward him, ‘Sorry,’ he indicated with his right hand, but still continued to laugh.
“……You don’t have to laugh that much……”
“Hahaha…… no, sorry sorry. Kirito, you didn’t use force from your shoulders and waist. You need to use force from your entire body…… hmm, how should I explain it……”
While watching Eugeo repeat a slow swinging movement of the axe, I belatedly realized my mistake. Perhaps the strict law of physics and the contraction of the muscle were not simulated in this world. As this was a realistic dream created by STL, the most important thing had to be the power of my imagination.
Finally as the numbness left my hands, I picked up the axe off my feet.
“Just watch, this time I will surely hit……”
As I grumbled, this time I tried as hard as possible not to be concerned about the force. I kept focusing on the movement of my entire body in my consciousness while I made a big and slow drawing movement. Before entering the motion of the horizontal slashing attack type sword skill, «Horizontal» which I used frequently in SAO, I drew power from twisting my waist which was added into the rotating momentum of my shoulders and passed through my wrists towards the blade of the axe… and striking into the tree——
This time I hit the tree bark far away from the cut, Gain, the axe bounced off after it made an unpleasant sound. However, my hands didn’t go numb like the first time, it seemed I had completely neglected the aim because I focused only on the movement of my body. This time too, Eugeo sure has more things to laugh at, I turned my head while thinking this, but Eugeo made an unexpectedly serious face as he gave a comment,
“Oo…… Kirito, just now wasn’t bad. But, you didn’t watch the axe as you swung. Your gaze must not move off the center of the cut. Try again before you forget it!”
“O-Okay.”
The next one was also crude. But after that, Eugeo still gave advice here and there as I continued swinging the axe, I forgot how many times it was before the axe finally managed to make a high-pitched metallic sound as it struck at the center of the cut, sending off some small black fragments.
After that I took turns with Eugeo and had a chance to watch fifty of his excellent axe swings. Then I took the axe and made another fifty swings.
We repeated this for some time, and by the time I realized it, the sun had already reached the horizon, and the clearing was bathed in a hazy, orange tinted light. As I drank the last gulp from the big water canteen, Eugeo also finished his last strike, and then said,
“Alright…… this makes two thousand.”
“Eh, we did that many?”
“Yeah. Five hundred from me, and five hundred from Kirito. Together with the morning part, striking the Gigas Cedar two thousand times each day, that’s my Sacred Task.”
“Two thousand times……”
I looked at the big cut on the jet black great tree again. No matter how I looked, it wasn’t any deeper than when we had first started. What an unrewarding job, while I was astonished, the cheerful voice of Eugeo came from behind.
“Actually, Kirito has good muscle. Of the last fifty times, you made a good sound two… three times. Thanks to you, today I had a lot of fun.”
“No…… but it should have finished a lot faster if Eugeo did it alone. Sorry, I was supposed to help but instead I was holding you back……”
I apologized in embarrassment, but Eugeo just smiled as he shook his head.
“Didn’t I tell you I couldn’t cut this tree down within my life span? Because half of the cut we did today would recover during the night…… Oh ya, I’ll show you something good. I’m not supposed to open it too often, though.”
While he said that, Eugeo approached the great tree and stretched his left hand. After he used two fingers to slice the symbol, he struck the black bark of the tree.
I see, this tree is also set up with durability, I rushed over to Eugeo as I thought that. Along with a bell-like sound, the status window floated out, no the «Stacia Window», I peeked at it along with Eugeo.
“Ue……”
I inadvertently groaned. The figure displayed on the window was some two hundred and thirty-two thousands, an absurd amount like that.
“Hmmm, it’s about fifty less than when I looked last month, huh……”
Indeed, Eugeo also said in a tired tone.
“Kirito, this means…… even if I spent a whole year striking it, the Life of Gigas Cedar would decrease by about six hundred. By the time I retire, over two hundred thousand would still remain. Now you understand…… just half a day of slightly less progress isn’t a big deal at all. My opponent isn’t just a tree, but the «Titanic great cedar» after all.”
When I heard those words, I realized the origin of the title of the Giga Scedar. It was a combination of Latin and English. The word didn’t cut at Giga, but Gigas Cedar…… the giant cedar.
In other words, to the boy who is standing before me, aside of the Japanese language he uses fluently, English and other languages are some kind of spell incantations, the «Sacred Words». Then perhaps he doesn’t realize that he is speaking in Japanese. The Underworld language…… no, the Norlangarth empire’s language? But wait a sec, just now he called the bread «Pan». Pan is probably not an English word…… is it Portuguese? Or Spanish?
As I was having a spree of derailed thoughts, before I noticed, Eugeo had already finished packing up and said,
“Kirito, sorry for the wait. Let’s go back to the village.”

After that, while shouldering the Dragon Bone Axe, and carrying the empty water canteen, as we walked back to the village Eugeo cheerfully talked about various things. About his predecessor, the elder named Garitta who was adept at using axe; about how he was slightly unhappy that the children of the same age in the village thought that Eugeo’s Sacred Task was easy; while I kept responding to his stories, my mind still focused on the same thought.
It was the question about what was the purpose of this world, how it was being operated.
If it is to verify the STL’s «Mnemonic Visual» technology, then it had already achieved perfection. As I already sense its indistinguishable from the reality all too well by now.
Regarding the internal time of this world, at least three hundred years had been simulated, the terrifying thing is that great tree —— considering the amount of Eugeo’s work could do against the durability of Gigas Cedar, I think it would continue for close to a thousand years.
While I don’t know what the upper limit the Fluctlight acceleration function can reach, in the worst case, the person who Dives into this world with sealed memories could spend the entire life inside. Certainly it wouldn’t cause any danger to the muscles in the real world, and as the memories were blocked until the time the Dive ended, the person would probably feel like it was just a vague «Long dream» —— however, what would happen to the soul, the Fluctlight which experienced that dream? The aggregation of light quanta which made up human consciousness, wouldn’t it also have a lifespan?
No matter how I think, what had been done to this world is just too overexerted, unreasonable, and inconsiderate.
By braving such danger, there must be a purpose —— but what is it? At Dicey café, Sinon said, to create just a realistic virtual space, the AmuSphere would already be feasible. There must be «Something» that could only be achieved by spending infinite time in the virtual world which matches the level of the real world——
I suddenly lifted my face, I could see the orange light spreading over the gap in the forest ahead of the narrow path. At the gap of the roadside near the exit, there was a building which seemed to be a storage hut standing there. Eugeo walked toward it and casually opened the door. As I took a peek from behind, there were a few ordinary iron axes, a small bladed tool which looked like a machete, and group of tools such as rope and a bucket, among them, there was an elongated leather package which I didn’t know the contents of.
Eugeo placed the «Dragon Bone Axe» between them, and closed the door shut. When he then turned around and came back to the path, I quickly asked,
“Eh, is it alright not to lock the door? It’s a very important axe, isn’t it?
Eugeo rounded his eyes in surprise.
“Lock? Why?”
“Why… wouldn’t it be stolen……”
I said until I finally realised. A thief didn’t exist. Because, it must be written in the «Taboo Index» he mentioned earlier to forbid the act of stealing. To me who had interrupted my own sentence, Eugeo made a serious look and gave an answer I was expecting,
“There is no way such a thing would happen. Because I’m the only one who opens this hut.”
‘That’s right,’ as I nodded in response, a question welled up in my mind.
“Err, but…… didn’t Eugeo say there are guards at the village? If there are no thieves then why is such a job needed?”
“Isn’t it obvious? To protect the village from the forces of darkness.”
“The forces of…… darkness……”
“Look over there, you see it, right?”
We just walked past under the last tree as Eugeo lifted up his right hand.
In front of my eyes were the wheat fields. They were still young, the green heads which had yet to swell were swaying in the wind. The scene which was greatly pleasing, in the dusk sunlight looked just like the sea. The path stretched into the meandering expanse of the fields, where I saw a small elevated hill far up ahead. When I focused on the hill which was surrounded by a grove of trees, I saw sand textured buildings gathered together and there was a noticeably tall tower at the center. Apparently, this seems to be where Eugeo lives, the Rulid village.
But where Eugeo pointed at was beyond the village —— at the faint pure white line of a mountain range in the far off distance. The steep mountain ridge which looked like a saw stretched to the left and right edges of my vision.
“That is the «Mountain range at the Edge». On its other side is the place where the light of Solus can’t reach, the land of darkness. Even at noon, the sky would be covered by dark clouds, the light from the heaven is red like blood. The ground, the trees, are all black like charcoal……”
Eugeo should have recalled a certain event in the distant past, as his voice became weak and trembled.
“……Living in the land of darkness are the cursed demi-humans like goblins and orcs, along with other terrifying monsters…… also, the dark knights who ride the black dragons. Of course the Integrity Knights who are protecting the mountain range have prevented them from invading, but sometimes, some seem to be able to slip through the underground caves. But I haven’t seen any yet though. Also, according to the legend from the Axiom Church…… once every one thousand years, when the light of Solus weakens, the forces of darkness led by the dark knights would cross the mountain range and start their attacks against us. In that great war, the guards in the village, the sentinels from all towns and the imperial army would be led by the Integrity Knights to fight against the hordes of monsters.”
As he tilted his head in doubt, Eugeo asked,
“……It’s the tale which even the smallest child in the village knows. Has Kirito also forgotten about this tale?”
“Y……Yeah, I felt like I heard about it before though…… just… a bit different in details, I guess.”
I fearfully tried to dodge his question, Eugeo expression changed into a smile like he had no doubt, before nodding.
“I see…… Perhaps, it could be possible that Kirito didn’t come from Norlangarth but one of the three other empires.”
“T-That may be so.”
While I was nodding, I tried to drive him off this dangerous topic and pointed to the hill which we were now considerably closer to.
“That is Rulid village, right? Where is Eugeo’s house?”
“What we see is the south gate, my house is near the west gate, so we can’t see it from here.”
“Hmm. The highest tower is… Sister…… Azariya’s church?”
“Yeah, that’s right.”
I focused my gaze at the top of the tower, there was a symbol which was a combination of a cross and a circle.
“It’s somehow… even more elegant than I had thought. Someone like me can really stay there?”
“Don’t worry. Sister Azariya is really great person.”
It might not be easy, but if Azariya-san had the same belief in the intrinsic goodness of other people like Eugeo, then the problem wouldn’t occur if I gave sensible responses. But, right now I’m the guy who lacks sensible ideas about this world.
Ideally, if Sister Azariya is the RATH’s resident observer, then the story would be easy. But perhaps, the staff whose purpose is to observe shouldn’t be assigned important roles like the village chief or the sister. The possibility that he would be one of the very plain villager is higher, I have to find out by any means possible.
But that’s only if they actually placed an observer in this small village…… as I worried, Eugeo and I crossed the moss covered stone bridge which spanned over the narrow waterway, and set foot into «Rulid village».
Part 3[edit]
"Here's a pillow and a blanket. If the weather is too cold, please move further into the house. Morning Prayer is at 6am, and breakfast starts at 7. You should come along to look, so try to wake up early. Also, going out after the lights are turned off is forbidden. Please take note of that."
A simple pillow and wool blanket came flying at me with the words that sounded like a torrent, and I hurriedly reached out to receive them.
I sat down on the bed, and the person standing in front of me was a girl that looked twelve. She's dressed in a black habit with a white collar, and the bright tea-colored hair grew down to the waist. The eyes that were of the same color as the hair were moving in a lively manner, but she seemed to change into a completely different person the moment she started to be in her Sister persona.
The girl called Selka was an apprentice Sister staying at the Church to learn the sacred arts. I didn't know whether she was also tasked to look after the other young boys and girls who also stayed in the church as her tone to me was as sharp as an older sister or a mother. I could only smile and endure this.
"Then, is there anything else you don't understand?"
"No, no problems. Thank you very much."
On hearing me thank her, Selka's expression eased slightly, only to quickly frown again.
"Then, good night—you know how to turn the lamp off, right?"
"...Ahh. Good night, Selka."
Selka nodded again and moved out of the room in her slightly oversized habit. I waited for the sound of her footsteps to go further away before heaving a long sigh.
The place I'm staying at was a room on the second level of the church that was hardly used. It's about 6 tatamis wide, and the room itself had a bed made of cast iron, a table set with a chair, a small bookshelf and a cupboard. I put the wool blanket and the pillow on my knees onto the bedsheet, put both hands behind my head and laid on the bed. The lamp above my head let out a creaking sound as it swayed.
"What exactly is going on here..."
What's going on? I muttered these words in my heart and recalled everything that happened ever since I was sent into this village.
Eugeo brought me to this village, and we first went to the Guard Sentry Point near the gate. There was a young man who was of a similar age as Eugeo over there called Jink, and he gave me suspicious look at first, but after hearing that I was a «Vector's lost child», he immediately agreed to let me in.
But as Eugeo was explaining, my eyes were fixed on that simple long sword on Jink's waist, and didn't actually hear about what they were talking about. I really wanted to borrow that slightly old long sword from him and try out whether the me in this world — or more accurately, the virtual swordsman Kirito's sword skills could still be used. It couldn't be helped that I had such an impulse, but I finally managed to control the urge.
Eugeo and I then left the Sentry Point, and I endured the cautious and bewildered stares of the villagers as I walked down the main street. I kept hearing questions like 'who is he', as Eugeo stopped to explain to everyone. We spent about 30 minutes walking before reaching the central plaza of this village. On the way, we even met an old lady carrying a large basket, and she immediately started saying things like 'such a poor kid' the moment she saw us and took an apple (or what looked like it) and stuffed it into my hand, making me feel a slight sense of guilt.
The sun had almost set below the horizon by the time we reached the church that was built on the hill and formed a part of the village. We knocked on the door, and a Sister appeared, looking like sternness-personified. This is the Sister Azariya I heard of. I looked at her, and immediately thought of the Minchin-sensei that appeared in the «Little Princess». THIS CAN'T DO! I yelled inside my heart. However, the Sister immediately took me in, which was really not what I expected, and even served me a meal.
After agreeing to meet tomorrow, I bade farewell to Eugeo and went in. After getting to know Selka, the oldest, and the other 6 kids that were younger than her, we sat down at the harmonious dining table (the dishes laid out were potatoes that looked like fried fish. After having my meal, I was interrogated by them, and this was all to be expected. Once I answered all their questions and thoughts that didn't reveal myself, 3 boys invited me to go bathe with them...just like that, I endured all sorts of trials, and right now, I finally gained release as I laid on the bed in the guest room— that's what had happened up till now.
'The accumulated exhaustion of the entire day had already invaded my body and if I closed my eyes, I could sleep quickly. However, the confusion that attacked me prevented this.
"What's going on?" I muttered silently to myself.
In conclusion, everyone in this village aside from me was an NPC.
From the first moment I met Jink, to the time when I walked past the villagers in the village, at those moments when I met the old granny who gave me an apple, the stern yet delicate Sister Azariya, the apprentice Sister Selka, the 6 orphaned children; all of them were like Eugeo, having real emotions like me, able to talk normally and able to do the delicate movements of the body. Basically, everyone was human-like. At least, they're not like the characters that would automatically answer in a VRMMO.
—But, this kind of thing isn't something that can be done.
Right now, there's only one Soul Translator at the headquarters in Roppongi, and the company itself was going to roll out 3 machines, which would make it 4. That's what the developer Higa said. Even if we added in one or two units, it should be impossible to create a Dive system for enough people to form a village. Even as I was walking and observing, there were at least 300 villagers in Rulid, and that large STL experimental machine couldn't possibly be mass produced. Also, if we added in the few villages and cities in this world and the people of the fabled «Capital», even if they invested a lot of money to add new machines, it should be impossible to secretly gather thousands of test players.
"...Speaking of which."
Eugeo and the rest aren't real humans — they're players with restricted memories, I guess? Or are they automatic answering programs that far exceed what I know...?
On thinking about this, my mind immediately thought of the term «Artificial Intelligence».
In recent years, AIs, the electronic assistance for password codes, car navigation, and home electric appliance use, have been greatly developed. Once they hear a command given, a character, that's like a human or an animal, can correctly operate or obtain the necessary information. Besides these, there are other AIs, like the NPCs I'm familiar with in VR games. Though their main functions are to provide quests or event information, they can still answer casual dialogue to a certain extent. A group of people who believed in having «Moe NPCs» will always camp beside the beauty-types and talk with them.
Of course, these AIs don't really have intelligence. Basically put, they're just a collection of commands that only know how to answer certain questions. Thus, if they end up seeing a question that's not in the database, the NPC will most likely smile nicely or tilt their heads to say something like 'I don't understand what you mean'.
However, Eugeo never showed anything like this today.
He showed all sorts of natural emotions like 'shock', 'doubt' and 'laughter' with regards to all my questions and made appropriate responses. It wasn't just Eugeo who was like this, as the Sister Azariya, Selka and those young kids were all like that. There was no instance where they showed an expression of 'being unable to find the data'.
As far as I know, amongst the current Artificial Intelligence, the highest standard is the AI called Yui, the counseling program who was developed for maintenance in the old SAO, and has now become Asuna's and my 'daughter'. During those two years, she continued to talk to countless players and monitor them, and had managed to build up a large and amazing database for response. Right now, she's at a level where she can be considered 'an automatic answering program' and a 'real intelligence'.
However, even Yui isn't perfect. Sometimes, she would tilt her head as the database didn't have the information, and would sometimes mistake a human's 'apparent anger' with 'awkwardness of trying to hide embarrassment'. For just that moment, she would show that small 'AI-like' expression.
However, Eugeo, Selka and the rest didn't show such a thing. If all the villagers in Rulid were...AIs the programmers created as boys, girls, old grannies, adults and so, in a certain sense, the STL has a very advanced Over-Technology. But in the end, I really can't imagine it actually working...
I thought about this, got up from the bed and let my feet land on the floor.
There was an old oil lamp at the wall where the top of the bed was. The orange-yellowish light flickered, giving off a strange burnt smell. Of course, I never touched such a thing in real life, but the room Asuna and I shared in Alfheim had a similar kind of lamp, so I subconsciously reached over to touch the surface.
However, there wasn't any pop-up operating window. I suddenly thought of something and used both my fingers to draw in a motion that was not a gesture command, but something called the «Stacia Seal». I then touched the surface of the lamp, and a purple glow appeared there this time. However, the lamp's durability was the only thing shown, there was no button like lights on, lights out.
Damn it. Selka would definitely not tell me the way to turn off the light that easily without nagging at me first ...Just when I was panicking, I finally found a little knob at the base of the lamp. Anyway, let's try to turn it first. Kyukyu. With a metallic sound, the wick tightened, and the lamp let off a thin trail of smoke before being extinguished. The moonlight pierced through the window, landing inside the room covered in darkness, leaving behind a silvery-white line.
I finally managed to clear this highly difficult mission, and I returned to the bedside, put my pillow in a suitable position and laid back down. I felt a little cold, so I put on the blanket Selka gave me, and soon, I just felt like sleeping.
—If they're not humans nor AIs, what are they?
In a corner of my thoughts, I already had an answer. However, it felt scary to say it out. Assuming that I'm correct — this developer called RATH has already extended its arms over to the realm of god. When compared to this, the process of using the STL to understand human soul is already at a level where they're merely playing with the key to Pandora's Box with their finger.
I entered dreamland and listened to the voice deep inside my consciousness.
Now's not the time to look for an escape. I have to head to the capital. Once I go there, I'll find the reason why I exist in this world...

KLANG!!
I seemed to hear a bell from far away.
Just when I treated it as a sound in my dreams, my shoulder just felt like it was being nudged by someone, so I nudged my head into the blanket and grumbled,
"Uu— Another 10 minutes...no, 5..."
"No way. It's already time to wake up."
"3 minutes...just 3 minutes will do..."
Just as my shoulders continued to shake, a slight sense of disorientation caused me to lose my sleepiness. If it were my younger sister Suguha waking me up, she wouldn't be using such a slow action, but would be yelling, tugging at my hair, pinching my hair, pinching my nose and doing all sorts of violent acts, or even the devilish act of pulling away the futon.
At this moment, I realized that where I am now is neither reality nor Alfheim, and I poked my face out from the wool blanket. I widened my eyes slightly and exchanged looks with Selka, who was in a neat nun habit. This apprentice Sister lowered her head and looked at me.
"It's 5.30. The kids have all woken up and washed up. If you don't hurry, you won't be able to make it for Worship."
"...Okay, I'll come over..."
I left aside the warm bed and the peaceful rest without regrets and sat up. I looked around, and it's just like my memory from the previous night. This is the guest room in the second floor of the Rulid church. In other words, my body went through the virtual world Underworld that was created by the Soul Translator. Such an amazing experience doesn't look like it'll end in one night.
"So it only seemed like a dream, huh?"
"Eh, what?"
On hearing me mutter this phrase, Selka gave a surprised expression. On seeing this, I hurriedly shake my head.
"It, it's nothing. I'll get changed and come over. It's the worship hall on the first level, right?"
"Un, even if you're a guest or a lost child of Vector, you have to pray to the god of Stacia as long as you stay in the church. Every single cup of water is a blessing of god's grace, and we have to be grateful to this. That's what Sister told us..."
She'll continue rattling on and on if this keeps up, so I hurriedly got off the bed. I flipped this thin shirt, preparing to take off the pajamas I borrowed, and Selka let out a frantic sound.
"It, it'll start in 20 minutes. Don't be late! You must wash your face in the well's water out there!"
Patapata, she walked out of the room and quickly closed the door before vanishing from my sight. This reaction is obviously not something an NPC can do...I thought as I took off my shirt and brought the «Initial Equipment» lying on the chair, the blue short-sleeved tunic to my head. I brought it up to my nose and sniffed at it, only to find that there's no sweat. As expected, microorganisms and other things like that can't be replicated. Maybe defects like stains or holes are controlled by the durability value called «Life».
On thinking about this, I pulled out the «Window» attached to the tunic, and the durability was shown as the words [44/45]. Looks like it doesn't matter for a short time, but if I want to stay in this world for a long time, I have to find a change of clothes and so I have to find a way to get items and money.


I continued to think as I changed my clothes, then walked out of the room.
I walked down the stairs and out of the back door beside the kitchen. The beautiful sunrise was already over my head. She said that it's still not six yet but how do the residents in this world tell the time? I can't see anything like a clock, whether it's in the cafeteria or the living room.
I lowered my head and stepped onto the stone path. I soon saw a well chiseled from stone. The kids seemed to have used it already as the surrounding moss patch was already wet. I opened the lid, threw the wooden basket with the rope attached to it down, and a nice kalakalapon sound could be heard. I pulled the rope and lifted up a full pail of the wells transparent water into the tray beside me.
I scooped up the wells icy cold water with my hands to wash my face and also drank a mouthful of it. At this moment, my sleepiness was shaken away completely. I think I slept before 9 yesterday, and even though I woke up early, I should have slept for 8 hours... On thinking about this, I sank into deep thought again.
If this is Underworld, the FLA mechanism is probably still working. If the rate is three times, my actual sleep time should be less than 3 hours. If it's a fantastical idea like what I had yesterday such that it's accelerated to 1000 times, it'll mean that 8 hours is actually the equivalent of less than 30 seconds. Can such a short time really cause the mind to be so awake?
Really, I don't understand at all. I must get away from here as fast as possible and check the situation... However, the soft voice when I was about to sleep continued to echo in my ears.
I was able to wake up in this world with the consciousness of Kirito— Kirigaya Kazuto. Whether it's because of some irregular incident or a certain person's will, I probably exist here to complete a mission, I guess? I'm not some theorist on life, but on the other hand, I don't deny that every single existence has a certain purpose. If that's the case, why is it that so many people lost their lives in the SAO incident...
Bashaa! I again scooped up another handful of the wells water and splashed it on my face to interrupt my thoughts. Right now, I have two courses of action. First, I can investigate if there are any RATH workers who know how to log out from here, and second, I have to find a way to the capital in order to discover the purpose I exist in this world.
The former's not that complicated to me. I'm not sure about the FLA rate, but with a RATH technician disguised as a villager, they probably won't stay here for years, even decades. In other words, if residents who left this place on business trips or holidays do exist, it means that they're very likely to be observers.
As for the latter — to be honest, there's no real good way to go about with this. Eugeo said before that riding a horse from here to the capital will take about a week and if we walk by the shortest route, it'll take three times the time. If possible, I really want to get a horse, but there's still no way to go about getting one, and I have no equipment or funds for the trip. Also, I really lack knowledge about this world, and I need a guide. I feel that Eugeo's the best choice, but he has a «Sacred Task» that he can't complete in his lifetime.
I might as well break the Taboo Index and get arrested by that knight or something to make things faster. However, I'll most probably be taken away to the jail cell directly, and I'll have to endure a few years of manual labor, having to carry lots of stone slabs. That will require quite some endurance. But before that, I may be sentenced to death.
Then, I had better ask Eugeo whether the sacred arts have some release or revival spells. Just when I'm thinking about this, Selka pokes her head out from the back door of the church and on seeing me, shouted at me,
"KIRITO, HOW LONG ARE YOU GOING TO KEEP BATHING!? WORSHIP'S STARTING!!"
"Ahh, un...sorry, I'll come over now."
I hurriedly raised my hand, put the cover of the well and the basket back and hurriedly returned to the building.

After going through the solemn worship and the noisy breakfast, the kids all went out to do cleaning and washing clothes, while Selka and Sister Azariya headed towards the library to learn the same sacred arts. To me, who's basically living here for free, this caused quite some guilt in me. I harbored such feeling as I walked out of the church's gate and headed towards the central plaza for Eugeo to come back.
A few minutes later, a familiar profile with flax-colored hair appeared from the direction of the disappearing morning glow. Then, the clock tower behind the church chimed a simple yet elegant melody.
"Ahh...I see."
On hearing what I said the moment I met him, Eugeo widened his eyes in surprise.
"Morning, Kirito. What do you mean by 'I see'?"
"Morning, Eugeo. Well, it's just that...I found that every melody of the bell's different for every hour. In other words, the villagers here uses this to tell the time."
"Of course, that's how it is. The songs of praise for the «Light of Solus» are divided into 12 rhythms. At every half point, there'll be a chime. Unfortunately, the sound can't reach Gigas Cedar, so I can only check the time through the height of Solus."
"I see... so that means there are no clocks in this world."
I carelessly let out these words, and Eugeo tilted his head slightly.
"Clock...? What's that?"
This is bad. Don't tell me such a term doesn't exist here? I gave off a cold sweat inside my heart and tried to explain.
"Erm, a clock is...a tool that's a round plate with numbers on it and has rotating needles to point the time..."
On hearing that, Eugeo's face unexpectedly gave a shine and nodded.
"Ahh...that. I saw it in the picture books when I was young. A long time ago, the center of the capital seemed to have a building called a «Divine Instrument of Engraved Time», but people often looked up at that divine instrument and never got to work seriously, which angered god, who destroyed that divine instrument with lightning. From then on, humans could only denote the time through the bell chimes."
"He, heh...well, I'm always worried about the time when classes are about to end..."
I said such careless things I didn't think through again, and luckily, I managed to pass safely this time.
"Ahaha. That's how it is. When I was learning at the church, I was always waiting for the noon bell to ring."
Eugeo chuckled as he looked away. I followed his line of sight and finally saw the clock tower of the church. In the window that's designed as a coin-shaped chamfer, bells of all sizes were all shining inside. However, even though the bells were ringing, no one could be seen there.
"That bell...how exactly does it ring?"
"...Really, Kirito, how can you forget about that?"
Eugeo said with a stunned yet delighted voice, coughed midway through, and continued,
"There's no need for anyone to go ring it. This is the only Divine Instrument in the village. Every day, it will regularly ring hymns of praises without missing by a second. Of course, it's not just Rulid village that has this. Zakkaria and the other villages and towns all have them... ahh, but, it's not just that it is the only Divine Instrument..."
The energetic Eugeo trailed off, which was very rare, and finally lost his voice at the end, which caused me to frown. However, Eugeo didn't look like he wanted to continue discussing about this as he clapped his hands lightly and said,
"Now, I have something I have to do. What plans do you have today, Kirito?"
"Well..."
I pondered for a while. Though I really want to venture through the village, I might get into trouble if I was alone. If I can ask Eugeo about whether there are villagers who went out just like I imagined and in order to try and coax Eugeo to head to the capital to accomplish my cruel plan, I have to find out what Eugeo's Sacred Task is.
"...If possible, let me help you out today, Eugeo."
After thinking this through, I said such words, and Eugeo grinned and nodded.
"Of course I'll gladly bring you along. I thought you'd say so too, Kirito. Look, I brought money for buns enough for two."
He took out two bronze coins from his shorts, and they let out a clang on his palm.
"Erm, well, I'm really worried about bothering you there."
After seeing me shake my head and hands, Eugeo shrugged and smiled.
"You don't have to worry. I earn my pay from the village workplace, and there's nothing I can actually spend it on, so I can only save up."
Oh, that's good, really good. In that case, I have money to go to the capital. My mind started to have such a meaningless thought. Right now, all that's left is for Eugeo to finish his Sacred Task and cut down the giant tree.
My heart is thinking of such a cunning plot, but I showed an apologetic look. On seeing me like this, Eugeo still maintained his smile and said, 'Let's go' before walking southwards. I followed him from behind and then looked back and up to the bell tower that would automatically chime every hour.
This was really an amazing world. Even though it created a realistic rural life, the presence of a VRMMO still couldn't be shaken off. In the main streets of all the floors in the floating city Aincrad, there was a bell that indicated the hour.
Sacred arts — and the Axiom Church; these are most likely fake names for spells and the world's system. If that's the case, how can we explain the «Land of Darkness» that exist outside this world? Is it a counter-system...
While I was in deep thought, Eugeo, who was beside me, arrived in front of what looked like a bread shop and greeted the old lady boss with an apron before buying four buns. I looked inside the shop, and saw that a man dressed like a shopkeeper was kneading the bread. The aroma inside the place floated out through the large window.
In an hour, or maybe 30 minutes, I can buy bread that's freshly baked, but being unable to be flexible here is probably part of the «Sacred Task». Eugeo's job to reach the forest and swing the axe has a fixed timing that can't be changed easily. As I can only get him to accompany me on this trip once he completes the «Sacred Task», my plan won't be accomplished that easily.
But no matter what, the system always has loopholes. Even someone like me of unknown origin and identity is going to work with him as an assistant.
We moved through the arch to the south and stepped on the path passing through the green wheat fields as we headed towards the forest deep inside. From here, I could clearly see the giant tree Gigas Cedar that reached the skies.

Eugeo and I continued to exchange turns swinging the Dragon Bone Axe hard, and unknowingly, the sun called Solus had already risen to its noon position.
I continued to move my arms that were feeling as heavy as lead and swung the 500th swing deep into the monstrously large tree. KOONG! The large tree let out sawdust that scattered like sand, which showed that the extremely large durability value of the tree was slightly worn out.
"Uwahh, can't do it. I can't swing anymore."
I cried out and threw the axe into the ground before lying on the mossy patch as if my power was short-circuited. I received the water bottle Eugeo handed over to me and greedily gulped down the sweet liquid called «Siral Water» — I still have no idea what language this is.
Eugeo just smiled in a carefree manner as he looked down at me who's like this now before saying with a teacher-like tone,
"But you really have quite the talent, Kirito. It's true. You managed to grasp the basics after just two days."
"...But I still can't catch up to you at all, Eugeo..."
I sighed and adjusted my sitting position, leaning with the Gigas Cedar against my back.
As I had been swinging the heavy axe for the entire morning, I've gotten a rough grasp of my stats in this world.
I already knew it, but the stats are far inferior to the superhuman-class strength and agility the swordsman Kirito possessed in the old SAO. Even so, it's possible that the weak Kirigaya Kazuto in the real world was used as reference. If it's the me in the real world, once I swing such a heavy axe for an hour like this, I'll definitely have muscle pains all over the place and be unable to get up on the second day.
In other words, my current strength now is about the average value of a 17, 18 year old young man in this world. Eugeo's strength far exceeds mine, as expected of someone who's been working on this for 7 years.
Luckily, the feeling of the avatar or the imagination power is still the same or even more efficient than the VRMMOs I played before. Besides, having swung the axe several hundred times while being aware of the weight and trajectory, I finally have the confidence to wield this axe which needs a tremendous amount of strength.
Also, I've done such repeated practices of the same routine countless times in the old Aincrad, even skipping sleep and meals to do so, so this might be the area I'm best at. At least I won't lose to Eugeo in terms of determination—
No...wait. I think I just missed out something important there...
"Then, Kirito."
Eugeo tossed me two round buns, which interrupted my train of thought. I hurriedly reached for them with my hands.
"...? What's wrong? You have a weird expression on your face, you know?"
"Ah...no..."
I finally managed to grasp the end of this trail of thought that was about to leave me, but the remaining fragment only gave a vague and puzzling impression that I was thinking of something important. Well, if it's important, I'll think of it at some point. I then shrugged my shoulders and thanked Eugeo,
"Thanks. I'll take these then. Itadakimasu."
"Sorry that the bread is the same as yesterday."
"It's nothing, it's nothing."
I opened my mouth to take a large bite. The taste was good— but to be honest, it was still too hard. Eugeo probably felt the same way as he frowned and tried his best to move his lower jaw.
Both of us continued to spend several minutes eating the first bun and as we exchanged looks with each other, we gave each other slight smiles. Eugeo drank a gulp of Siral water and looked afar.
"...I really want to let you try out Alice's pie, Kirito... crispy skin, filled with juicy filling... having it together with freshly squeezed milk, making me feel that it's a rare delicacy in this world..."
As he said this, my tongue inexplicably seem to taste the pie as I drooled. I hurriedly took a bite off the second bun and asked without thinking,
"Then, Eugeo. That person... Alice, she was taught sacred arts in the church, right? To become the successor to Sister Azariya."
"Un, that's how it was. She was hailed as the first prodigy since the village was built, and she could use a large number of arts at the age of ten."
Eugeo said with a proud tone.
"Then... the girl learning in the church now called Selka is..."
"Un... Sister Azariya was really devastated when Alice was taken away by the Integrity Knight and said that she wouldn't take in any more disciples. However, the village chief Gasupht managed to convince her and two years ago, the new apprentice Selka joined the church. She's Alice's little sister."
"Little sister... heh..."
If I have to say it, she should be a stern big sister. I remembered Selka in my mind who gave such an impression as I said this. Since this Alice is her older sister, she must have loved to take care of others and been a busybody as well. She should be able to become a good couple with Eugeo.
I thought about this as I glanced at Eugeo. He seemed to have thought of something as he frowned.
"...As our age difference is 5 years, I haven't played much with Selka. When I went over to Alice's house from time to time, she often hid behind her mother or grandmother shyly... her father Gasupht, everyone and even Sister Azariya all believed that Alice's little sister had the talent in sacred arts and were looking forward to it... however..."
"Selka didn't have the talent like her sister's, right?"
On hearing my direct question, Eugeo merely grimaced and nodded.
"We can't really say that though. No matter who that person is, when starting with a Sacred Task, they can't possibly do it well. It's the same for me and I only managed to wield this large axe properly after more than 3 years. With perseverance, no matter what kind of Sacred Task it is, it can finally be mastered one day. It's just that... for Selka who's only just 12 years old, she's been working a little too hard..."
"Too hard?"
"...At the time Alice started learning the sacred arts, she didn't stay in the church. She only studied till noon, and then handed the bento over to me before going off to help with housework in the afternoon. But Selka used the reasoning that she didn't have enough time to study and moved out of the house. It just so happened that Jana and Algu moved into the church, and the Sister herself definitely couldn't handle them, so Selka probably also had such a reason for moving to the church."
I remember seeing Selka who was seriously taking care of the children. I can't tell how tough it was, but for a twelve-year-old who has to study and take care of 6 kids, it's probably not easy.
"I see...and I, a «Vector's lost child» suddenly moved there. At least I shouldn't bring trouble about for Selka."
I definitely have to wake up at 5.30 from tomorrow on. With such resolve, I continued the topic just now by saying 'now that you say so'.
"The kids other than Selka living in that church all lost their parents? Their parents are dead? How did six people get this at the same time in such a peaceful village?"
On hearing this question, Eugeo looked slightly depressed, and lowered his head to look at the mossland growing not too far away.
"...It happened 3 years ago. There was an epidemic in the village that was unseen of for almost 100 years, causing 20 people of all ages to die. Sister Azariya and the pharmacist Ivenda tried all sorts of means, but couldn't cure those people with fevers. The kids in the church lost their parents just like that."
This unexpected answer caused me to go silent.
—A contagion? But this is the virtual world. No bacteria or virus can possibly exist here. In other words, the people who died because of the virus were causing out of some intention by the people controlling this world or the system. However, why is that so? Most likely, they want to use some form of calamity on the residents to create some form of burden on them, but why carry out a simulation of such a thing?
In the end, everything points in one direction. That's the reason why this world exists—
"It's not just epidemics though. Recently, there have been a lot of weird things going on. Stray long-clawed bears, black-furred wolves attacking people in packs, the buds of wheat unable to expand... even the regular horse carriage travelling from here to Zakkaria may not show up for months. The reason is said to be... that Goblin tribes appeared there."
"Wha, what did you say?"
I blinked a few times.
"Goblins... wait, aren't there knights protecting the boundary of the country?"
"Of course they are. The dark tribes that are near the Mountain range at the Edge should be instantly wiped up by the Integrity Knights. This is a duty the Integrity Knights have to fulfill, because those tribes are guys that are a lot worse than Alice, who only touched a little of the land of darkness."
"Eugeo..."
I felt that Eugeo's steady voice suddenly had what can be considered a somber tone, which shocked me. However, that feeling immediately vanished as the boy's lips slowly showed a smile again.
"...That's why I only treat those as rumors. But during the past 2 or 3 years, there were a lot of new tombstones. Jii-chan said that this situation is normal."
Speaking of which, now is the time to ask that question. I pretended that nothing was up and cautiously asked,
"...I say, Eugeo. sacred arts... can they revive people?"
He just shoot me a look of disbelief again. Unexpectedly, Eugeo bit his lips slightly with a serious expression and nodded while looking like he's not really certain either.
"...Almost everyone in the village doesn't know of this, but amongst the highest levels of sacred arts, there's a spell that can increase lifespan. That's what Alice said."
"Increase... Life?"
"Un, all people and items' lives...including yours and mine, can't be added on normally, Kirito. For example, the Life of a human continues to increase from a baby to a toddler until the adult stage, and the maximum Life is about 25 years. After that, it will slowly decrease and become 0 at around 70, 80 before being called back to Stacia. You forgot about all this, Kirito?"
"Ah, ahh."
Of course, this is the first time I'm hearing this as I cautiously nodded. What Eugeo's saying is probably that the maximum value of Hit Points will increase and decrease with age.
"However, if a person is sick or wounded, their Life will drop greatly. If the injuries are too grave, one may die just like that. However, one can recover Life by using sacred arts and medicine, even though it won't exceed the maximum value. An old person can't regain the Life he had when he's young no matter how much medication he takes, and those with wounds too severe can't recover..."
"But there's a spell to do such things, is that right?"
"Alice said that she was really shocked when she saw this in the ancient books. She asked this question to Sister Azariya, and only saw her make a very horrified expression and told her to forget everything she saw... so I'm not so sure about the specifics. However, it's said that that's a spell that can only be used by the Great Priests of the Axiom Church, and isn't a spell used for healing or curing illnesses, but directly affects the life... or something like that. Of course, I've never seen the specific spell at all or something."
"Heh... Great Priest? That means that the monks of the church can use sacred arts?"
"Of course. The source of power behind the sacred arts is the «Sacred Power» God Solus and God Terraria scattered throughout the skies and earth. Large spells require a large amount of Sacred Power. If it's a really powerful spell that can control a human's life, it won't be enough even if all the Sacred Power in this forest is gathered. I suppose not even Zakkaria town has a spellcaster that can control such large power.
Even so; he paused here for a while, and then continued with a low voice,
"And...if Sister Azariya could use that kind of spell, she won't see those kids' parents and those parents' kids die like that."
"I see..."
—In other words, even if I die here, I won't return back to the altar in the church and wake up with a beautiful organ sound. If I die, I'll probably wake up in the STL in real life. No, if that's not the case, I'll be really bothered. The STL doesn't have the capability to destroy Fluctlights— probably. It should be different from Nerve Gear.
However, trying death should be the final means to leave this place. The existence of Underworld is already a sure thing inside my mind, and even if I know of this, is it really alright for me to leave without knowing my purpose in this world— my soul's giving off such a voice to me from deep inside.
I really want to get sent to the capital and barge into the headquarters of the Axiom Church or something and ask all sorts of questions in my mind to the «Great Priests», but I have no way to do this. No transport can be taken from town to town, and there really should be a limit to this lack of play ability. Even that SAO had transfer gates in almost all the cities.
If this were an ordinary VRMMO, I might consider sending a mail of complaint to the operator. However, if I can't do so, I'll just have to try my hardest as long as the system allowed me. Yes, I did think this often during the boss conquest battles in Aincrad.
Having finished the second bun, I put the water bottle Eugeo handed over to me at my mouth, drinking up as I looked up at this large tree trunk that reached the skies.
I have to get Eugeo to help me if I have to head towards the capital, but it's probably impossible to make him give up on his duty seriously, since that is probably forbidden by the Taboo Index. In that case, there's only one way, and that's to find a way to deal with this overly large cedar.
I turned back to look, and saw Eugeo pat his pants before standing up.
"Alright, time to get started with our work in the afternoon. I'll start first. Can you hand me the axe?"
"Ahh."
I used my right hand to hold onto the handle of the Dragon Bone Axe beside me and was about to hand it over to Eugeo.
Suddenly, a strong electric shock-feeling flashed in my mind. The tail end of the thing that was about to escape my palm seemed to be caught back, so I cautiously thought.
Eugeo did say that an ordinary axe would have its blade easily shattered, which was why they went to the capital to order this large Dragon Bone axe.
In that case, we just needed a more powerful axe. We'll use one with more attack power and durability that required more strength.
"I, I say, Eugeo."
I held my breath and asked.
"Is there a stronger axe in this village? Even if it's not in this village, if it's in the town of Zakkaria...it's been three hundred years since you ordered this axe, right?"
But Eugeo just shook his head.
"How can there be one? Dragon bone is the highest grade material for weapons. It's harder than the Damask metal in the south and gem metal in the East. If there's anything harder, it'll be the ones the Integrity Knights use... the Divine Instruments..."
The tail end of these words faded off with the trembling voice, so I tilted my head and waited for the back part of the content. After about 5 seconds of silence, Eugeo whispered as if he was worried about the surroundings.
"...There's no axe, but... there's a sword."
"Sword...?"
"I mentioned in front of the church that there's another Divine Instrument beside the «Clock that Tells the Time», do you remember?"
"Ah...ahh."
"In fact, it's near this place... and I'm the only one who knows about this. During these six years, I've been hiding it from everyone... do you want to see it, Kirito?"
"Of, of course! I want to. Please show it to me!"
I said with enthusiasm, but Eugeo still looked like he was hesitating. He soon nodded though, and handed me the axe.
"Then, please start the afternoon work, Kirito. It'll take quite some time to take it out."
"Is it far away?"
"No, it's just inside the storage shed nearby, but... it's unexpectedly heavy."
It's just like what Eugeo said as once I finished the 50th swing, he finally returned, looking rather tired and his forehead was sweating profusely.
"O, oi, are you okay?"
On hearing this, Eugeo, who had lost the strength to answer, simply nodded and tossed the object he's been carrying on his shoulder onto the ground. DONK. With a blunt sound, the moss carpet had a large dent in it. I handed over the canteen containing the Siral water over to the panting Eugeo and started to stare at the thing on the ground.
I seemed to have seen it before. It was a long and thin leather bundle that was 1.2m long. Undoubtedly, this is the packaged item that was randomly placed inside the hut when Eugeo was putting the dragon axe aside.
"Can I open it?"
"Ah...ahh. Be...careful though. If it lands on your leg, you won't be just...hurt there."
The panting Eugeo said. I nodded at him and carefully reached my hand out.
After that, my waist just felt a shock like it's about to be snapped. No, even if it's reality, my waist would really dislocate for real. Seriously, this packaged item is really heavy. I'm holding it with both hands, but it just won't budge as it seems to be nailed to the ground or something like that.
My sister Suguha has been training in the kendo club and is already monstrously muscular, so I have to say that she's a lot heavier than she looks —of course, I can't say these thoughts of her— and without being over-exaggerating, this wrapped item makes me feel like it's like her in that sense. I steadied my legs again and exerted strength from my waist to utilize all my power like I was raising dumbbells.
"Fuu...!"
Mishi mishi. I felt that the joints all over me seemed to be rubbing, but the package finally started to move. I lifted the part with the rope knot on it and turned it 90 degrees before letting the bottom end of the item rest on the ground. I used my left hand to support it with all I had without letting it fall. My right hand undid the knot of rope tied around it and moved the leather cover down.
Inside it is a long sword that's so beautiful that even I can't help but be amazed by it.
The sword hilt was delicately crafted with silver, and the handle was carefully wrapped fully with white leather. The Knuckle guard was decorated with foliage, and it's obvious what kind of plant was used. Whether it's the top of the handle or the white leather scabbard, they're all covered with a sparkling rose that's carved out from jade.
It gave off an antique vibe, but didn't have any stains on it at all. It's like it's been sleeping all this time without being able to meet its owner — this sword gave me such a feeling.
"This is...?"
I lifted my head to ask, and Eugeo, who finally recovered, looked at that sword with a nostalgic expression and said,
"«Blue Rose Sword». I don't know its real name, but that's the name that was used in fairy tales."
"Fairy tales...?"
"Any kid from Rulid village... no, even the adults know this — 300 years ago, amongst the initial pioneers who settled this land, there was a swordsman named Bercouli. There were many legends about his adventures, but the most famous of them is «Bercouli and the Northern White Dragon»..."
Eugeo suddenly looked far away and continued on with a sad expression,
"...Simply put. Bercouli went to the mountain range at the edge and lost his way deep inside the cave, which caused him to fall into the white dragon's cave. The white dragon guarding the human world was having a nap and Bercouli took the chance to escape. However, amongst the pile of treasures that were scattered inside the cave, there was a sword he wanted to get no matter what. He took the sword silently and was about to leave, but a blue rose suddenly grew out and tangled Bercouli. He fell, and the sound woke the white dragon... that's how the story was."
"Wha, what happened next?"
I can't help but be attracted by this story, and so I asked. Eugeo said that it's a long story as he smiled and continued on with this,
"Anyway, a lot of things happened, and Bercouli was finally forgiven. He put the sword back and escaped to the village. That's really something worth being happy about... but really a boring story. If only we didn't have the urge to check whether it was real during our childhood..."
The voice seem to have a thick sense of regret, and I finally realized that the 'our childhood' refers to Eugeo and his childhood friend, the girl called Alice. In this village, the only kids with such mobility would be them.
After a moment of silence, Eugeo continued.
"6 years ago, Alice and I went to the mountain range at the edge to search for the white dragon, but we didn't find it. What we saw was a hill of bones with a blade slash."
"Eh...dra , no, did someone kill the dragon? Who, exactly...?"
"I don't know. Maybe some people... were interested in the treasure. There were a lot of gold and treasures scattered all over the place. This «Blue Rose Sword» was amongst them as well. Of course, I didn't take it as the sword was heavy... —and on the way home, we went through the wrong exit, passed through the mountain range and entered the dark world. What happened next is just like what you heard."
"I see..."
I turned my eyes to the hands supporting the sword.
"But... this sword, why is it here?"
"...During summer two years ago, I went to the cave in the north again and took it out. I moved it for several kilolu every day on my rest days and hid it inside the forest... until I moved it into the storage shed. It took me 3 months and as for why I did this...to be honest, I don't know either..."
He probably still can't forget about Alice? Or maybe he wanted to wield this sword to save her.
Such a thought flashed through my mind, but my respect for this boy called Eugeo didn't allow me to simply say these words. I regained my momentum and raised the sword, using my right hand to hold onto the hilt of the sword.
I thought that this sword that's stabbed deep inside the ground like a pillar would be hard to move with so much resistance, but I just moved it slightly, and the blade itself slid out from the scabbard smoothly. Swoosh. With that crisp sound, the sword was drawn, and I felt a lot of weight from the right shoulder to the wrist. I hurriedly threw aside the scabbard in my left hand and used both hands to hold onto the sword.
The scabbard looked like it was made of metal, but seemed to have a lot of weight as it stabbed into the ground with a thud. It nearly hit my left foot, but I didn't have the time to back away as I continued to maintain the sword's balance.
Luckily, the sword was 3 times lighter once I took off the scabbard, and I could continue to maintain this for a while. I continued to look at the blade of the sword in a seemingly attracted manner.
It's really an inexplicable material. The slightly metallic object that was only 3.5 cm wide gave off a light blue glow as it reflected the sunlight shining through the leaves. Looking closely, the blade reflected off the sunlight with the image surface, and some of the light seemed to remain on the inside of the blade, giving off a diffused reflectance. Anyway, it just looks somewhat transparent.
"This isn't an ordinary metal nor silver. It's different from dragon bone too, and obviously not glass..."
Eugeo said with a slightly awestruck tone,
"—In other words, this isn't something made by human hands... that's what I feel. It's made by a powerful Sacred Arts caster borrowing the power of god, or something that may be made by a god... such an item is called a «Divine Instrument>. This Blue Rose Sword is definitely a Divine Instrument too."
—God.
The names «Solus» and «Stacia» that Eugeo and Selka often talked about, the names that often appear in the Sister's prayers; these should be a setting in this fantasy world, and I didn't pay too much attention to that as I made such a decision.
However, with the appearance of a god created weapon or something like this case, I felt that I have to reconsider this. The gods of the virtual world — would that mean the people managing from the real world or the main process in the server?
This seemed to be a question that can't be answered no matter how I think. Even right now, I can only feel that this Axiom Church is an existence similar to the «Central System».
Anyway, this sword should have quite the high priority level given by the system, and now we have to compare it with the Gigas Cedar priority and see which priority level is higher — this outcome will decide whether I can go to the capital with Eugeo.
"Eugeo, can you check on the Life of the Gigas Cedar?"
I continued to wield the sword as I said this and Eugeo gave me a doubtful look.
"Don't tell me, Kirito...you intend to use this sword to hit the Gigas Cedar?"
"If you moved it here, is there any other reason why?"
"That's true... but..."
I continued to say things to Eugeo, who had his head down, to convince him not to hesitate.
"Or does the Taboo Index has a clause that states that you can't use a sword to chop the Gigas Cedar down?"
"No...about this, it didn't mention at all..."
"Or did the village chief, or the predecessor... Garitta jii-san said that you can't use anything other than the Dragon Bone Axe?"
"No... he didn't mention... I feel... something like this happened before..."
Eugeo muttered, but still got up to stand in front of the Gigas Cedar. He drew a seal with his left hand and knocked on the tree trunk, staring at the window that appeared
"Well, 232,315."
"Alright. Remember this number."
"But Kirito. You can't possibly wield that sword properly. You're being unstable just by wielding it now."
"Anyway, just watch. You don't use strength to lift a heavy sword, you use the center of gravity."
It was a memory from a long time ago, but in the old SAO, I liked swords with weight. I preferred the feeling of using one hit to smash an enemy more than weapons that relied on speed and continuous attacks to win. As my level increased and my strength stat rose, the weight of the sword in my hand would continue to decrease. That's why I continued to change swords — the first time I wielded the swords that became my last partners felt like how it is right now as I wield the Blue Rose Sword. Also, the old me had a sword in each hand as I continued with such manual labor-like intensity.
Of course, the basis of the world system is different here, so I can't simply use the same method. However, my impression of the body movement should work here. Eugeo waited slightly far away from the tree, and I moved to the left of the cut in the tree trunk, bent down and maintained a low sword-drawing posture with the sword that caused my arms to be worn out just by maintaining it.
There's no need to carry out any continuous hits. Just a normal horizontal swing on the middle right side will do. If I have to borrow a name for this sword skill in SAO, it would be «Horizontal». It's a basic skill that could be learnt at the beginning of the game.
I adjusted my breathing and moved my weight onto the right foot before moving the sword back slightly. I lifted my left foot up due to the inertial weight of the sword. It looked like I'm about to end up sitting down on my butt, but I have to fight this no matter what until the sword tip reaches the target. I stamped my right foot on the ground and shifted my weight to the left side of my body, converting the strength in the swinging motion inside the legs and waist from the hands to the tip of the waist, and I carried out my horizontal swing.
The sword lets out a glow, and even though it doesn't accelerate on its own, my body still traces the posture for a sword skill perfectly. Let the left foot landing on the ground create a tremor, move the large and heavy sword and use the inertia that's not forcing me back yet, and go forward with the ideal trajectory—
However, this could only be used as a demonstration. My legs were unable to stand firm, and the blade itself hit the tree bark.
*GIIIINNN!!* A sharp sound was heard as the birds on the trees all flew off. However, I can't see all this as I couldn't endure the feedback and let go of the sword while my face had an intimate moment with the moss on the ground.
"WAH! Didn't I say this would happen already?"
Eugeo ran towards me, and with his help, I managed to sit down and spit out the moss in my mouth. Besides the face that hit the ground first, my wrists, waist and knees are all hurting so much I feel like screaming. The pain would still last for quite a while, but I continued to squeeze out such words.
"...This can't do... the status' still red..."
In the old SAO, if one equips a weapon that doesn't have the required STR, a window will pop out to state this. However, these words probably never reached Eugeo as it seemed to worry him all the more. At this moment, I hurriedly add on,
"No, that... I just lack body strength. Also, is there really a swordsman that can wield such a monstrous weapon?"
I let my shoulders sink, rubbed my right wrist and turned over. Eugeo followed me and looked behind.
Both of us are stunned.
The Blue Rose Sword, that beautiful sword that was swinging in the air is stabbed into half of the Gigas Cedar.
"...No way... just one hit can cause..."
Eugeo suddenly stood up and said with a hoarse voice while being speechless for the time being.
He tentatively reached out his right fingers to touch the intersection of the sword and the tree.
"The blade's not damaged at all...and it really cut two centimeters into the Gigas Cedar's bark..."
I endured the pain all over me and stood up, patting away the dust on my clothes.
"This, this is just to test the outcome. That Blue Rose Sword far exceeds the Dragon Bone Axe... in terms of attack power. Try looking at the life of the Gigas Cedar."
"U, un."
Eugeo nodded and again drew the seal before knocking on the bark. He looked at the window that popped out..
"...232,314."
"Wha, what!?"
This time, it's my turn to be shocked.
"Just a little? So much was cut into... why... don't tell me it won't work if it's not the axe...?"
"No, that's not the reason."
Eugeo pulled his hand back and shaked his head.
"It's that you're cutting it at the wrong place. If it's not the bark but the core that's hit directly, its life will decrease greatly. That's what I feel... and when that happens, my Sacred Task will be over... —however."
Eugeo turned away, giving a complicated expression, and bit his lips lightly.
"But that's if we can use the sword well. If it hurts just by swinging once, and if we keep missing the part we're aiming at, it'll be slower than using an axe."
"I can't do it, but what about you, Eugeo? You should be a lot stronger. Try swinging it once."
I continued to hassle Eugeo, and though he gave a hesitant look, he finally said that he'll try it and faced that tree again.
His hands held onto the Blue Rose Sword's hilt that was entrenched into the large tree and did a prying action. The blade finally left the bark of the tree, and Eugeo's upper body swayed. The tip of the blade landed on the ground, letting out a clear and crisp sound.
"It, it's really heavy. I can't do this, Kirito."
"If I can do it, you definitely can, Eugeo. The basics are about the same as swinging an axe. You need to use more of your weight than when swinging an axe. Don't just use your wrist's power. Keep your body steady."
I can't guarantee how much of the words actually reached him. Eugeo was really someone who'd been using the axe for a long time as he didn't even need a moment to understand this. His honest face became serious as he nodded and bent down to lift the sword.
After moving back slowly to lift the sword, he paused for a while, and then took a deep breath before quickly swinging the sword with tremendous speed. The right foot stepped right forward, and this series of weight lifting skills caused me to be flabbergasted. A blue trail was left behind in the air as the tip of the blade charged towards the center of the cut.
—But at the final moment, the left foot supporting his whole body weight slipped slightly. The sword that was swung, hacked a V sign at the top, and let out a deep sound and stopped. Eugeo then fell back in the opposite way, as I did, and hit the back of the thick trunk before groaning.
"Ugh..."
"O, oi, are you alright?"
I hurriedly ran over to Eugeo, who raised his right hand to show that he was alright, but was still frowning. Looking at him like this, I finally realized the truth that pain also existed in the world.
SAO, ALO, these VRMMO games that existed would send the pain that should be felt from the brain to the «Pain Absorber» unit to nullify it when the avatar's damaged. Without this, no one would go through a physical battle where their hit points are destroyed.
However, it seemed that there was no entertainment mindset here in this world. Even though the pain finally eased up, my wrists still felt a sharp pain as if I sprained them. If I get severely injured by a weapon, how painful will that be?
In Underworld, if I am to clash with other people, I'll have to make a realization completely different from now. No matter what, I was never able to imagine the pain of being hacked at by a blade with weight at all until now.
Eugeo, who is more tolerant to pain than me, used only 30 seconds before his pained expression vanished and he stood up gently again.
"Un, I still can't do it, Kirito. Our lives will decreased by a lot before we actually hit it accurately for once."
Both of us stared at the tree again. The Blue Rose Sword hit the top of the opening at a slight angle, bounced off and stabbed into the ground.
"But I think your footwork isn't bad..."
I wanted to say that Eugeo was a little indecisive, but after seeing him looking like a kid being lectured, I could only forget about it and seem to give up as I picked up the white leather scabbard that was lying on the moss. Eugeo drew the Blue Rose Sword and cautiously put it back into the scabbard in my hand. He then put it inside the leather bag, tied the rope up and put it not too far away.
Fuu, Eugeo exhaled and took up the Dragon Bone Axe beside the Gigas Cedar before shouting,
"Uwahh, this axe feels as light as a feather — alright, we dilly-dallied enough just now. Got to work hard for the afternoon."
"Ahh... sorry for making you do such a thing with me, Eugeo..."
On hearing my apology, the youth turned around and gave an innocent smile. That smile can only be described as honest.
"It's fine Kirito. I'm happy about that too. Then... I'll start with 50 first."
KON KON. The rhythmic sounds came as the axe was swung. I looked away from Eugeo, walked towards the Blue Rose Sword that was laid down and stroked the leather jacket.
I was definitely thinking in the right direction there. If I used this sword, the Gigas Cedar can definitely be toppled. However, it's just like what Eugeo said. If I swing it wildly, there'll be quite the price to pay.
Since the sword exists in this world, there should be someone in this world who can wield it at will and equip it. Eugeo and I just don't have the necessary conditions in this system.
In that case, what would the conditions be? Class? Level? Status? What exactly is it, and how should I start investigating...
"..."
On thinking about this, I opened my mouth slightly. It was due to the shock of my own slow-wittedness.
Of course, I just needed to open my status window to check it. Yesterday, I summoned a «window» on Eugeo's round bun... and I tried to turn off the lamp in the church's room; I didn't think of that at all. How stupid.
I reached my left hand out and drew the command mark from before. I pondered and tapped the back of my right hand. Just as I expected, there was a ring and a purple rectangle appearing in my sights.
Unlike the bread's window, there were many lines of words here. I subconsciously started to search the key, but I just couldn't find it no matter what.
First, there's the line [UNIT ID:NND7-6355] at the top. Unit ID; this caused me a chill, but now's not the time to dig deep into this. I kept the alphanumerical values in mind, since it should be a serial number commonly used in this world.
Below it is the Durability that could also be seen on the bread and the Gigas Cedar, the «Life» Eugeo talked about. The indicated value is [3280/3289]. Normally speaking, the left side is the current value while the right side is the maximum value. The reason why it decreased slightly may be because I just swung it wildly. I then looked down.
The next line is [Object Control Authoriy: 38]. Below it is the line [System Control Authority: 1].
These are the only things. The required experience value in an RPG, level, status indicator; there wasn't anything there at all. I bit my lips and repeated them.
"Un... Object Control Authority... this..."
The term gave me a feeling that it should be a numerical parameter related to the tool. However, I had no idea how big the parameter 38 here.
I sighed and looked up to see the back of Eugeo swinging the axe diligently. As I watched him, I suddenly had an idea, so I removed my own window and tried to check out the information on the Blue Rose Sword. I undid the rope knot slightly, showed a bit of the hilt, drew a mark and tapped it lightly.
The window that appeared showed the life value 197700 that could match the Gigas Cedar and also the thing I wanted to see. Below the life value, there's a [Class 45 Object] indicated there. There was a very high chance that this had something to do with the Control Authority I just saw. My Authority's 38, far less than 45.
I removed the window of the sword and tied the bag up before sitting beside the sword. I looked through the gaps between the leaves of the Gigas Cedar and looked up at the sky, and couldn't help but sigh. I got a lot of information, but I still couldn't wield the Blue Rose Sword. This fact itself was confirmed by the numerical value I saw just now. I probably could do it if I raised my Authority level to 45, but I couldn't find any way.
If this world used an ordinary VRMMORPG system, I will have to continuously practice or beat monsters to gain experience. I really have no idea if I have enough time to try out the former, and I haven't found a monster yet. If I met a situation of 'Getting a rare item but not at a level high enough to equip it', the normal response was to gain experience here by working here. However, I'm only left with despair if I can't find a way to raise my experience.
The MMO game is most interesting when there's no clearing website and the player has to start from the beginning and test everything out — that's what the heavy users would say, and they would definitely not say this once they returned to reality. As I'm thinking about this, Eugeo finished his 50 swings, wiped his sweat away and turned around.
"How about it, Kirito? Do you still want to swing the axe?"
"Ahh... my pain has subsided somewhat."
I staggered up with my feet and reached my right hand out to grab the Dragon Bone Axe. It was really a lot lighter than the Blue Rose Sword.
Well, let's pray that swinging the axe will increase that parameter. I thought as I wielded the axe and took it back by pulling it behind.

"Uahhh...this is absolutely paradise..."
I soaked my body that was still not used to the fatigue and soaked myself inside the warm water and couldn't help but say that out.
The bath hall of the Rulid church was built with a large bronze water tank that had burnt tiles under it and had a furnace built outside the wall to add firewood to heat the water. It really reminded me of the middle ages bathhouses in Europe. I have no idea whether it's designed as such by the creator of this world or an outcome of a self-evolution through simulation of several hundred years.
After dinner, the two females Sister Azariya and Selka used it, and after that, I entered with the other 4 boys. After some ruckus, the kids finally left. However, there was no dirt in this container full of bath water. I used both hands to raise the transparent liquid and splash it hard at my head before letting out a delayed sound. Ufuee~
At this point, I've been in this world for about 33 hours.
The FLA acceleration rate as I dive is unknown, so I can't deduce how much actual time has passed. If it's of equal rate — the same rate as reality, and if I'm missing, my family members and Asuna will be panicking.
On thinking about this, the anxiety rose up my throat, causing me to be unable to relax in the bath and frantically thought of a way to leave this place. But on the other hand, I really wanted to find out other mysteries in this world.
I, who was able to keep the memories of Kirigaya Kazuto as I arrived in this world, can only think that there's something abnormal going on. That's because my own actions alone will cause a drastic deviation in the simulation test. The researchers probably don't want to see me corrupt this grand experiment that has lasted for at least 300 years.
In other words, the moment I encountered such a shocking crisis, I may have encountered a once in a thousand chance as well. That is, I can discover the real identity of RATH — which has lots of financial power that doesn't match its size and visibility — the mysterious organization. This was the first and last chance for me.
"No... this may be, another, excuse..."
I dipped my mouth into the water, let out bubbles and said this.
Or maybe, I'm simply driven by my desire as a VRMMO player. I am driven by this absolutely foolish and immature desire to «clear» this «world»—this world that doesn't have any manual, and barge through using my own knowledge and instincts, refine my sword skills and beat lots of amazing guys to head for the goal to be the strongest.
Being strong in the virtual world, to put it simply, is a false impression created by the values of the parameters, and I thought of this many times in the past. When Heathcliff broke through my highest level dual-wielding sword skill, when I collapsed in front of the Fairy King Oberon in a very ugly state, and when I was pursued by Death Gun and wondering whether I should run away when I'm at my wits end, I gritted my teeth all the time and swore that I wouldn't make the same mistake the next time.
But at the same time, the flames burning inside me seemed like they wanted to devour me in fire. That Blue Rose Sword that I can't wield, how many people can easily wield it in this world? How strong are the Integrity Knights that protect the law and the Dark Knights of the dark world? What kind of guys are the ones at the top positions of the Axiom Church in this world...?
I subconsciously waved my right hand to break the water surface, and the water that flew hit the wall in front of me and let out a slight sound.
At the same time, a sound could be heard from the door leading to the changing room, causing me to recover.
"Arre, is anyone inside?"
I realized that it's Selka, and hurriedly stood up.
"Ah, well, it's me — Kirito. Sorry, I'll get out immediately."
"U...un. Take your time. Remember to remove the stopper of the tank when you go out and turn off the lamp. Good bye then...I'll be going back to my room, so good night."
Realizing that Selka was about to leave, I suddenly called her to stop her from behind the door.
"Ah...Selka. I have something to ask you. Are you free tonight?"
Selka suddenly stopped and remained silent for a while in a seemingly hesitant manner, but finally said in a barely audible voice,
"...A little can do. The kids in my room should be sleeping, so I'll wait in your room."
She walked over in small steps without waiting for my answer. I hurriedly got out from the tank, removed the stopper at the bottom of the tank, turned off the lamp and walked towards the changing room. Even if I didn't wipe myself with a towel, the water droplets would dry off quickly. I put on some home clothes and returned to the peaceful corridor before climbing up the stairs.
I opened the door to the guest room, and Selka, who was moving her legs as she sat on the side of the bed, lifted her head. Unlike last night, she was wearing a cotton nightgown, and her brown hair was tied in three tails.
Selka didn't show any change in expression as she took up the last glass placed on the table beside her and handed it over to me.
"Oh, thanks."
I received the drink and sat beside Selka before drinking up the icy cold well water. It felt like the water was entering my thirsty body as it seeped to the tip of my limbs drop by drop. This feeling caused me to exclaim,
"Uu—nectar, nectar!"
"Nectar? What's that?"
After that, Selka tilted her head while looking like she didn't understand. Damn it, this term doesn't exist in this world. I panicked when I realized this.
"Errm... it's something that can be said to be tasty, a water that feels like it heals once someone drinks from it... or something like that."
"Fmm... like an elixir?"
"Wha, what's that?"
"The priest-samas' holy water of blessing. You may not have seen it before, but just a small bottle of that thing can immediately recover any life that's reduced by injuries or illnesses."
"Eh..."
Since there's such a thing, why did the virus cause so many deaths? I thought about this, but realized that it's better not to ask this and remained silent. At least this world ruled by this amazingly-named Axiom Church isn't a paradise like I thought, and that's how it is.
Selka received the glass of water I returned and said with a very fast speed,
"If you have anything to ask me, please hurry. It's forbidden for me to enter a boy's room after bathing, but the guest room doesn't count. However, Sister Azariya will scold me if she knows about it."
"Well...I'm really sorry. I'll just ask then. Actually...I want to hear about your sister."
Suddenly, the slender shoulders under the white nightgown trembled slightly.
"...I don't have an onee-san."
"As in right now? I heard about it from Eugeo, about your sister, Alice..."
Before I could even finish speaking, Selka lifted her head, which surprised me slightly.
"From Eugeo? He told you about Alice nee-sama? Until where?"
"Ah...un, well... Alice studied sacred arts in this church...and six years ago, she was taken to the capital by the Integrity Knight..."
"...I see..."
Selka sighed slightly and lowered her head, whispering as she continued,
"...Eugeo, he still hasn't forgotten... about Alice nee-sama..."
"Eh...?"
"Everyone in the village...whether it's father, mother, Sister, all of them wouldn't say anything about Alice nee-sama. Her room was tidied up several years ago... as if Alice nee-sama's room never existed... that's why, I thought everyone forgot about Alice nee-sama... so Eugeo..."
"What do you mean he forgot? Eugeo really missed Alice. Because of that... if he didn't have his Sacred Task, he may have rushed to the capital."
On hearing my words, Selka remained silent for a while, and then whispered,
"Is that so... then, the reason Eugeo never smiles anymore was because what happened to Alice nee-sama."
"Eugeo... never smiles?"
"Ehh. When nee-sama was in that village, he was always smiling. It was really rare to not see him smile. I was very young back then, but I still remember clearly... however, after nee-sama went, I almost never saw Eugeo's smiling face. Also... on his rest days, if he wasn't cooped up at home, he would head to the forest, being alone all the time..."
I continued to listen as I thought inside my heart. It's true that Eugeo's someone who does things in a calm manner, but he doesn't give off an introverted aura. He was smiling quite a bit when he was talking to me when we went to the forest, were returning back to the village, and even during rest time.
The reason why he couldn't show his smile to Selka and the villagers is most likely — guilt. Alice, who was beloved and given lofty expectations towards, was taken away, and perhaps he had such guilt at being unable to do anything...? He wouldn't blame himself in front of me, an outsider when I don't know anything, so maybe that's why.
If that's the case, Eugeo's soul is definitely not created by a program. He has a real consciousness and soul like me... and the Fluctlight. During the past 6 years, he's been gravely hurt by the troubles bothering him.
I have to go to the capital. I again strengthened this thought in me. It's not just for myself as I want to let Eugeo leave the village to meet Alice and let both of them reunite. This idea continued to remain inside my mind without being able to scatter away. In that case, I have to cut down the Gigas Cedar...
"...Hey, what are you thinking about?"
Selka's words dragged me back from my thoughts. I lifted my face and said to her,
"Nothing... just thinking about something. Like you said, Eugeo really treated Alice dearly."
Just when I said those words in my heart, Selka's face seemed to tremble. The beautiful eyebrows and large eyes showed a lonely expression.
"I... see. Just as I expected."
As she dropped her shoulders and whispered such words, even a blockhead like me realized it.
"Selka... do you like Eugeo?"
"Wha... what are you saying?"
Her eyebrows curled up to show a protesting look, but her face was already so red it reached the neck. I thought she would lower her head, but she said while looking slightly tense.
"...It's just that, I can't take it... whether it was father or mother, even when they never said so, they kept sighing when they compared me to nee-sama when she's not around, and the other adults are the same. That's why I left home and moved to the church. Even when I came here... it's the same with Sister Azariya. I just feel when she's teaching me sacred arts that she would say that nee-sama just needed one time before being able to learn it — but Eugeo's not like that... but he continued to avoid me. Perhaps he would think of nee-sama when he sees me. All of this... it's not my fault! I can't even remember nee-sama's face...!"
The petite profile under the thin nightgown jerked, and to be honest, my heart was greatly touched. This may be because up till now, in a corner of my mind, I always thought that this world was going through some simulation, and even though Selka and the rest may not be programs, they were all temporary existences. I looked at this 12-year-old girl that continued to cry, and didn't know what to do as my body stiffened. Selka used her right hand to wipe the tears off her eyes.
"...Sorry. I got too agitated."
"No... it's fine. Well, if you feel like crying, I guess it's best to just cry it out."
Why am I saying such things? Even though I felt this way, this line that seemed to be from some popular idol drama in Japan in the 21st century caused Selka to smile as she nodded honestly.
"...Un, yeah. I am feeling somewhat happy. It's been awhile since I cried in front of others."
"Heh. You're rather amazing, Selka. I was crying in front of others at your age, you know."
My mind remembered the times I cried in front of Asuna and Suguha as I said this. Selka widened her eyes and looked at me,
"Well...Kirito, have you regained your memories?"
"Ah...no, no, of course not... I just have this kind of feeling... an, anyway, I'm me, and not others... that's why I feel that you just need to do what you can do, Selka."
This is yet another clichéd line. Selka pondered for a while, and then nodded her head.
"...Yeah. I... might be unable to face the fact that I have nee-sama straight in the eye..."
As I watched her say such words with a determined attitude, I really felt guilty since I will take Eugeo away from her. Just when I was thinking hard, the bell tower above us rang out a melody.


"Ah... it's 9 now. I should go back to my room. Oh yes...is that all you want to hear, Kirito?"
Selka tilted her head as she asked this, and I answered with 'No, that's enough'.
"Is that so. I'll go back then."
Selka got up from the bed and headed to the door, but after several steps, she stopped and turned,
"I say... Kirito. Do you also know why nee-sama was taken away by the Integrity Knight?"
"Eh... ahh. What about it?"
"I don't know at all. Father wouldn't say anything... I once asked Eugeo a long time ago, but he wouldn't tell me. Then, what's the reason?"
I hesitated for a slight moment, but once I remembered that reason, I just can't help but say it.
"Well... I think it's that, they went into a certain cave at the top of the river and passed through the Mountain range at the Edge, and her hand touched the land of the darkness, so that's what I heard..."
"...I see... she went through the Mountain range at the Edge..."
Selka seemed to be pondering about something, but she soon nodded and continued,
"It's a rest day to tomorrow, but prayer time is the same as usual. Remember to wake up. I don't want to wake you up."
"I, I'll try."
For an instant, Selka smiled, and then opened the door before leaving.
I heard her footsteps move further away before lying down on the bed. I really wanted to get some information on this mysterious girl called Alice, but Selka, who was only 5 or 6 back then, really didn't have any memories, as expected. What I know is that Eugeo's feelings for Alice are really great.
I closed my eyes and tried to recall the profile of that girl called Alice.
But my mind definitely couldn't picture her face, as a golden light flashed through my eyes.

The next morning, I was painfully made aware of how little I actually thought that through.

Part 4[edit]
*Klang*. The 5:30 bell rang, and I opened my eyes at that moment, thinking that I should do what I could do at this moment as I got off the neat bed.
I opened the window to the north, stretched my back, and took a deep breath full of cold air dyed with the color of dawn. I took a few deep breaths, and the sleepiness remaining within the back of my head disappeared completely.
I pricked my ears to listen, and the kids in the room opposite the corridor had woken up as well. I quickly changed my clothes so that I had the chance to wash myself at the well before them.
My «Initial Equipment», the tunic and cotton pants, showed no signs of obvious stains, but Eugeo said that their lives would quickly drop if I don't wash them. If that was the case, it was about time for me to consider changing my clothes. I would discuss this with Eugeo - I thought as I walked out of the back door and arrived at the well.
I took a few scoops of water from the pail and poured it into the tray, and as I bent down to wash my face, someone quickly approached me from behind. It's most likely Selka, I thought as I lifted myself up, wiping off the water on my hands as I turned around.
"Ahh...morning, Sister."
Standing over there was Sister Azariya, who was in a habit, which didn't show any sign of sloppiness. I hurriedly lowered my head, and she nodded and answered 'morning'. My heart was really shocked to see her stern lips curled up more than usual.
"Then... Sister, is there something...?"
I asked tentatively. The Sister blinked hesitantly and simply said,
"—Selka is missing."
"Eh..."
"Kirito-san, do you know anything? Selka seemed to be very close to you..."
Was she suspecting that I did something to Selka? I felt very embarrassed for a moment, but immediately felt that was not the case. In this world which had the absolute law, the Taboo Index that no one could break, the Sister probably didn't even think of a huge crime like kidnapping a girl. In other words, she felt that Selka disappeared on her own, and simply wanted to ask if I knew where she went.
"Well... no, I've never heard anything... it's a rest day today, right? Did she go home?"
I racked my still-sleepy brain as I said this, but the Sister immediately shook her head.
"Selka has never gone home ever since she came to this church two years ago. Even if she did, she would have told me so without hiding anything. She went off without even attending worship this morning. Even though— there's no rule that forbids her from doing so..."
"Then... did she go off to buy something? How are the ingredients for breakfast prepared?"
"We bought two days worth of food yesterday and stored them last night because the shops in the village are all on break."
"Ahh... I see."
At this moment, my lacking imagination reached its limit.
"...She must have had something urgent going on. She'll definitely come back."
"...It'll be good if that were the case..."
Sister Azariya continued to frown in a worried manner, but still sighed lightly in the end.
"Then, we'll wait 'till noon. If she still hasn't come back, I'll look for the people at the village council to discuss this. Sorry for bothering you. I still have to prepare for worship, so I'll take my leave then."
"Well... I'll go around nearby to look."
After watching the Sister nod, bow and leave, I poured away the water in the tray, all the while having a bad feeling about this. I remembered that I was a little worried when I talked to Selka yesterday, but I couldn't remember what it was about. What did I say to cause Selka to go missing?
I finished the worship with anxiety in my heart, comforted the kids who were continuously asking where Selka nee-chan went to, finished my breakfast, and the girl still hadn't came back. I hurriedly cleared up the utensils for breakfast and walked out of the front door of the church.
I didn't agree with Eugeo to meet here, but as the bell rang at 8, I could still see the flax-colored hair walking into the plaza from the road in the north. I surged out, and ran towards him.
"Ya, Kirito. Good morning."
"Morning, Eugeo."
I saw Eugeo, who was smiling at me like yesterday, and simply greeted him before continuing,
"Are you resting the entire day too, Eugeo?"
"That's right, yeah. That's why I want to bring you around the village, Kirito."
"That's good, but before that, I need your help. Selka has gone missing since morning... I want to go around to look... "
"Ehh?"
Eugeo widened his green eyes, and then frowned worriedly.
"She left the church without telling Sister Azariya anything?"
"Seemed so. The Sister even said that this is the first time such a thing happened. Eugeo, do you know where Selka may have gone?"
"Where she could be, huh? Even if you ask me..."
"I told some things about Alice to Selka last night, so I want to see if there is any place she might have memories with Alice..."
At this moment, I finally realized, at a moment so late it amazed me, the truth behind the anxiety inside my heart.
"Ahh..."
"What, is there something wrong, Kirito?"
"Don't tell me... —Hey, Eugeo. You didn't tell Selka the reason Alice was taken away by the Integrity Knight when she asked you, right? Why?"
Eugeo blinked a few times, and finally nodded slowly.
"Ahh... that did happen before. Why... as for why I didn't say so... I'm not so sure about the reason... but maybe I was worrying that Selka would try to follow Alice's footsteps..."
"That's it."
I groaned softly.
"I told Selka last night about Alice touching the land of darkness... Selka must have gone to the Mountain range at the Edge."
"EEHH!!"
Eugeo's face immediately turned pale.
"That's very bad. We have to get her back before the villagers find out and chase after her... when did Selka leave?"
"I don't know. She was gone when I woke up at 5:30..."
"In this season, dawn is around 5. It's impossible to walk in the forest if she leaves earlier. In that case, 3 hours..."
Eugeo looked up at the sky and continued,
"When Alice and I went to the cave, we spent less than 5 hours on our feet while we're kids. Selka's most likely halfway there. I don't know if we can catch up if we chase after her now..."
"Got to be fast. Let's move."
I said anxiously, and Eugeo nodded hard,
"No time to get ready. Luckily, we will be moving down the river, so there's no need to worry about water. Alright... this way."
Eugeo and I walked towards the north at a speed that wouldn't cause everyone else to feel weird.
The shops were becoming sparse, and once we saw that there weren't any more pedestrians, we dashed down the stone steps at a speed where we were almost going to fall off. After spending about 5 minutes walking towards the bridge above the river, we got past the eyes of the guard in the sentry post before running out of the village.
Unlike the wheat fields that stretched down the horizon in the south, the north of the village had a thick forest. A river circled around the hill that formed Rulid village and headed through the forests, extending out of both the north and south of the village. There was a small path with thin grass growing on the river bank.
Eugeo kept his eyes on the path that shifted to the riverside, walked for another 10 steps and stopped. He used his left hand to stop me and knelt down, using his right hand to touch some slightly tall grass.
"It's here...there are some signs that this place has been stepped on."
He muttered and quickly drew a mark to summon the «Window» of the grass.
"The Life has decreased by a little. If it were an adult, it would have been decreased a lot more. A kid definitely came by here before. Let's hurry."
"Ah...ahh."
I nodded and followed Eugeo, who was becoming faster.
No matter how far we moved, the scenery of the river on the right and the forest on the left never changed. Along the way, we passed by a lake and a slightly sloped region. It just made me feel like I had entered the «loop landscape» trap that most RPGs have. I could no longer hear the sound of the bell on the tower, and could only deduce the time from the sun that rose up bit by bit.
Eugeo and I continued to jog down the river, and if it were the me in the real world, I'd be completely breathless in less than 30 minutes. Luckily, the men in this world seemed to have a rather high average resilience, and I felt that it's more comforting than tiring to move my body. I once suggested to Eugeo to go a little faster, but Eugeo said that if we moved too fast, our life would drop quickly, and we wouldn't be able to move if we don't stop and rest for a long time.
Just like that, we kept running for 2 hours at a suitable speed, but there was still no sign of the girl in front of us. Speaking of which, based on the time now, Selka may have already reached the cave. The restlessness and anxiety spread through my mouth with a slightly metallic smell.
"I say... Eugeo."
I said as I took note not to mess up my breathing. Eugeo, who was running on the front side in front of me, turned back to look.
"What is it?"
"This is just for precaution's sake...but if Selka enters the land of darkness, will she be taken immediately by the Integrity Knight?"
At this moment, Eugeo looked like he was searching through his memory, and immediately denied it.
"No...I guess the Integrity Knight will most probably fly over to the village tomorrow morning. It was the same six years ago."
"I see... then, even if it is the worst case scenario, there's still a chance to save Selka."
"...What are you thinking about, Kirito?"
"Simple. Today, if we bring Selka away from the village, we might be able to hide from the Integrity Knight's pursuit."
"..."
Eugeo turned his face forward, remained silent, and whispered,
"How is that... possible. What about the Sacred Task...?"
"I never said that you have to come along, Eugeo."
I deliberately said with a taunting tone.
"I'll take Selka away. It was my fault for talking too much, so I'm bearing responsibility for this."
"...Kirito..."
On seeing Eugeo's face from the side showing such a hurt expression, I felt a sharp pain deep inside. However, this was to shake his sturdy «Obedient Will». Even though I'm scolding myself deep inside for using Selka's crisis, I had to make sure right this moment whether the Taboo Index was just a philosophical law or an absolute rule to the people living in this world.
After that, Eugeo slowly shook his head, several seconds later.
"No... it's impossible, Kirito. Selka has a Sacred Task too. Even if I know that the Integrity Knights are out to capture her, I can't let you go with her. And I don't think things will develop to such an extent. Selka can't possibly commit such a grave crime."
"But Alice did it."
I simply gave an example. With that, Eugeo bit his lips tightly and shook his head hard to deny it again.
"Alice... Alice was special. She was different from everyone else in the village. Even me... and of course, different from Selka too."
After saying that, he increased his pace as if he didn't want to continue talking. I followed him from behind, whispering to that girl whose name I only knew in my heart,
—Alice... what in the world are you?
To the residents, including Eugeo and Selka, the Taboo Index wasn't something that could be broken even if they wanted to. It's like people in real life being unable to break the laws of physics that states that they couldn't fly. This was something that affirmed my observation that «they were still different from me as humans even though they have real Fluctlights».
However, breaking a powerful Taboo...what kind of existence is this girl called Alice who could break such a powerful Taboo? Is she a test player like me using the STL? Or—
My feet moved on their own as I tried to piece together all sorts of thoughts in my mind. At this moment, Eugeo broke the silence.
"I see it, Kirito."
I lifted my face, and like he said, at the break of the forest, I could see greyish-white rocks lining up.
Both of us dashed down the remaining few hundred meters left and stopped at the grassy patch that became gravel. I panted in a slightly heavy manner and looked up at the scene in front of me in a dumbstruck manner.
It was not the virtual world— the change in area was really too clear-cut, causing me to think of saying such a thing. There was only a very narrow buffer zone splitting it, and abruptly, it became a rocky mountain that was almost vertical. The amazing thing was that if I raised my hand, the places I could touch were covered with thin snow. I didn't know how tall it was, but there was pure white light flashing nearby.
The snowy mountains extended out to both left and right sides of where I stood, until I could no longer see them. It felt like they wanted to divide «this side» and «the opposite side» of this world perfectly. If this world really had a designer, I really wanted to complain that his design for the boundary was too simple.
"Is this...the Mountain range at the Edge? And on the other side is the land of darkness...?"
I whispered with disbelief. Eugeo nodded.
"I was shocked when I came here for the first time. This Mountain range at the Edge..."
"...Is so close to us now."
I sighed as I continued and subconsciously tilted my head. It was a road that had no obstacles, no split paths and a distance that could be covered in 2.5 hours just by walking faster. It was like— like it was luring us, luring the residents over to the Taboo area. Or it may be the other way around, inviting people from the land of darkness to invade...
Eugeo turned to me, who was relaxed, and said anxiously.
"Then, let's hurry. There's most likely still a 30 minutes distance between us and Selka. Once we find her and pull her back, we might be able to go back to the village while it's still bright.
"Ah, ahh... you're right."
I looked over at where he was pointing at, and I could see that the river we walked down was being sucked in —or rather, flowing out— from a protruding hole in the wall.
"Is that it..."
We jogged in. The height and width of the wall wasn't small, and on the left side of the trail of water that was flowing, there was a stone path wide enough for two people to walk side by side. The hole was completely covered in darkness, and there would occasionally be a cold wind blowing.
"Oi, Eugeo...how do we light this place?"
I had completely forgotten about the necessary items needed for exploring a cave and panicked when I said it. Eugeo nodded with an expression indicating to leave it to him, and raised a piece of grass that even I didn't know when he had picked up. What are you going to do with a bristlegrass? Just when I looked forward in a dumbstruck manner, Eugeo said with a serious expression.
"Systemシステム・Call!コール！　Litリット・Smallスモール・Rod!ロッド！"
«System Call»? Just when I was startled—
The tip of the grass Eugeo grabbed onto let out a bluish-white light with a *swoosh*, and the brightness was enough to illuminate several meters of darkness. Eugeo raised it and stepped into the cave.
My surprise didn't fade at all as I hurriedly followed him and walked beside him, asking,
"Eu-Eugeo... just now, that was?"
Eugeo frowned sternly, but obviously showed a delighted expression as he answered,
"This is a sacred art, but it's just very simple. I learned this by practising hard in order to get the «Blue Rose Sword» last year."
"Sacred art... You said... stuff like 'System' or 'Lit'... do you know what they mean?"
"They... don't have any meaning, it's just a formulaic line. It's a sentence used to call god and pray for a miracle. The higher level sacred arts seem to be a lot longer than the one just now."
I see, so he just treated it as a spell without thinking of it as a form of language. I nodded away deep inside my heart. However, this spell really demanded instant effects. The designer of this world was indubitably a realistic person.
"I say... can I use it?"
It wasn't the best situation at the moment, but I still asked with a thought to try. Eugeo started pondering with uncertainty.
"I practised this spell whenever I had free time in my work, and spent a month to learn this spell. Alice said before that those with aptitude would learn it in one day, and those who don't have it will never be able to learn it in their lifetime. I don't know your aptitude, Kirito, but it might be impossible for you to learn it immediately..."
In other words, if I wanted to use magic... sacred arts, I had to practice it countless times to raise my skill level. This really wasn't something that could be mastered instantly. I could only give up for now and stare at the darkness in front of me.
The moist grey stone path was meandering forward. Icy cold wind that could cut the skin blew over at me from the front. I had an ally with me, but I didn't even have a wooden stick, let alone a sword, which really worried me.
"I say... Did Selka really come into such a place...?"
I couldn't help myself from muttering. Eugeo silently used the glowing bristlegrass to light the ground.
"Ah..."
The bluish-white ball of light showed a shallow frozen puddle. The center of the puddle was trampled upon, creating cracks all round.
I tried to step on it, and the ice let out a cracking sound as the cracks became bigger. In other words, there was someone lighter than me who had just walked on the ice not too long ago.
"I see... Guess we're right then. Really... I don't know whether she's just reckless or doesn't know fear..."
I couldn't help but mutter. On hearing that, Eugeo tilted his head in a puzzled manner.
"Actually, there's nothing much to be scared about. There's no white dragon inside this cave, not even a rat or a bat here."
"I-Is that so..."
I was again reminded that even though there were enemies, there were no attacking monsters. At least I could assume that the mountain range at the edge was inside the field area in a VRMMO.
My back that had been tensing up for some reason relaxed at this point— and at this moment.
There was a strange sound that came with the wind coming from the darkness in front of us. Eugeo and I glanced at each other. *Gii*, *gii*, that sound seemed to be some cry from a certain kind of bird or wild beast.
"Oi... What was that just now?"
"...Well... It's the first time I'm hearing this sound... Ah."
"Wha-What is it this time?"
"Do you... smell something, Kirito...?"
On hearing him say this, I tried hard to smell the incoming wind.
"Ahh... something, giving a burnt smell... and... "
The burnt-resin smell had a small underlying miasma of beasts in it. My expression changed the moment I smelled this. This really wasn't a smell that I could bring myself to relax over.
"What is this... "
Just when I forced out these words, another sound came, and I gasped.
"KYAAAAAAHHH...!!!!" and, the long dragged out voice was undoubtedly the scream of a girl.
"NOT GOOD!"
"SELKA...!"
Eugeo and I shouted at the same time as we dashed down the slippery stone path that had frozen on top.
I was unleashed into the biggest sense of danger —so huge that I couldn't recall any other situation where I had had a stronger feeling— as it struck my body like ice, numbing my limbs.
As expected, «Underworld» wasn't a complete paradise. There was a pitch black malice wrapped under the thin layer of peace. It would be illogical otherwise. This world was most likely like a giant clamp holding down all the residents in between. A certain person spent hundreds of years unscrewing the clamp slowly, watching whether the residents would unite to resist or feebly get crushed.
Rulid village was most likely one of the closest places to the clamp. As the «final moment» continued to approach, the souls of the residents being annihilated and disappearing would continue to increase.
But I would definitely not allow Selka to become the first one. That was because I was the one who got her to this cave. I had to make sure that she would come back safely in order to take responsibility for getting her fate involved...
Eugeo and I continued to dash at full speed, relying upon the weak light of the grass. Our breathing became erratic, and whenever we inhaled, our chests would feel pain. We nearly slipped a few times, and the knees and wrists that hit the ice walls would continue to hurt. It wasn't hard to imagine that both our «lives» were decreasing. However, even if it was so, we couldn't slow down.
As we continued to move forward, the smell of burning wood and the wild stench became thicker. *Gii gii*, the sounds could be heard with the metallic sounds *gacha* *gacha*. I didn't know what kind of people were waiting in front of me, but I could easily imagine that they weren't some friendly guys.
Since I don't even have a knife on my waist at all, I should plan some strategy before heading forward cautiously... I whispered to myself as a game player, but the feeling that it was not the time for this overwhelmed me. Eugeo's face was even grimmer than mine as he quickly dashed forward with tremendous speed. No matter what, I couldn't possibly stop him.
Suddenly, there was an orange light swaying on the wall in front of us. From the reflection, it seemed that it was a rather large dome inside. My skin felt a clear prickling sensation at the enemies' presence, there were many of them— a whole lot. I prayed that Selka was fine as I stepped into the dome space with Eugeo.
I have to look around and take the most suitable option— as fast as possible.
I followed the deduction made in my mind and widened my eyes to access the situation like a wide-view camera snapping away.
Basically, the round dome was about 50m in diameter. The ground was covered by a thick layer of ice, but there was a large crack that opened in the middle, showing the bluish-black surface of water.
The orange light came from two clusters of bonfires. In black metal cages, *pacha* *pacha*, the firewood was burning away.
Also, right around the two clusters of bonfires, there was a group of things that looked humanoid but were obviously neither humans nor wild beasts, and there were more than 30 of them.
Each of them, or it should be said that every single one of them, weren't large. The head of the thing standing was only at my height, but their bodies with slightly slouched backs were rather muscular, especially the arms that looked weird and the hands that had sharp claws on the ends that looked like they could rip anything apart. They had bright leather armor on, and their waist had all sorts of fur, bones and little bags jingling there. Also— even though they were crude, I could feel power from their crafting machetes.
Their skins were dark grayish-green, and they had some light bristles growing on them. All of them were fully bald, without exception, and they were growing fur only on the side of the sharp and pointy ears, like wires. They had no eyebrows, and below the protruding forehead, there were eyes that were so big that they didn't match their body at all, all giving off a corroded yellow.
They were extremely abnormal— and also things that I had been used to seeing.
They were the low-level monsters «Goblins» that would definitely appear in RPGs I was familiar with. Having realized that, I heaved a sigh. Goblins were basically monsters used for beginners to train and gain experience, and their stats were normally very low.
However, this relaxed feeling could only last until the one that was standing closest to Eugeo and me discovered us and turned around.
My bones were frozen as well the moment I felt the expression coming out from the yellow eyes of that guy. Its eyes were showing doubt and surprise, which then changed to a cruel delight and endless hunger. That was enough to make me tremble like a small insect stuck in a large spider's web.
These guys weren't programs as well.
I realized this clearly in the midst of my overwhelming fear.
These goblins had real souls as well, of a similar nature to Eugeo and me to a certain extent, intellects born from Fluctlights.
But why—? Why was there such a thing?
During the approximate 2 days I was released into this world, I had a rough deduction on what kind of existence Eugeo, Selka and the other residents were. They were most likely «Artificial Fluctlights» kept inside some artificial medium and not saved in a living person's brain. I couldn't imagine what kind of medium could preserve a human's soul, but at least it wasn't hard to imagine that since the STL could read souls, it should be able to duplicate them.
It was really a scary thought, but the source of the duplication was most likely a new-born's Fluctlight. They could have duplicated that thing called the «Original Form of the Soul» endlessly and let them grow up from babies in this world. Other than that, there was no other hypothesis that could explain why the Underworld residents had 'Real Intellect' and 'Outnumbered the current number of STLs'. What I was scared about on the first night was that the reason why RATH challenged god was— to create a real AI, an Artificial Intelligence, and used human souls as a mould.
This aim was already 90% complete. Eugeo's foresight had already far surpassed mine, and his complex emotions already had more depth. In other words, it wouldn't be strange for RATH to end this grand yet arrogant experiment at all.
But the experiment still continued on, which showed that RATH was still not happy about the current results. What was lacking? I kept thinking about this, and maybe it had something to do with that «Taboo Index», the rule that Eugeo and the rest couldn't break.
Anyway, this assumption could explain Eugeo and everyone else's existence. They were different from me in the physical dimension, but their souls were all «human», completely the same.
But— If that was the case, what were these goblins? This strong hatred that looked like it was about to flow out from the yellow eyeballs was...?
I didn't think, and was unwilling to think that the original form of their souls were human. Maybe RATH caught a real goblin in real life and let it use the STL— this fragmented thought flashed in my mind.
The goblin and I stared at each other for less than a second, but it was enough to terrify me. As I didn't know what to do and could only stand blankly, the goblin in front of me let out a sound, *Giii*— which may be a laugh, and stood up.
And then, it spoke.
"Oi, look up! What's going on today? Another 2 white Ium brats have come running here!"
At the same time, there were cackles, *gigi*, *gigi*, coming from all over the dome. From the nearest one, the goblins all raised their machetes and stood up, giving off hungry looks.
"WHAT DO WE DO~? DO WE TAKE THEM AWAY AS WELL!?"
A goblin shouted initially. At this moment, the roar could be heard from behind, and all the goblins stopped laughing. From amidst the monsters, there was a goblin that was twice as large as the other goblins, looking like an officer-class.
This guy was equipped with scale mail, and the forehead had a decorative feather that was of primary colors. The eyes that had a tinge of red below the feather let out an overwhelming evil and icy cold-like intellect that could cause anyone to faint. The goblin leader smirked and bared its yellow untidy teeth before saying in a hoarse voice,
"We won't earn much even if we take the male Ium. Too much of a hassle. Let's just kill them all and turn them into meat."
Kill.
To what extent should I accept this term? I was lost.
I should be able to take away the possibility of real death here, where my physical body would actually take a fatal blow. These goblins couldn't possibly hurt my physical body lying in the STL in the real world.
But even so, I couldn't assume that this would be the same as an ordinary VRMMO and think that it would be just a bad status. That's because, in this world, there were no revival magic or items that existed for that purpose— other than with the Central area of the Church. If I got killed by them here, this «Kirito» will most likely meet his end.
Then, if I died, what would happen to me, the consciousness of the main body?
Would I have woken up in the Roppongi headquarters of RATH, and had the operator Higa Takeru hand me a drink while saying 'you've worked hard'? Or would I have awakened in that forest alone? Or would I become a bodiless soul that can only watch this world being destroyed?
Also, in this situation— what would became of the fates of Eugeo and Selka if they died here?
Unlike me, who had this «personal medium» that was my brain, they, Fluctlights who were kept inside some sort of large memory installation, may disappear completely once they died... that sort of thing was possible, right?
Oh yeah... Selka, where was she?
I interrupted my thoughts and focused on the scene in front of me.
As according to the instructions of the goblin leader, the four henchmen drew their machetes as they walked over to us, slowly, carefreely, baring their teeth and cackling, looking like they really intended to kill us.
The other goblins, that totalled more than 20, showed excited expressions, all cackling with delight, *gigi*. Behind them, I finally found the one I was looking for. I couldn't see clearly in the darkness, but Selka, in her black nun habit, was lying on a crude cart. Her body was tied up with a straw rope, her eyes closed tightly, but her expression looked like she should have just passed out.
If I remembered clearly, the goblin leader just now had said that male «Ium» —possibly referring to humans— couldn't be sold even if they're taken back, so they'll be killed.
On the other hand, the girl would be sold. They intended to kidnap Selka, take her back to the land of darkness and sell her as goods. If this continued without us doing anything, Eugeo and I would likely be killed, but the fate that awaited Selka would be even crueller. I couldn't just give up and let it become a part of simulation, absolutely not. She, like me, was a human— and just a 12-year-old girl at that.
In that case, what should I do—
"There's only one choice."
I muttered. Beside me, the frozen body of Eugeo moved.
We have to save Selka no matter what, even if I have to sacrifice my temporary life.
Of course, it wasn't that simple. The difference in battle strength was too great. While the 30 goblins were all equipped with machetes and armor equipment, we didn't even have a stick in hand. But even so, we had to go. What led to this situation were my careless words in the first place.
"Eugeo."
I stared in front and quickly whispered.
"Listen up. We're going to save Selka. Don't move."
"Got it." I immediately heard the response. Just as I expected, the heart within him was rather strong.
"I'll count to three, and then we'll knock down those four at the front to break through them. Our sizes are different, and we'll definitely succeed if we're not scared. I'll take the left, you take the right, and we'll throw the fires into the lake. Don't throw away the lit grass. Once the flames are out, pick up a sword from the ground and cover my back. Don't think of trying to beat them. I'll use this chance to deal with the big one."
"...I've never swung a sword before."
"It's similar to the axe. Let's go... one, two, three!"
We were on ice, but Eugeo and I didn't slip as we ran at the fastest speed we could muster. We kept praying that this luck would continue till the end, and I roared out from the bottom of my abdomen.
"UWOOOOHHHH!!!"
Eugeo was slower by a bit as he shouted "WAAAAAHHHH!!!' It sounded like a scream, but it did seem to be effective as the 4 goblins widened their yellowish-green eyes. However, they probably weren't stunned by the shouts, but by the fact that the «Ium brats» lunged at them.
I ran 10 paces, kept my body down and aimed for the leftmost goblin and the one beside it. My right shoulder lunged right over. Maybe it was the unexpected action and the correction effect of the difference in size that the two goblins turned twice and skidded off on the ice. I looked aside, and Eugeo's hit succeeded beautifully as the goblins rolled aside like turtle shells rolling.
I continued to charge and accelerated towards the goblin circle. Likely, these guys didn't seem to have much response ability as all of them could only look over blankly without standing up at all, including the leader.
Yes. Just stay around like that and don't move! I prayed as if I was scolding them as I ran past the gaps between the goblins and dashed across the last few meters.
At that moment, the goblin leader, who seemed to have a slightly higher intelligence than the rest, roared angrily,
"DON'T LET THEM GET NEAR THE FIRE—"
But he was a little late. Eugeo and I rushed to the fires and kicked them over to the water. A large amount of ash scattered around as the two large bonfire sank into the black water, leaving behind a *syuuu* sound as they were extinguished with a cloud of white steam.
The dome was immediately in complete darkness for a moment— and then, a faint bluish-white light scattered the darkness. It was the light on the bristlegrass that Eugeo was holding with his left hand.
At that moment, we got our second stroke of luck.
The goblins surrounding us all screamed out, some covering their faces and some turning their backs. I looked over and saw that even the goblin leader on the other side of the lake was bending his upper body back and using his left hand to cover its eyes.
"Kirito... this is...?"
Eugeo whispered in surprise. I simply answered him.
"Most likely...these guys are scared of this light. Now's our chance!"
From the weapons placed messily around the lake, I took out a crude straight sword that looked like a large metal sheet and a curved knife with a slightly wider volume at the front end. I put the knife in Eugeo's hands.
"This knife is used like an axe. Listen, use the bristlegrass' light to hold them off and chase off the guys closing in."
"Ki...Kirito?"
"I'll take that one down."
I simply answered and looked at the goblin leader that was glaring angrily from through the gaps between the fingers covering his face. I held the straight sword with both hands and quickly swung it left and right. Unlike its appearance, it felt a little dull, but it was a lot better than the Blue Rose Sword that was overly heavy.
"GURAAH! YOU IUM BRAT...YOU DARE TO TAKE ON THIS «LIZARD KILLER UGACHI»-SAMA!?"
The leader glared at me with one eye and closed in on me as it roared, drawing the large machete at its waist with its right hand. The pitch black blade had blood that seemed to show signs of rust on it, giving an abnormal pressure.
Can I beat him—!?
Facing this enemy who wasn't tall, but a lot heavier and more muscular than me, I panicked for an instant. However, I immediately gritted my teeth and moved forward. If I didn't beat this guy and save Selka, it would became a situation in which I have brought about the worst fate to her when I came to this world. Size wasn't a problem. In the Former Aincrad, I had had countless battles against enemies 3-4 times larger than me under the condition that I would really die if I lost.
"NO! I'M NOT GOING TO TAKE YOU ON! —I'M GOING TO CONQUER YOU!"
I shouted, partly directed at the leader and partly directed at myself as I immediately dashed through the remaining distance.
My left foot took a large step forward, using the sword to slash down at the left shoulder of enemy diagonally.
I didn't underestimate the enemy, but the goblin leader's reaction was a lot faster than I had imagined. It ignored my attack pattern and swung its machete horizontally. I kept my body down and barely managed to dodge it. I felt that my some of my hair touched it since it felt like they were ripped off. My sword hit home, but only shattered the metallic shoulder armor.
I would have been overwhelmed by force if I stopped. Having such a thought, I kept my center of gravity low and moved beside the enemy, aiming for the opened flank of the abdomen before swinging a horizontal attack. This time was the same as well. Even though I had the feeling, I couldn't break through the simple scale mail, and only managed to send maybe 5-6 sheets of metal flying.
SHARPEN YOUR OWN SWORD PROPERLY! I told off the owner of the sword in my heart, dodging the counterattacking strike that came swinging down from above. The thick blade of the machete pierced through the ice floor on the ground, and I shuddered in fear of the goblin's arm strength.
I definitely couldn't handle this if I simply used single attacks. I made this decision, and while the goblin recovered from its frozen stiff state, I took a huge step forward and launched my counterattack. My body started to move on its own in a semi-automatic manner as it once again moved in a similar way to the countless moves it did in other words, the killer technique called «Sword Skills».
At this moment, a phenomenon I had never imagined before happened.
My sword let out a very weak light that still remained. At the same time, my body flashed through at a speed that far exceeded the physics of this world. It was as if someone was pushing me with an invisible hand from behind.
The first strike that came swinging upwards from the bottom right position grazed past the enemy's left leg and stopped his motion.


The second strike that swung from left to right horizontally sliced the chest plate of the armor and made a light cut on the flesh inside.
The third strike that quickly swung down from the top right side sliced apart the left arm the enemy raised to defend himself from slightly below the elbow.
The fresh blood that came out from the sliced off surface was shown as pitch black under the bluish-white light. The left arm of the goblin that flew off, *kurukuru* fell into the lake on the left side, letting out a heavy splash.
—I won!
As I firmly believed this, I was thoroughly shocked.
That attack just now... the three-continuous-strike sword skill for one-handed swords, «Sharp Nail», wasn't just an appearance, but in fact it really happened. In the midst of slashing, the blade let out red trajectories in the air, and my body was accelerated by an invisible force. In other words, it was «System Assist» with a «Light Effect».
In other words, in this world, Underworld, sword skills really existed. The sword skills were installed into the system of the boosted world. 'Recreation of imagination' couldn't explain this phenomenon. I almost didn't realize that the skill I released was one. The system detected my initial motions and let out the sword skill through assist to correct my actions. If not, such a phenomenon couldn't have happened.
But if that was the case, there was a new question.
Yesterday, I used the single sword skill «Horizontal» with the «Blue Rose Sword» in order to cut down the demonic tree Gigas Cedar. That was an elementary skill that was a lot easier than «Sharp Nail»— just an ordinary swing. However, the system never helped me. The sword didn't glow, and my body didn't accelerate. The blade missed its target, and I fell in an awkward manner.
However, why was I able to use a sword skill at this moment? Was it because this was a real battle? But how did the system decide whether the player was seriously battling...?
As I made this thought, I blinked. In the old SAO, there wasn't much of an opening. I would be still after doing a continuous skill, and the enemy, having been greatly hurt, would be unable to move for the time being.
But— in this world, even with the sword skills, it isn't a VRMMO game. I foolishly forgot about that.
The goblin leader with its left arm sliced off was different from the polygon monsters, as it did not stop for even a moment. Its flashing yellow eyes didn't show any signs of fear nor emptiness, just overwhelming hatred inside. The pitch black blood flowed out from the wound as a scalding roar—
"GAUUAAAA!!!"
And quickly swung the machete in its right hand.
I couldn't dodge the incoming heavy blade that was flying horizontally in time. The area near the tip grazed my left shoulder, and the pressure alone sent me flying by more than 2m as my back landed hard on the icy surface.
At this moment, the goblin leader finally crouched down and put the machete in its mouth and used the right hand to grab onto the sliced off part of the left arm. *Misa misa* - a terrifying sound could be heard. The goblin leader forcefully crushed the flesh to stop the bleeding. Its actions obviously weren't of the standard kind of AI. Yes... I had noticed it the moment that thing declared its name to be «Ugachi». This wasn't a battle between player and monster, but two people wielding weapons trying to kill each other.
"Kirito! Are you hit!?"
Slightly further away, Eugeo used his right hand to hold on to the curved knife while his left hand held onto the glowing grass to hold off the goblin's henchmen.
I wanted to say 'It's just a scratch', but my stiff tongue couldn't move like I thought as I nodded with a trembling voice. As I used one hand to support myself onto the icy surface as I stood up—
A burning feeling came out from the left shoulder, feeling like it was going to burn through all my nerves. *Saka saka* — sparks appeared in my sight. I couldn't help but cry out as my throat let out a groan.
Such— tremendous pain!
It was far more than my pain tolerance could handle. I couldn't do anything other than curl myself and pant lightly. Even so, I still tried to look behind to see the damaged part of my shoulder. The sleeve on the tunic was completely ripped off, revealing a large and ugly wound on the skin. It was more like a wound ripped by a giant claw than a sword wound. The skin and the flesh under it was completely shaved off as bright-red blood continued to spurt out. My left arm was only left with a numbing hot feeling as my fingertips were unable to move, as though they didn't belong to me.
How could this possibly be the virtual world? I cried out inside my mind.
The point of the so-called virtual world was to eliminate all of reality's pains and difficulties, ugliness and filth, and achieve an environment that was clean and comfortable, right? What was the point of realistically creating such a level of pain and suffering? No— This pain was more than it would be realistically. If I had such an injury in real life, I would probably secrete brain chemicals or end up in a coma as a defensive mechanism, right? It wasn't possible for someone to endure such a level of pain...
—Maybe that was not it.
I tried hard to look away from my wound and mocked myself before changing my thoughts.
I, this person called Kirigaya Kazuto, was completely unused to real pain. In real life, I had never had any severe injuries ever since I grew up. When I was forced by grandfather to learn kendo, I quickly gave up. It was tough when I went through recuperation after SAO, but it was thanks to the most advanced training machines and supplementary medication that I didn't have to worry about pain.
Of course, there was nothing much more to be said about the virtual world. The Nerve Gear and AmuSphere had had a pain absorption function that could remove them almost completely, and the level to which it did so was such that I would wonder if it was too overprotective. Because of this, damage in battles was just a simple increase or decrease in Hit Points. Oh yeah, if such pain existed in Aincrad, I would definitely have been unable to leave the Starting City.
Underworld was a dreamland that was created, and also another reality.
I was uncertain how many days it was before, but I could finally understand the significance of the words I said to Agil in his shop. The so-called reality referred to real pain, hardship and sorrow. Only those who could endure these things that strike them, and overcome them, could get stronger in that world. The goblin leader, no, Ugachi already understood this, and I had never thought of this before.
At the front end of my vision, blurred by tears, Ugachi stopped the bleeding on the sliced off left arm and silently watched me. Its eyes shot out a look of utter vengeance as the surrounding air seemed to rumble. It put the machete it was biting on into its right hand and swung it. *Vun*.
"...Such humiliation, you'll never repay that even if I dice you up and devour you alive...however, let's do this."
Ugachi swirled the machete over its head *Vun, vun* and slowly closed in. I looked away from him, watching Selka, who was lying after being tied up tightly. My mind was thinking that I had to stand up, to stand and fight, but my body just couldn't move. It felt like the negative impression that had developed in me had become a restraint in reality and bound me...
The heavy footsteps suddenly stopped in front of me. The air was rumbling, and I felt that the giant blade was about to be lifted up. It was too late to either dodge or counter. I gritted my teeth and waited for the moment I was to be released from this world.
However, after a long while, the blade of the guillotine never dropped down. *Za zaa-* what replaced it was the sound of the ice surface being trampled on, and then, there was a familiar voice shouting,
"KIRITO—!!"
I widened my eyes in shock as I watched Eugeo leap past me to slash at Ugachi. He continued to swing his right hand wielding the curved knife wildly and forced the enemy to take two, three steps back.
The goblin was startled at first, but he immediately regained his composure and wielded the machete skilfully with only one hand and parried away Eugeo's attacks from left and right. For an instant, I forgot about my pain and yelled,
"STOP IT, EUGEO! HURRY UP AND RUN!!"
However, he continued to yell while losing himself and continued to swing the blade. As expected of someone who'd been swinging that heavy axe for a long time, every single hit's speed was eye-popping, but unfortunately, the motions were too simple. Ugachi first looked like he was enjoying the resistance of a prey as he continued to defend enthusiastically, and then, "GUASS!" It roared and used his toes to kick Eugeo's supporting leg. As Eugeo lost his balance and tripped, it easily raised its machete—

"STOOOPP ITTTTT——!!!"
Before my shout reached them, it casually swung horizontally.

Eugeo took a hit to the abdomen and was sent flying far away, landing right beside me with a blunt sound. I instinctively turned around, and a sharp pain occurred in my left shoulder like a flash, but this time, I ignored the pain and nudged over.
Eugeo's wound was a lot more serious than mine. His upper body was sliced open horizontally, and the jagged wound was bleeding out a lot of fresh blood at a horrifying rate. Under the light of the grass that was still held in his left hand, the irregular workings of the organs inside the wound were laid bare to my eyes.
*Cough*. With a heavy sound, Eugeo's mouth choked out blood with bubbles mixed in. The green eyes lost their light as they stared right above emptily.
However, Eugeo never stopped trying to stand up. His mouth breathed out air that had some red mist mixed within, trembling as he used both hands to support himself off the ground.
"Eugeo...that's enough...it's..."
I couldn't help but say. The pain on Eugeo's body was not something that could be compared to mine. It was definitely much more than what the normal consciousness could endure.
At that moment— the eyes that had lost their focus looked straight at me, and he blurted out the words that were drenched in blood.
"Whe-When we were young...we promised...me, Kirito...and Alice, from the day we were born together, to the time we die together...this time, I must definitely...protect...I must..."
At this moment Eugeo's arms suddenly lost their strength. I quickly reached out my arms to grab his body. Just when Eugeo's slender yet muscular weight was transferred onto me...
My vision was surrounded by an interrupted white flash, and at the deep part of the screen, there were vague shadows there.
Under the fiery red sunset, I was walking down a path between the wheat fields. The one holding my right hand was the young boy with flax-colored hair, and the one holding onto my left was a blond girl.
That's right...I believed that the world would never change. I believed that the three of us would continue to live together. However, we didn't manage to protect her. We couldn't do anything. How could I forget that despair, that helplessness? This time... This time, I'll definitely...
I could not feel the pain on my shoulder any more. I gently put the unconscious Eugeo onto the icy surface, reached my right hand out and held onto the hilt of the straight sword that dropped onto the floor.
I then looked up and swung horizontally at Ugachi, who was swinging down its machete just at that moment.
"GURAA...!"
The enemy roared out in surprise as its body swayed slightly. I used the momentum as I stood up to ram right into its abdomen. The goblin swayed again and took two, three steps back.
I pointed the sword in my right hand into the center of the enemy, took a deep breath, and exhaled.
It was true that I was a complete novice when it came to the pain of the physical body. However, I have experienced an absolute pain that far surpassed that. This kind of injury was nothing comparing to the pain of losing someone important. The pain of losing was the only thing that would never disappear no matter how anyone tried to manipulate through machines.
Ugachi let out a loud roar of intolerance, and the henchmen around him that were cackling away, *kiki*, all shut up.
"White Ium...don't get cocky!!"
I gathered my consciousness onto the blade tip of the machete as Ugachi charged over ferociously. *Kiiiin*. With this sound, everything else in my sights disappeared as radials. It was an accelerating feeling that I had forgotten for a long time, where my nerves started to feel hot. No— in this world, it should be said that my soul was burning.
As I faced the machete swinging down, I took a step forward to dodge it and slashed from the bottom left side, to cut off the right arm of the enemy near the shoulder. The machete that was swung together with the giant arm spun, *vuun vuun*, and landed in the midst of the surrounding goblins, causing lots of screams.
Ugachi, who had lost both its arms, was showing anger and more surprise in its yellow eyes as it swayed back. The black liquid that continued to seep out from its wound landed on the ice and created steam.
"...How did this great me lose to an Ium...a mere Ium brat..."
Without waiting for the panting voice to finish, I charged forward with all I got.
"No. My name's not «Ium»!"
I subconsciously said this. At the same time, the toes on the left foot, the fingertips on the right hand, and the sword tip that reached the fingertips became as sharp as a whip. The blade shone again, and this time it was a pale green light. An invisible hand pushed me hard from behind as I used the one-handed thrust sword skill, «Sonic Leap».
"I AM...THE SWORDSMAN KIRITO!!"
*Pyun*. As the sound of the ripping air reached my ears, Ugachi's giant head was already flying high into the air.
That head seemed to fly up straight before turning and falling. I reached my left hand out to grab it, holding it by the decorative feather that was standing like a plume, raised the head of the leader that was still bleeding and yelled.
"I TOOK YOUR LEADER'S HEAD! ANYONE WHO WANTS TO FIGHT, STEP RIGHT UP! THOSE WHO DON'T WANT TO FIGHT, SCRAM BACK INTO THE LAND OF DARKNESS!"
Eugeo, try and hang on for a while. I muttered deep inside my heart as I glared at the surrounding group with my utmost killing intent with both eyes. The goblins started to panic as they saw their leader die, each of them looking at each other and letting out panicked sounds *gii gii*
After a while, one of them, who was standing at the front row, holding a stick behind its shoulder, walked out.
"Gehe, in that case, once I kill you, I, Abuli-sama will become the next head..."
Right now, I didn't have the time to patiently hear it finish its words. My left hand gripped the head as I dashed forward, using the same skill as before to slice that guy from the right rib to the left shoulder. With a blunt sound, blood splattered next, and the upper body slid down the sliced off area before landing on the ground.
With that, the remaining goblins seemed to have finally made their decision. They all screamed out and rushed towards a corner of the dome. Several goblins pushed each other and moved through the exit we didn't enter from, and soon disappeared without a trace. The echoes of footsteps and screams gradually faded away and vanished. The ice-built dome entered an icy cold moment of silence, as if the commotion just now was a lie.
I took a deep breath, endured the pain that came out from my left shoulder again, and threw away the sword in my right hand as well as the head in my left. I turned around and ran towards my friend who had collapsed.
"EUGEO!! HANG IN THERE!!"
I shouted, but his pale face wasn't moving at all. I could feel some slight breathing from the slightly parted lips, but it seemed that it could stop at any time. The devastating wound on his abdomen was still bleeding. I knew that I had to stop it, but I didn't know how.
I used my stiff right hand to quickly draw a mark and knocked on Eugeo's shoulder, looking at the window that appeared with a praying attitude.
The life— Durability Points, were indicated as [244/3425]. Also, the value in the front was dropping at a horrifying rate of one point every two seconds. In other words, Eugeo's Life would be at its end in about 480 seconds— there were approximately 8 minutes left.
"...Hang on. I'll immediately save you! DON'T DIE!"
I yelled again and immediately got up, dashing towards the wheelbarrow that was left aside.
On the cart, there was Selka, all tied up amidst the wooden barrels and containers with unknown contents and many weapons. I pulled out a knife from a nearby box and quickly cut the rope.
I carried her petite body, laid her down on the wide floor and quickly checked her, but there was no obvious external wounds. Her breathing was a lot steadier than Eugeo's. I grabbed the shoulders on her nun habit and shook her with the minimum amount of force.
"SELKA...SELKA! WAKE UP!!"
Selka's long eyebrows immediately twitched, and the light brown eyes opened with a blink. It seemed that she couldn't recognize me with just the light of the bristlegrass tossed beside Eugeo as her throat let out a small cry.
"No...noo..."
Selka waved her arms and tried to push me aside, and I held her down before shouting,
"SELKA, IT'S ME! KIRITO! DON'T WORRY, THE GOBLINS WERE CHASED AWAY!"
On hearing my voice, Selka immediately stopped. She reached her fingers out tentatively and gently touched my face.
"Kirito...is it really you, Kirito...?"
"Ahh, I came to save you. Are you alright? Are you hurt anywhere?"
"No... Not at all. I'm fine..."
Selka's lips curled aside, and then she immediately leaped over to hug me on the neck.
"Kirito...I...I...!"
The slight breathing sound could be heard beside my ear, letting out a child-like cry— but before that could happen, I carried Selka with both hands, turned around and started running.
"Sorry, cry later! Eugeo's severely hurt!!"
"Eh..."
The arched body immediately froze. I kicked aside the shattered ice on the ground and the junk those goblins left behind as I dashed towards Eugeo and put Selka down.
"It's too late for ordinary treatment... use your sacred arts to save him, Selka, please!"
Selka listened to me as she held her breath and knelt down before gingerly reaching her right hand out. She touched the deep wound on Eugeo, and suddenly moved her hand back.
After a while, Selka shook her head that was tied into three braids hard.
"...I can't...this kind...this kind of wound, my sacred arts... can't..."
As she used her fingers to touch Eugeo, her face went pale.
"Eugeo... you're lying, right... because of me... Eugeo..."
Tears trickled down Selka's face, landing onto the pool of blood on the ice. She took her hands back and covered her face, letting out a cry. I felt that it was cruel to say this to such a girl, but I yelled.
"CRY AFTER YOU HAVE HEALED EUGEO! NO MATTER WHETHER THERE'S A WAY, JUST TRY IT! AREN'T YOU SUPPOSED TO BE THE NEXT SISTER!? YOU'RE THE SUCCESSOR TO ALICE, RIGHT!?"
Selka's shoulders jerked hard for a moment, but immediately slumped back weakly.
"...I...couldn't be like nee-sama... I couldn't even memorize the spells nee-sama spent three days to master even after a month. Right now, what I could only heal are... very small wounds... "
"Eugeo, he..."
I was driven by the emotions rising up within me as I said desperately,
"Eugeo came to save you, Selka! He risked his life not for Alice, but for you!"
Selka's shoulders jerked again, this time, more than before.
During this time, Eugeo's life was dropping towards zero. There were only 2 minutes left, maybe even one. An instant moment of silence felt so long it was unbearable.
Suddenly, Selka lifted her face. The expressions of fear and hesitation she had from several seconds before was all gone.
"—It's too late for ordinary treatment. We can only try a dangerous high-ranked sacred art. Kirito, I need your help."
"I-I understand. I'll do whatever you say."
"Give me your left hand."
I immediately reached my left hand out, and Selka used her right hand to hold it tightly. Then, she used the left to hold onto Eugeo's right hand, which was lying on the icy surface, tightly.
"If the art fails, both you and I may die. Be prepared."
"Just let me be the one to die then— ready whenever you are!"
Selka stared straight at me with sturdy eyes, nodded and closed her eyes before taking a deep breath.
"Systemシステム・call!コール！"
The loud voice echoed through the ice dome.
"—Transferトランスファー・human unitヒューマンユニット・durabilityデュラビリティ、rightライト・toトゥ・left!!レフト！！"
Her voice echoed. *Kiin*- the sharp voice became louder— and then, a blue light pillar appeared, with Selka in the middle.
It was a lot brighter than the grass, incandescent, as it illuminated all the corners of the large dome a light blue color. I couldn't help but narrow my eyes, but this was only for a moment as my left hand that was held by Selka suddenly had a strange feeling surrounding it, which caused me to open my eyes wide.
It felt like my entire body disappeared into the light as it flowed out from my left hand.
Looking closely, my body was actually creating lots of small spheres of light, moving from my left hand to Selka's right hand. I looked over at where the spheres of light were moving towards, and the light flowed through Selka's body, increasing in brightness before being absorbed into Eugeo's right hand.
Transfer Durability. In other words, it was a sacred art that transferred one person's Life over to another. If I opened my window now, I would be able to find that my value was dropping.
It's fine. Just take it all. I thought silently in my heart as I exerted more force into my left hand. Selka, who was acting as the conduit of the energy and the amplifier, looked as if she was in pain too. I realized the cruelty of this world again, and how great the price of living was.
Pain, suffering, and sorrow. The reason why there was such a deliberate intent to emphasize these things that weren't required in the virtual world was obviously something closely related to the existence of Underworld. If the technicians of RATH were trying to gain some form of breakthrough by torturing the Fluctlights of the residents, it seemed that the unexpected intruder, me, was being a form of interference by helping Eugeo here.
But as for me, just send me to the devil for that. Even if he was a soul, Eugeo was still my friend and I would never let him die like this.
As the life transfer continued, my body was surrounded by a strong chill. I used my gradually fading sight to observe Eugeo. The wound looked a lot smaller than when the spell started, but it wasn't completely healed at all, as the blood flowing out didn't stop in the slightest.
"Ki-Kirito... are-are you still alright...?"
Selka panted in pain as she said in an interrupted manner.
"No worries... a little more, give Eugeo a little more!"
I immediately answered, but in fact, my eyes had almost lost all their sight while my right arm and leg were going numb. The left hand Selka was holding onto was the only thing throbbing warmly.
Even if I lost my life in this world, it was completely fine. If I could get Eugeo's life back, I could endure the pain that was a lot more than before. However, the only regret would be that I would never see this world progress until the end. If those goblins were just the start, if the invasion of the land of darkness continued to intensify, I would have to worry about Rulid village that would be the first to be exposed to it. I would lose all my memories when I log out, so I might not be able to log in again.
No, even if I disappear—
Eugeo, who witnessed the goblins and took the sword to fight would definitely do something. He would warn the village chief, strengthen the guards, and warn the neighboring towns and cities. He would definitely do that.
And so, I couldn't let Eugeo die here.
Ahh, but— my life was about to end. For some reason, I knew this. Eugeo still hadn't opened his eyes. Even after spending all my life, it wasn't enough to heal his wound and drag him back from the edge of death?
"...I...can't...if I continue, Kirito, your Life will...!"
Selka's crying seemed to come from afar.
Don't stop, continue. Even though I wanted to say this, my mouth couldn't move, and trying to even sustain my own thoughts became gradually more difficult.
Is this death? The simulated death of the soul in Underworld... or, will the death of the soul kill the physical body in the real world? What caused me to think about this was the cold I couldn't endure and the terrifying loneliness...
Suddenly, I felt someone's hands on my shoulders.
They were warm. It felt like my body that was frozen in ice was gradually melting.
I— know these hands. Hands that were delicate like the feathers of a bird, yet grabbing onto the future more forcefully than anyone.
......Who, are you......?


I asked without letting out my voice, and my left ear felt a soft breathing. After that, I heard a voice that was so nostalgic that it made me want to cry.
『Kirito, Eugeo... I've been waiting for both of you. I'll continue to wait... at the top of the Central Cathedral...』
Her blond hair let out a light like the stars and filled me within. The overwhelming energy pulsed through all the corners of my body, and seeped out from my left hand as if it was looking for an exit.

Part 5[edit]
The percussive clear sound echoed in the high spring skies.
Eugeo finished swinging the axe 50 times, wiped away the sweat on his forehead and turned around. I put down the canteen with the Siral water and asked.
"How is your wound? Does it hurt anymore?"
"Un, I managed to recover fully with a day's rest. But there's still a little scar. Also... I don't know if it's my imagination, but it seems that this Dragon Bone Axe became extremely light."
"Doesn't seem like it. 42 out of 50 strikes hit the core."
On hearing that, Eugeo immediately raised his eyebrows, and then smiled.
"Really? Then I'll win the bet today."
"Not likely."
I smiled back, then took the Dragon Bone Axe and used my right hand to swing it lightly. It really felt like the feeling was a lot steadier than I could remember in my memories.
2 nights had passed since the horrific nightmare-like experience in the cave of the mountain range at the edge.
Eugeo managed to keep his life with the help of Selka's sacred art. The sun had already set when I carried Eugeo on my right side and the head of the goblin leader on my left as we returned to Rulid village. Everyone was gathered at the plaza, discussing about whether they would start a search party. As soon as they caught sights of us, they all heaved a sigh of relief, just before village chief Gasupht and Sister Azariya immediately started blasting us with harsh scoldings. Maybe the adults were more freaked out that a supposedly-impossible thing like 3 young folks breaking the «Village Rules» had happened.
However, when I shoved the head of the leader in my left hand right in front of the adults, everyone's reactions changed. Ugachi's yellowish-green eyes that were twice the size of humans, with his ragged sharp teeth and savage face, stared straight at them, and after a moment of silence, the adults let out screams and consternation several times louder than before.
After that, Eugeo and Selka were the ones who mainly explained about the goblin gang camping in the north cave and how they may have been a scouting squad from the land of darkness. The village chief and everyone else looked as if they really wanted to treat this as some sort of childish and outlandish nonsense, but they couldn't laugh when they saw the head of the monster sitting on the stone steps. The discussion immediately changed to defending the village, and we were safely released before dragging our tired feet back home.
I let Selka treat the wound on my left shoulder in the church room, and then collapsed like a pile of mud onto the bed, starting to sleep. The following day, Eugeo and I were allowed off work and enjoyed the luxury and laziness to continue sleeping. Another night passed, and this morning arrived. The shoulder pain and the fatigue in my body had completely disappeared.
After having breakfast, I walked with Eugeo to the forest with the same energetic expression. He finished the first 50 swings— and now.
I looked at the axe in my right hand and said to Eugeo, who was sitting slightly further away.
"I say, Eugeo, do you remember...? In that cave, when you were slashed by the goblin...you said something strange, right? It's like you, Eugeo and Alice and I were friends a long time ago..."
Eugeo didn't answer immediately. He kept quiet for a while as a light breeze blew by, blowing loudly with the trees. A soft voice came with the tail of the wind and entered my ears.
"...I remembered. It should be impossible... but for some reason, I remembered it clearly. I, Kirito, and Alice were born together in this village and grew up together... Alice was standing there the day she was taken."
"...I see."
I nodded and sank deep in thought.
Maybe his memory was all jumbled up in such an extreme situation. I could possibly explain this using that. Since the thing that formed Eugeo's consciousness and personality was the «Fluctlight» just like mine, it wouldn't be inexplicable for him to have some mistakes in his memories at the brink of death.
However, the problem was— in that situation, I had the same memory confusion. I watched Eugeo, who was gradually dying there, and really felt a fresh memory that I actually grew up with him in Rulid village. Also, I even recalled the blond long-haired girl, Alice, whom I've never met before.
This was impossible. This me, Kirigaya Kazuto, has a detailed memory of living with my sister Suguha in Kawagoe, Saitama Prefecture until today (or more accurately, until I woke up in this world). I didn't feel, nor did I want to think, that they were all fabricated.
Was this phenomenon just an illusion Eugeo and I saw at the same time?
If that was the case, there was only one thing I couldn't explain. When Selka used the sacred arts to transfer my life over to Eugeo and tried to resuscitate him, I did feel the presence of a 4th person in my gradually fading consciousness. That person even said: Kirito, Eugeo, I'll be waiting for you at the top of the Central Cathedral.
I couldn't view that voice as a hallucination created in the midst of my fading consciousness as well. That's because I have never heard of the term «Central Cathedral» until this moment. Of course, there naturally wasn't one in the real world, and even though I have gone through all sorts of virtual worlds, I had never even heard of that place or building before, let alone been there.
In other words, that voice didn't belong to either me or Eugeo, and was even less likely to be Selka; someone actually spoke to me. Would it... be too much of a stretch to deduce that she was the girl Alice who was abducted from the village 6 years ago? If it was really her, did my improbable past in Rulid village together with Eugeo and Alice really exist...?
I interrupted that thought for the umpteenth time ever since I woke up, and said,
"Eugeo. In that cave, when Selka used that sacred art on you, did you hear anyone else's voice?"
Eugeo immediately answered this time.
"Nope. I completely lost consciousness at that time. Did you hear something, Kirito?"
"No... just my imagination. Forget about it... then, let's get to work. My goal is to get in more than 45 times."
I hurriedly chased aside the thoughts in my mind, turned towards the Gigas Cedar again, holding the axe tightly with both hands while concentrating on all parts of my body.
The axe I swung out had followed the trajectory I imagined and traced, looking like it was attracted to it as it hit the half moon-shaped core of the trunk.
***
Today, we ended up finishing the combined 1,000 axe swings 30 minutes earlier than before. That was because both of us weren't that tired and didn't need much rest at all. The number of critical hits increased from the previous week, and maybe it was just my imagination, but it was like our naked eyes could see how much we progressed through the markings on the giant tree.
Eugeo stretched out lazily in a satisfied manner, saying that we should have lunch even though it was early. He sat down on the usual tree root, and I sat down beside him. Eugeo took out two round buns from the cloth beside him and handed them to me.
I took one with one hand and said with a wry smile as I looked at the bread that was still as hard as stone.
"It would be great if this bread could become softer like how the axe feels lighter."
"Ahaha."
Eugeo laughed heartily, taking a large bite and shrugged his shoulders.
"...Unfortunately, it's still the same. Speaking of which...why does it feel like the axe got lighter...?"
"Who knows?"
I said, but I had already predicted this phenomenon the moment I opened my own «window» in the previous night. That problematic Object Control Authority, System Control Authority and my maximum Life had greatly increased.
I could imagine the reason as well. We managed to force the large goblin group in the cave to retreat— in other words, we finished a high difficulty mission, and created a «Level up» phenomenon that was commonly used in normal VRMMOs. I didn't want to experience it again, but taking on a tough battle did bring its rewards.
This morning, I pretended not to know anything as I asked Selka whether she was the same as well. The sacred arts that had a high rate of failure last week seemed like they could be used properly as well. Selka, who never actually took part in the battle, also gained a level up effect. Most likely, all three of us were treated as party members, and everyone gained experience. The way I look at it, this should be an acceptable reason.
Eugeo's Object Control Authority should have increased to around 48 like me. In that case, there was no reason not to try that again.
I finished the 2 round buns in a few bites and stood up. Eugeo was still eating slowly as he looked over. I walked towards the large opening in the Gigas Cedar's trunk and reached out for the Blue Rose Sword bundle that was placed there a few days ago.
I held onto the leather cover while half-believing and half-praying, and used all the strength in my body to lift it up.
"Ohh..."
Immediately, I nearly fell and hurriedly took two steps back. The weight that I remembered feeling like a barbell with maximum weight added, had actually dropped to such an extent that it felt like the weight was closer to a thick metal bar.
The sword continued to press down on my wrist heavily. However, this weight was more of a delightful one, and the feeling reminded me of my beloved swords at the end of the former Aincrad.
I used my left hand to hold onto the leather cover, unfastened the string from it, and used the right hand to hold the sword hilt adorned with beautiful decorations. Eugeo was biting into his bun as he widened his eyes, and I smiled back at him. *Sharin!!* I drew the sword with a spine-chilling unsheathing sound.
Unlike a few days ago, the Blue Rose Sword wasn't the least bit unwieldy as it lay silently in my hand, like a shy and beautiful princess. The more I looked at it, the more beautiful the sword seemed. Whether it was the white leather handle with textures that felt like it was drawing the hand in, the blade's transparency that seemed to hold a complex light, or the intricacy of the Rose and its vine-like patterns, they were all parts that couldn't be recreated by the weapons made from polygons that I was familiar with. It was no wonder that Bercouli in the story wanted to steal it from the dragon.
"Oi... oi, Kirito, you can hold that sword?"
Eugeo looked shocked. *Hyun hyun* I swung the sword around twice to demonstrate to him.
"The buns didn't get softer, but this sword seems to have become lighter. Well, take a look."
I faced the Gigas Cedar again and bent my waist down. My right foot took a step back as I faced the target sideways, using this turning motion to level the sword in my right hand. As I charged up for a moment, the blade was covered with a soft blue light.
"—SEII!!"
I shouted out simply and stamped hard into the ground. The System Assist recognized the matching sword skill impression and caused me to accelerate, giving a slashing hit with tremendous speed and accuracy. It was the one-handed sword skill «Horizontal».
The Blue Rose Sword seemed to flash by like horizontal lightning as it accurately hit with pinpoint precision, causing a tremendous impact sound. The large trunk of the Gigas Cedar trembled slightly, and the birds that were perching around its branches all flew away.
I became engrossed with this accomplishment of «Man being one with the sword» that I hadn't experienced for a long time, and looked over at my right arm extending forward. The light blue and clear silver blade were half embedded into the wooden grain that was glossy with a metallic black light.
This time, Eugeo's eyes and even his mouth widened as he dropped the half-eaten bun onto the moss. However, the boy who was made a woodcutter for his Sacred Task didn't seem to notice, as he spoke with a trembling voice,
"......Kirito......, was that... a «sword skill» just now?"
I guessed so. From what I heard, it seemed that there was a concept of sword skills existing in this world. I just didn't know whether that referred to the sword skills governed by the system or not. I placed the sword into the scabbard in my left hand and cautiously answered.
"Ahh... I guess so, yeah."
"In that case... your Sacred Task before being taken away by the god of darkness might be a yeoman ...no, maybe you were a sentry guard in a large city. Only the soldier forces would teach real sword skills."
Eugeo started rattling away, a rare sight at that as his green eyes were glittering. Upon seeing this, I immediately understood. He was tasked with woodcutting as his career job, and for six years, had continued to swing that axe without complaining— but he undoubtedly had the soul of a swordsman. The admiration for this thing called a sword and the desire to master the sword skills were imprinted deep within him.
Eugeo took a step forward, and another before arriving in front of me, looking straight into my eyes and asking with a trembling voice,
"Kirito... your sword skills, what sect does it belong to? Do you remember, the name of the sect...?"
I thought for an instant, and then shook my head,
"No, I remember. My sword skill is the «Aincrad's Style»."
Of course, this was a name I made up on the spot, but once I have said it out, I felt that no other name could work. That was because all my skills were learnt and honed from that floating city.
"Ain—crad, style."
Eugeo repeated that again as he nodded.
"Such an intriguing name. I have never heard of it before, but this may be the name of your teacher or the city you used to live in... —Kirito, well... I..."
Eugeo suddenly looked down and stammered. But several seconds later, he lifted his head again as the light of determination returned to his eyes.
"—Can you teach me your «Aincrad-style Sword Skills»? I'm not a soldier, or even a guard of the village... so it may be against some sort of rule..."
"Does the Taboo Index or the Imperial... law have some clauses like «those who aren't soldiers can't learn sword skills»?"
I asked calmly. Eugeo bit his lip lightly, and after a while, whispered.
"...There's no such clause... but it's forbidden to have «Many Sacred Tasks». Normally, those who were tasked to the Sacred Task of guards or soldiers could learn sword skills. So, if I start learning sword skills... I might be viewed as giving up on my own Sacred Duty..."
Eugeo's shoulders sank slowly. However, he gripped his fists hard as his tense muscles trembled slightly.
I seemed to be able to see the binds around his heart. The people living in this «Underworld» —the «Artificial Fluctlights» that RATH used some sort of means to mass produce— had a unique point that people like us in the real world didn't have.
Most likely, they would never go against the high-ranked rules that were ingrained into their consciousness. The highest ranked Axiom Church's «Taboo Index» and the Norlangarth Empire's «Fundamental Law» aside, they wouldn't even go against the «village rules» that this Rulid village inherited on their own. They couldn't do it.
Thus, Eugeo could only suppress his urge to look for his childhood friend, Alice, who was taken to the capital. He restrained his heart and continued to swing the axe, facing the giant tree he could definitely never take down in his lifetime.
But right this moment, he wanted to change his own fate through his own will. Of course, he said that he wanted me to teach him sword skills because he had an admiration for them, but more importantly, it was the greatest hope buried deep within his heart all this while... to save the captured Alice that he wanted to gain the strength to fight. Wasn't this line revealing his own desire?
Eugeo lowered his head as he trembled. I watched him silently and kept telling him inside my heart.
—Do your best, Eugeo. Don't give up. Don't lose to the things restraining you. Step forward... take the first step forward. Because you're a swordsman.
At this moment—
The flax-colored haired boy seemed to hear my words as he lifted his face up. The beautiful green eyes had an intensity I had never seen before as they pierced through my eyes. An interrupted trembling voice continued to come out from between the teeth that grit together,
".....But, but, I... want, to be stronger. I won't allow, the same mistake, to happen again. Need to take back... what I lost. Kirito... teach me, the sword skills."
I was really touched inside deep inside my heart, but still continued to suppress these emotions as I smiled and nodded.
"Understood. I'll teach you the skills I know — but the training will be tough."
I changed my expression to a mischievous one as I reached my right hand out, and Eugeo's lips finally relaxed somewhat as he held onto my hand tightly.
"Fine by me. Ahh, really, this is something... I, I, just kept looking forward to."
Eugeo again lowered his head as two, three beads of water slid down his face. There was sunlight shining through the gaps between the leaves. Eugeo stepped forward before I could even be shocked, and buried his face into my right shoulder, letting out a very weak moan that spread through the bodies leaned together.
"Now... I know. I've been waiting for you, Kirito. For six years, in this forest, I've been waiting for you to arrive..."
"—Ahh."
I answered with a random voice and used the right hand wielding the Blue Rose Sword to pat Eugeo's back lightly.
"...I must have woken up here in this forest to meet you too, Eugeo."
I strongly felt that these words I subconsciously said was the real truth.
***
The Demonic Cedar Tree, the tyrant of the forest, the steel-like Gigas Cedar was finally— or should I say easily, chopped down. It was just 5 days after Eugeo and I used the Blue Rose Sword to practice the «Aincrad-styled Sword Skills».
The reason was simple. That giant tree was a perfect training platform. Every time I demonstrated «Horizontal», Eugeo would practice it over and over again, and the cut on the trunk continued to deepen. Once the cut occupied about 80% of the diameter, it happened.
"—SEIAA!!"
The giant tree took the horizontal slash from Eugeo's refined motion and let out an ominous creaking sound that had never happened before.
Both of us stared at each other in a dumbstruck manner, and then at the trunk of the Gigas Cedar that extended all the way into sky, and we froze in shock as we saw the giant tree fall slowly towards us.
However, at this moment, it didn't feel like a large tree was falling towards us, but that the land we were standing on was falling forward. The tree with a diameter of more than 4m succumbed to gravity as it lowered its head towards us, and the scene was so surreal.
Just 80cm —if I described the distance using the unit in this world, it would be «80 cen»— the surrounding roots couldn't endure the tree's own heavy weight and burst into coal-like remains. The giant tree's final cry was a lot more intense than even 10 bolts of thunder from heaven as it was said that the sound of destruction even reached pass the central plaza of the village, all the way to the northernmost guard sentry post.
Eugeo and I cried out at the same time as we split up left and right respectively. The pitch black Gigas Cedar sliced apart the sky that was gradually becoming orange and slowly, slowly fell down. Its large body finally collapsed and laid down on the ground. We took the impact that was ridiculously large and were sent flying into the air. Once we have fallen back and landed on our butts, our lives have dropped by about 50 points.
***
"That really surprised me... there are so many people in this village."
I received a large mug filled with apple cider from Eugeo as I muttered.
At the moment, there were a few clusters of bonfires at the central plaza of Rulid village, lighting up the faces of the villagers gathered there. The band beside the fountain was playing with instruments that looked like bagpipes and very long flutes. Also, there were performers in animal skin dancing with the music in a waltz. The villagers were all clapping and tapping their feet in rhythm as they danced under the night.
I sat beside a table slightly further away, and my feet tapped along with the rhythm. Suddenly, I really felt an urge to jump and dance with the villagers in the circle, which was really unbelievable.
"I think this is the first time I see so many villagers gathered together. There's even more people than the prayer festival at the Saint's Day at the end of the year, definitely."
Eugeo said as he smiled, and I reached out the mug in my right hand. I had no idea how many times we toasted. The foaming beer that was about the same as the apple cider, but when I drank up, my face would still feel hot.
Once they knew that the Gigas Cedar was cut down, the village chief had organized a village council meeting with the more well known villagers. During that time, it seemed that they had a heated debate over what to do with the «Giant tree Cutter» Eugeo— and me.
What was scary was that some people even thought that it was a lot earlier than expected. Basically, it was earlier by about 900 years, and finishing the mission was a mistake and we had to be punished. However, the village chief Gasupht finalized things and decided that no matter what, the entire village had to organize a party to celebrate and deal with Eugeo according to the law.
As for what the law was about, I had no idea as well, and I asked him. He merely smiled and told me that I would know shortly.
However, after looking at his expression, I knew that at least he wouldn't be told off. I finished up the beer inside my mug, grabbed a stick of roasted meat with meat sauce dripping from the plate beside me, and took a huge bite.
Thinking about it carefully, after I came to this world, everything I ate tasted bland, like the round buns and the dishes in the church that were mostly vegetables, so this would be the first time I was eating something with the word meat in it. Besides the tender beef that was coated with thick sauce — there was also the fragrance of something that smelled like meat, which made it really hard to believe that this was the virtual world. Just this smell alone was worth the tough battle against the Gigas Cedar.
However, things would definitely not end just like that. I felt that it should be that we were finally staring at the starting line. I moved my line of sight and looked at Eugeo with the Blue Rose Sword hanging proudly there.
During the past 5 days, he had had sufficient practice with the initial basic one handed sword skill — the one-strike horizontal slash «Horizontal» on the Gigas Cedar.
Just like the randomly named Aincrad-style indicated, this was a sword skill that existed in the old VRMMO game «Sword Art Online».
I could still understand somewhat why this action could be replicated. When I went to the VR game that was based around gunfights, the world of «Gun Gale Online», I used a few sword skills to break through tough battles, but in the end, that was just letting the avatar trace the actions, and there was no light effect or system assist that caused the sword to accelerate with the skill. It's to be expected that these weren't written into the game system.
However, in this other world Underworld, the sword skills all took effect completely. If I did the play motion and imagined the actions of the skill, the sword would glow and accelerate. I was worried that I may be the only one who could do it on the first day of training, but on the second day, Eugeo managed to launch a «Horizontal» successfully for the first time, proving that any of the residents could use sword skills as long as the conditions were met.
The question now would be why such a phenomenon happened. There shouldn't be any relationship between the RATH-developed STL's technical group and the now –defunct Argus that developed SAO. If there was, it would be... that man who introduced me to the strange group called RATH and was once part of the country's task force in the SAO incident...
"Don't tell me..."
I muttered as I started eating the second skewered meat. If the thought I had was true, that guy couldn't just be someone doing the introductions, but someone immediately related to the core of this incident — but I had no way to check this out. If I wanted to get more information, I had to first leave Rulid village and head to the capital way down south.
The largest obstacle to this plan, the Gigas Cedar was chopped down. Then, there was only one thing left to do.
After finishing the meat and vegetables on the metal skewer, I turned to the table and looked at my partner, who was staring at the ring of villagers, before saying,
"I say, Eugeo..."
"Un...what is it?"
"From now on, you..."
But before I could continue, a shrill voice came from above our heads.
"Ah, there you are! What are you guys doing, the main characters for this celebration?"
I spent quite some time to realize that this girl, who was standing in front of us with her arms folded and her back straightened, was Selka. She had already undone the 3 braids on her head and had a headband on. She wasn't wearing a black nun habit, but a red vest and a grass-colored skirt.
"Ah, no...I'm not good at dancing..."
Eugeo continued to eat as he tried to look for excuses, and I shook my right hand.
"Yeah, me too. I lost my memory..."
"It's just dancing! You'll learn once you dance around!"
She grabbed Eugeo and my hands at the same time and dragged us up from the chair. Selka dragged us to the center of the plaza despite our protests and pushed us out. The crowd immediately cheered, and we were swallowed by the dancing ring.
Luckily, their dance was rather simple, about the same kind taught during the sports festival. After changing through 3 dance partners, I finally managed to imitate them and started dancing. Slowly, with the simple melody, my movements became a lot more joyous, and my feet got lighter.
The girls who didn't look like either Easterners or Westerners had a healthy blush on their faces as they happily laughed. I held their hands as I danced with them, and had a feeling, wondering whether I really was a wanderer without memories. It's really peculiar.
—Speaking of which, I once danced in the virtual world as well. My dance partner was my sister Suguha's other identity in Alfheim, the Sylph swordswoman Lyfa. Her smile overlapped with the face of the girl in front of me now, causing my nose to hurt a little.
As I was engrossed in the unexpected homesick feeling, the music got more intense and faster before stopping suddenly. I looked over at the band, and found that a burly man with a nice beard stepped on the podium with all sorts of instruments around it. He was the village chief of Rulid village, Selka's father, Gasupht.
The village chief clapped twice and called out in a baritone.
"Everyone, the celebration has arrived at its climax, but listen to what I have to say for a while."
The villagers raised their mugs of ale and cider that were meant to cool off their heated bodies after dancing and cheered to toast back at the village chief. Everyone then went quiet and the village chief looked around before saying again,
"—The greatest wish of our forefathers in Rulid village is finally fulfilled! The demonic tree that took Terraria and Solus from the lush southern land has been cut down! We will have a new place to grow wheat, beans and rear livestock!"
Gasupht's brilliant voice was again covered. The village chief raised his hands to wait for everyone to quieten down before he continued,
"The young man who accomplished this feat— Orick's son, Eugeo, come here!"
The village chief waved to a corner of the plaza, and over there, Eugeo looked tense as he stood up. The slight short and shout man beside him should be his father, Orick-san. He did not resemble Eugeo at all other than the hair color, and there was no pride on his face so he looked somewhat flustered.
Eugeo wasn't prompted by his father, but by the surrounding villagers. He walked up to the podium and stood beside the village chief, and as he faced the plaza, everyone let out the 3rd and loudest cheer. I clapped loudly with an enthusiasm not losing to them as well.
"As according to the rules—"
The village chief's voice rang again, and the villagers all kept quiet and pricked their ears.
"Eugeo, who had completed his task fully, shall have the right to choose his next Sacred Task. He can continue to cut wood in the forest, follow his father to farm, herd the cattle, brew wine or be a merchant, he can choose whatever path he wants!"
—What!?
I felt my urge to dance quickly cooling off.
It was not the time to hold girls' hands and flutter around. I should have given Eugeo the final push earlier on. It would be wasted if he said something like I want to grow wheat or something.
I held my breath as I watched Eugeo on the podium. He lowered his head in a bothered manner, grabbing his hair with his right hand and gripping and loosening his left. I might as well rush to the podium, grab his shoulder and yell that we're going to the capital — as I thought about that, a small voice rang beside me.
"Eugeo...intends to leave the village, I guess..."
It was Selka, who had stood beside me without me knowing. Her mouth curled into a smile showing a mix of loneliness and delight.
"Is, is that so?"
"Un, that's right. What else is there to hesitate about?"
Eugeo seemed to have heard her voice as he used his left hand to grab tightly onto the Blue Rose Sword at his waist. He lifted his head to look first at the village chief, and then around at the villagers before saying in a loud and clear voice.
"I want— to become a swordsman. I want to join the guards of Zakkaria town and refine my skills. One day, I'll head to the capital."
After a moment of silence, there was a commotion amongst the villagers, but this time it didn't look friendly. The adults were all frowning, gathered together and were seemingly talking about something. His father and the two young men beside him —most likely Eugeo's elder brothers— didn't look too happy either.
This time, village chief Gasupht was the one who controlled the crowd, raising a hand to make the villagers quieten down and giving the same stern looking as he spoke.
"Eugeo, are you—"
On saying upto this point, he stroked his beard, and continued.
"...No, I won't ask you for the reason. The Church has decreed that you have the right to choose your next Sacred Task. Alright, as an elder of Zakkaria, I recognize Orick's son Eugeo's new Sacred Task to be a swordsman. If you're willing, you can leave the village to practice your sword skills."
Hoo...hh. I sighed for a long while.
In that case, I can finally see the core of this world with my own eyes. If Eugeo became a farmer, I would have definitely intended to head to the capital alone, but since I had no knowledge or money for travelling, I might end up having to spend countless months or even years if I were to walk aimlessly. On thinking about how these few days of hard work had finally paid off, my shoulders immediately relaxed a lot.
The villagers seemed to have accepted the chief's decision as, though they hesitated somewhat at first, they started clapping. But before their claps got louder, a sharp roar broke the night sky.
"WAIT A SEC!"
A large young man split the wall of people and leapt to the front of the podium.
I had a good impression on the wilted-leaf colored short hair and stern look with the simple-looking longsword hanging on the waist. This person was the guard of this village stationed at the sentry in the south.
The young man seemed to be facing off against Eugeo on the podium as he roared crudely,
"IT SHOULD BE MY RIGHT TO AIM FOR THE GOAL OF BEING A GUARD OF ZAKKARIA! LOGICALLY, EUGEO CAN ONLY LEAVE THE VILLAGE AFTER ME, RIGHT!?"
"YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT!"
The one who walked out as he yelled was a middle-aged man who had similar hair color and facial build, but had a bulging tummy.
"...Who's that?"
I brought my face over to Selka to ask. Selka pondered for a while and answered.
"It's the ex guard-captain Doyke-san and his son, the current guard captain. They're the most skilled family in the village, but also the most annoying family here."
"I see..."
Just when I was about to consider what to do next, chief Gasupht listened to Jink and his father's opinion before raising his hand as he looked like he was trying to counsel them.
"But Jink, you've only been through 6 years of being a guard. According to the rules, you can only join the swords tournament of Zakkaria in another 4 years."
"THEN EUGEO SHOULD WAIT FOR ANOTHER 4 YEARS! HOW CAN YOU JUST LEAVE ME ALONE AND LET EUGEO GO FOR IT WHEN HE'S NOT AS GOOD AS ME!!"
"Fm, then how are you going to prove this? How are you going to prove that you're stronger than Eugeo?"
"What..."
Jink and his father immediately flushed red. This time, it was his father who raged and closed in on Gasupht.
"EVEN IF YOU'RE THE VILLAGE CHIEF OF RULID VILLAGE, I CAN'T PRETEND THAT I DIDN'T HEAR THOSE OUTRAGEOUS WORDS! SINCE YOU SAY THAT MY SON'S SWORD SKILLS ARE INFERIOR TO A NOVICE, LET'S HAVE A DUEL NOW!"
On hearing that, the villagers immediately called out irresponsibly. They were all hoping wholeheartedly to watch this unexpected celebration's side event as they raised their mugs and stamped, shouting "DUEL, DUEL!"
Just when I spaced out, Jink challenged Eugeo, and Eugeo had to accept it. In the end, both of them had to face off against each other in the space that the crowd in front of the podium cleared out. Are you kidding me, I thought and whispered to Selka.
"I'll leave for a while."
"Wha, what are you trying to do?"
I didn't answer as I split the crowd and arrived in front of the fountain before moving over to Eugeo. In stark contrast to the enemy who was charging over like a ferocious horse, Eugeo's expression showed that he didn't know how to deal with this, and he heaved a sigh of relief as he saw me before whispering,
"Wh-what should I do, Kirito? Things seemed to have gotten quite big."
"It's pointless to apologize at this point. Forget about that. Are you really going to slash at each other in this duel?"
"No way? We're using swords, but it's only until the attack is inches from each other."
"Fuun... but if this sword doesn't stop while it attacks the enemy, the opponent will probably die. Listen, don't aim for Jink himself, but at his sword. Just charge at the side of the sword at the abdomen and use a «Horizontal» to end this."
"Re, really?"
"Absolutely, I promise."
I pat Eugeo on the back and nodded over at Jink and his old dad who were glaring at me with suspicious looks before retreating into the crowd.
On the podium, chief Gasupht clapped and shouted. SILENCE!
"Then— even though it wasn't planned, we'll have a duel between the guard captain Jink and the woodcut...no, swordsman Eugeo right now! Both sides will fight until the sword is inches away from each other, and no damage on each other's lives will be allowed, understood!?"
Before he even finished, *Shiing*, Jink drew out the sword at his waist, and Eugeo was a little slower as he drew his sword too. The villagers saw the Blue Rose Sword that was letting out a beautiful light as it shone under the bonfires.
It seemed that Jink was overwhelmed by the pressure of the opponent's sword. His head tilted back slightly before returning to its original position immediately. The young guard's face showed more anger, and he pointed at Eugeo with his left hand before saying unexpectedly.
"IS THAT SWORD REALLY YOURS, EUGEO? IF IT'S BORROWED, I HAVE THE RIGHT TO STOP YOU FROM USI ..."
Eugeo didn't wait for him to finish shouting as he answered with a determined attitude.
"This sword— I got it from the cave in the north. Right now, it belongs to me!"
The villagers immediately started muttering, and Jink couldn't say anything. I thought that he would ask Eugeo to prove his ownership, but Jink didn't seem to have that intention. Most likely, in this world where theft didn't exist, declaring one's ownership would clearly determine that it 'belonged to him or her' and doubting and asking this may be some violation of right.
—I didn't know if this guess of mine was correct or not, but Jink didn't continue as he spat twice on his own hands before raising his own sword up high.
On the other side, Eugeo wielded the sword with his right hand only and pointed the tip at the opponent's eyes. He moved his left arm and leg back, keeping his center of gravity low.
As several hundred villagers held their breaths as they watched, Gasupht raised his right hand up high, yelled BEGIN! and swung it down.
"UOOOHHH!!"
Just as I expected, Jink immediately rushed forward as he yelled out crudely, swinging down right from the front, and one might doubt if he would really swing until just inches away with that momentum—
"...!!"
At that moment, I gasped lightly. Jink's sword changed direction greatly in the air. He looked like he was going to swing from the top, but was actually swinging horizontally from the right. This was just an elementary feint, but if Eugeo followed my suggestion and got ready to use the «Horizontal» to aim at Jink's sword, it would be difficult for him to take on a horizontal swing with a horizontal swing, and may cause a miss before he gets hit by the opponent...
"I...yahh!!!"
The shout that was somewhat lacking in spirit as compared to Jink interrupted my thoughts immediately.
The skill Eugeo used wasn't «Horizontal».
He raised his sword on the right shoulder and looked like he was getting ready. The blade let out a slightly thick blue light. He looked like he was going to shake the earth as he stepped forward before drawing a sharp diagonal 45 degree arc in the air. This was... a skill I never taught him, the diagonal slash «Slant».
Eugeo, who was a moment late in his activation, let his sword move at lightning speed and hacked at Jink's sword that was swinging horizontally from above. I watched the iron blade get crushed easily and asked myself.
Eugeo must have used a wooden stick to practice the sword skill countless times once he got home. He properly discovered the existence of «Slant» during that practice, for there was no foreign sense of it being a last minute thing in that action just now. The united movement of Eugeo and the Blue Rose Sword dancing even had a sense of elegance to it.
As he continues to practice and learn more sword skills and even go through the hellish test of the battlefield, what level of a swordsman would he become? If...if I really have to fight him for real one day, could I actually last in front of him...?
The villagers watched this clean decisive victory nobody expected and cheered loudly. I clapped enthusiastically amongst them, and yet felt cold sweat flowing down my back.

The Jink father and son combo looked stunned as they backed away, and the music immediately rang. The atmosphere of the celebration was a lot more intense before, ending only when the church bell at the tower rang to signal that it was 10.
I drank another 3 mugs of apple cider before finally forgetting the uneasiness that came for no reason, joined in the dance again with a delighted drunken feeling, and was basically dragged by Selka back to the church in the end. At the entrance, Eugeo, who was smiling wryly, agreed to go off together with me tomorrow morning before leaving, and I finally managed to get back to my own room and collapsed on my back onto the bed.
"Really, even if it was a celebration, you drank too much, Kirito. Here, water."
I immediately gulped down the icy cold well water Selka handed over, and my mind was finally clear as I breathed out for a long moment. No matter how much beer I drank in Aincrad or Alfheim, I wouldn't get drunk, but it seemed that the beer in Underworld was the real deal. I thought that I should take note of this and I looked up at the girl who was standing beside me, looking worried.
"...Is, is there something?"
I didn't know what expression Selka saw on me as she was startled. I hurriedly lowered my head.
"Well... sorry. Aren't you going to talk to Eugeo more?"
Still in her best clothes, Selka's face immediately blushed a cherry color.
"What are you saying all of a sudden?"
"Because, tomorrow morning, you'll...no, I'll have to apologize first. Sorry that things developed such that it looks like I'm taking Eugeo out of the village. If that guy continued to cut wood in this village, maybe he might, well... form a family with you or something, Selka..."
Selka sighed hard and sat down beside me.
"Really, you, what are you saying..."
She just looked extremely surprised as she shook her head several times, and continued,
"...Well, never mind— Anyway, once Eugeo leaves the village, I'll definitely feel lonely... but, I'm happy too. Ever since Alice nee-sama had gone, Eugeo lived his days as if he had given up on everything and now he can smile so happily and decide to look for nee-sama. I think father must be rather happy to see him like this, because Eugeo never forgot about nee-sama."
"...Is that so..."
Selka nodded, lifted her head to look at the full moon outside the window, and continued.
"For me... actually, I didn't go over to the cave just to copy nee-sama and touch the land of the darkness. I knew I couldn't do that. Even though I knew... I still felt, even if it was just a little, I wanted to get closer to nee-sama. I wanted to get the nearest to her as I could... until I reached a place I couldn't advance forwards, and then from there on, I'll realize clearly... that I can't replace Alice nee-sama."
I pondered about the meaning of Selka's words, and shook my head slightly.
"No, you're amazing. Ordinary girls would have immediately went back once they reached the bridge outside the village or the path in the forest or the entrance of the cave. But you kept walking deep into the dark cave and found the goblin scouts. You did something only you could do."
"Only I... could do...?"
Selka widened her eyes and tilted her head. I nodded at her.
"You're not a substitute for Alice, Selka. You definitely have something only you have. You just need to nurture this talent."
In fact, I believe that from now on, Selka's sacred arts would improve greatly. That's because she sent the goblin squad retreating together with Eugeo and me, so her System Control Authority should have increased.
However, this wasn't a question of talent. She challenged what sort of person she was and got her answer. This itself would grant her a power stronger than anything else. Believing in oneself would be the greatest strength that could be created from a human's soul.
It's about time for me to try and find the answer to a question that was delayed by a certain will.
My consciousness— This me who is called Kirito or Kirigaya Kazuto, what exactly am I? Am I a Fluctlight residing inside a living brain, a «real me»? Or am I a «clone» taken from the real me by the STL and preserved in some medium?
There's only one way to check.
Eugeo, Selka and the other people of Underworld, their Fluctlights would never break the «Taboo Index» and the «Empire Fundamental Law». But even if I could break through the taboo in this world, it wouldn't mean that I wasn't an artificial Fluctlight. I didn't know the clauses of the Taboo Index... in other words these rules were not written into my soul.
On the other hand, I had to check if I could use my will to break the one rule... morals I had always abided by throughout my entire life till now. I went through all sorts of thoughts during the past few days, but this was still rather difficult. Using the sword to hurt the villagers or stealing were definitely not within the boundary, but if it was just badmouthing someone just to check, it would be rather unreliable. Right now, I could only rely on this.
I turned around and stared at Selka's face as she sat right beside me.
"...What is it?"
I reached my hand out at Selka's puzzled looking face and apologized to Asuna and Yui deep inside my heart. I then said sorry to Selka herself, brought my face closer and placed my lips on the pure white forehead under her headband.
Selka's body jerked suddenly, and she didn't move. After 3 seconds, my face left Selka, and her cheeks were flushed so red it reached her ears as she stared directly at me.
"Wha... what, did you just do...?"
"I guess... it's most likely something like the «Oath of a Swordsman»."
I tried to find a decent excuse as I gritted my teeth once I realized something inside my heart.
As I did something that the real me definitely wouldn't do, I'm the real me. If I were a cloned FluctLight, I would have stopped automatically several millimeters away from Selka's forehead.
As I was thinking about this, Selka continued to look at my face and used her right hand to touch her forehead before sighing,
"An oath... that might be your country's tradition, but, if it wasn't the forehead but the... there might be Integrity Knights flying over now. That's something against the Taboo Index."


There was a part in the middle I didn't hear, but I didn't bother to ask. Selka shook her head again, showing a slight smile on her face, and asked me.
"Then... what is your oath?"
"Isn't that certain... Eugeo and I will go save Alice together and bring your sister back to this village. I assure you..."
I paused for a while, and then said the following words,
"Because I'm the Swordsman Kirito."

Part 6[edit]
The weather was wonderful the next morning.
While feeling the weight of the boxed-lunch Selka made for us in our right hands, Eugeo and I walked toward the south, along a road we wouldn’t come back on for a long time.
When we arrived at the junction which lead to the narrow path toward the forest where Gigas Cedar once stood, I saw an old man standing there. The deeply wrinkled face was covered with a white moustache, his backbone was straight, the glint in his eyes looked like it could penetrate through me.
As soon as he saw the elder, Eugeo smiled happily and started running.
“Garitta-jii! I’m glad you are here. I didn’t get to meet you yesterday.”
I remembered when I had heard that name. He was surely the predecessor of the «Gigas Cedar cutting duty».
A tender smile floated under the moustache of the the elder Garitta as he placed his hands on Eugeo’s shoulders.
“Eugeo, you certainly managed to cut down the Gigas Cedar, which I could only make a cut about a finger deep…… Could you tell me how you did it?”
“It was this sword and……”
Eugeo pulled the Blue Rose Sword out from the scabbard on his left waist slightly, then he turned and looked at me.
“More than anything, his…… it’s thanks to my friend. His name is Kirito. He’s really a ridiculous guy.”
I hurriedly lowered my head while thinking ‘What the heck is with that introduction.’ Elder Garitta walked to me before giving me a piercing look with his sharp eyes —— and gave a broad smile immediately.
“So you’re the rumored «Vector’s lost child», huh. I see….. such a variable companion.”
It was the first time I ever heard something like that, while I tilted my head trying to figure out the meaning of his words, the elder pointed his left hand toward the forest and continued speaking,
“Now, I’m sorry that I interfered with your long awaited departure, but I would like you to come with me for a little while. As I need you to do something.”
“E-Err. Kirito, it’s okay, right?”
I nodded as I didn’t have any particular reason to deny the request. The elder smiled again, before beckoning us as he stepped on the narrow path into the forest.
Even though I only commuted along this path daily for a week, I sensed a deep emotion that felt like nostalgia, as we walked for about twenty minutes, before we arrived at the large clearing.
The ruler of the forest, which stood tall as if it could reach the heaven across the long centuries of time, now lay with its great body quietly. Thin ivy had started to clamber over its jet black bark, in a far distant future, I thought it would decay and return to the earth.
“……What is the matter with the Gigas Cedar, Garitta-jii?”
The elder didn’t answer Eugeo’s question but walked toward the top of the fallen trunk. We chased after him in a hurry, but were greeted by a maze which was created from the branches of the Gigas Cedar and the other trees intertwined together. When I looked carefully, the black branches of the Gigas Cedar, no matter how thin they were, there was not a single one which had been damaged, although some had pierced into the ground or the rocks. Their toughness was really astonishing.
We got some scratch wounds on our bare arms as we struggled through the branches, and before long, we arrived next to elder Garitta who looked invigorating as he stood still. While using his palm to wipe the sweat off his forehead, Eugeo said in a grumble,
“What is here, exactly?”
“This.”
What the elder pointed at, was the topmost point of the fallen Gigas Cedar, its treetop extended straight out. It was a small branch which hadn’t grow yet, its length was considerably long, the tip was tapered sharply like a rapier.
“What’s with this branch?”
To my question, the elder stretched his gnarled right hand and stroked the part of the treetop which was about five centimeters thick.
“In all of the branches of Gigas Cedar, this is the one which had inhaled the most blessing from Solus. Now, use that sword and cut it off from here. Cut it in a single blade strike, many strikes may damage it.”
The elder used his hand to chop at the part about one meter and twenty centimeters from the tip, before taking several steps backward.
Eugeo and I exchanged glances with each other and nodded. After taking his boxed-lunch, I also stepped back.
When the Blue Rose Sword was drawn out of the scabbard, it shone brightly with a light blue under the sunlight, the elder beside me whispered a faint sigh. ‘Perhaps everything would have changed if I had that sword when I was young,’ —— I thought this kind of regret probably echoed within his mind, but glancing at his calm face, I couldn’t read his mind at all.
Although Eugeo had set up his sword, he didn’t move at all. The tip of the sword shaking slightly probably due to the hesitation in his mind. The branch which was as thick as the wrist, perhaps he doesn’t have the confidence that he could sever it in one hit?
“Eugeo, let me do it.”
As I stretched my hand forward, Eugeo nodded obediently and offered the hilt of the sword. After receiving the boxed-lunches, he went to stand next to the elder.
I stared at the black branch thoughtlessly, then swung the sword upward and immediately slashed it downward. Kishi— with a clear sound and a light response, the blade passed through the place I aimed at. The long black branch which fell down right after that was caught by the blade of the sword, before it sprung up. As it spun in the air while falling down, this time I caught it with my left hand. It was cold like ice and I slightly staggered due to the heavy weight on my wrist.
After I returned the Blue Rose Sword to Eugeo, I used both hands to offer the black branch to elder Garitta.
“Just wait a little bit.”
As he said that, the elder took out a thick cloth from his bosom, before carefully wrapping the branch in my hands with it. In addition, he tied it up with a leather string.
“Now it’s good. When you arrive at the capital Centoria, bring this branch to the north seventh ward, and give it to an artisan named Sadre, who set up his shop there. He will be able to make a powerful sword from it. It certainly wouldn’t be inferior to that beautiful blue silver sword.”
“R-Really, Garitta-jii!? That would be great, as I was worried about the future as we only have one sword even though there’re two of us. Right, Kirito?”
Eugeo said in a happy voice, I replied with ‘That’s right,’ as I nodded while smiling. But I could feel that the jet black branch in my open arms became slightly heavier as I rejoiced.
To both of us, who were bowing our heads repeatedly, the elder gave a smile.
“It’s just my farewell gift. Be careful on the way. Because nowadays, there are not only good Gods reigning in this world. ……I’ll stay here to watch this tree for a little bit. Farewell Eugeo and the young traveler.”

After following the small path and exiting back to the main road again, the fine weather until now started to decline as some small black clouds sprung out from the east.
“The breeze is a bit humid now. We better go before it’s too late.”
“……That’s right. Let’s hurry.”
I nodded in response to Eugeo, the leather string of the cloth wrapped branch of Gigas Cedar was firmly tied to my back. The thunderous roar from the far distance away resonated with the heaviness of the branch, and my mind trembled slightly.
A pair, two swords.
Is that a hint, a sign of something in the future?
Shouldn’t I bury this parcel in the depths of this forest? that moment of thought made me stop moving. But, what is the reason that I fear it will be necessary? I don’t get it at all.
“Hey, let’s go, Kirito!”
As I lifted up my face, the bright smile of Eugeo, who was anticipating the unknown world, entered my eyes.
“Alright…… let’s go.”
It was just one week ago that we met, but for some reason I felt as if he had been my best friend for a long time, I walked side by side with the boy on the road extending to the south —— toward the heart of Underworld, the place where all answers to the puzzle were awaiting us, as we started to quicken our pace.
Part 1[edit]
The silvery white full moon, segmented into four by the cross-shaped window frame, could be seen looming above.
In the southwest corner of ALFheim, in the land of the Sylphs, the streets of the capital city Sylvain were wrapped in a thick veil of darkness.
Most of the shops had their sturdy metal shutters pulled down, and few players were moving around on the main streets. This was because the time was 4am, when the least number of people would be connected.
Asuna turned her eyes from the window to the table, and picked up the still steaming cup. She brought the thickly-colored tea to her lips, and could feel the illusory heat stimulate her tongue. Although she was not sleepy, her brain felt slightly fuzzy; she has had practically no sleep for the past 3 days.
She closed her eyes and used her fingers to tap her temple slightly. The other Sylph girl who saw this asked worriedly,
“Are you alright, Asuna-san? You haven't been sleeping.”
“Yeeah, I'm fine here. You too, Lyfa. It must be tiring for you to walk around everywhere, right?”
“My real body is resting properly in my bed, so I'm alright.”
Though they said they were fine in unison, they realized neither sounded very energetic at all, and gave wry smiles.
This place was the player home of Lyfa, the avatar of Kirigaya Suguha in ALfheim Online. The walls surrounding the round room had a glossy, iridescent sheen that constantly shifted in colour, creating a somewhat surreal atmosphere. A pearl white table and matching chairs were placed in the centre of the room, three of which were currently occupied.
On hearing the duo's conversation, the ice-blue haired girl with triangular ears clasped her fingers together on the table, opening her mouth,
“If you force yourself too much, your minds won't be able to work well during crucial moments. Even if you can't sleep, it makes a whole world of difference if you simply close your eyes.”
The owner of the calm voice was Asada Shino, in the Cait Sith avatar which she had been diving in for the last half a year. The characters name was the same as the user- Sinon from Gun Gale Online. Asuna looked over and nodded.
“Alright... After the meeting's over, please allow me to use the bed here. Really, if only sleep spells were effective on the players as well.”
“I think you can sleep well only if onii-chan sleeps on that rocking chair there...”
Asuna and Sinon smiled at Lyfa's mutterings, but the smiles they gave were tired ones.
Lyfa placed the cup she was holding with both hands back on the table, took a very deep breath, and changed her expression.
“Then... we'll start with the information we have gathered today, no, yesterday. In conclusion, we couldn't find any solid evidence that onii-chan was taken to the Tokorozawa National Defense Medical College Hospital. The data shows that he was definitely transferred to the Neurosurgical department on the 23rd floor, but they denied all access to the wards and not even the level can be accessed. There were also no signs of the emergency ambulance arriving there at the supposed time. We know this for certain since Yui has hacked into the surveillance cameras and checked the footage.”
“In other words... There's a high probability that Kirito may not be in the Defense Medical Hospital... Something like that?”
Lyfa nodded, agreeing with what Sinon said.
“It's really hard to believe... But I'm surprised that not even family members can see him. It's strange no matter how you look at it...”
The rest of the words were left unsaid and simply replaced by collective headshakes. At that moment, the room descended into deep silence.

Lyfa's brother Kirito—Kirigaya Kazuto was attacked by the fugitive from the Death Gun incident, 'Johnny Black'—Kanemoto Atsushi just two days ago, on the 29th of June.
Kazuto was injected with a highly-dangerous drug, succinylcholine, by Kanemoto near Asuna's house on the streets of Setagaya area Miyasakai 1-chome in Tokyo. Under the paralysing effects of the drug, he quickly entered cardiac arrest. Even after CPR and medication were administered in the ambulance, the loss of oxygen caused his heart to stop soon after. He was classified as Dead on Arrival (DOA) the moment he arrived at Setagaya General Hospital.
Perhaps it was the expertise of the doctors in the ER or Kazuto's own will to live or that they had the best of luck on both accounts that he finally regained his heartbeat and started breathing normally once the drugs took effect, escaping from the claws of death in a miraculous manner. As Asuna heard this outcome from the doctor who came out from the ER, she relaxed her distraught look but was left speechless by the words that followed.
The doctor told her that as Kazuto's heart stopped for more than 5 minutes, it was possible that he could have sustained some damage to the brain. There was a possibility of long term damage to thought processes or motor functions, or both, and that in the worst case scenario, he might never wake up again—and,
The doctor concluded that a detailed investigation using an MRI was necessary to tell if this was the case, and they would probably transfer him over to a hospital with better facilities. Asuna fought against the anxiety that struck again and contacted Kazuto's little sister Suguha to explain the situation. In the end, she started crying the moment she saw Suguha.
That night, Kazuto's mother, Kirigaya Midori came running over from her workplace in Iidabashi and spent the night on the bench in front of the ICU.
The next day, on the 30th of June, Asuna and Suguha were convinced by the supervisor that he was already 'out of danger', and went back to Asuna's house which was nearby, and Midori went back to her house in Kawagoe for the time being to deal with his health insurance scheme.
After both of them had a shower, they each contacted their own schools about a leave of absence, chatted for several hours, then entered a light sleep. About an hour later, Asuna was woken by Midori's phone call.
She dashed toward the portable terminal and Midori told her that unfortunately, Kazuto had still not regained consciousness, but he was to be transferred to the Defense Medical College Hospital that was nearer to her house in Kawagoe for closer observation and a better equipped facility. After that, the ambulance arrived to transfer Kazuto. Midori said that she would head over in a taxi once she was done with the procedures, and Asuna told her that they would soon arrive at the new hospital.
The unconscious Kazuto was definitely moved from the Setagaya General Hospital through the emergency exit and into the ambulance at around 1.45pm on the 30th. Yui clearly investigated it from the clear visuals of the surveillance cameras of the hospital. The records showed that the ambulance reached the Defense Medicine College Hospital in Tokorozawa in Saitama. Kazuto was immediately admitted into the neurosurgical department on the 23rd level for intensive care, and was under observation— Asuna and Suguha both believed it without a doubt, and they went to visit him two days ago late at night, but they were not allowed to see Kazuto or even view him from afar.

Asuna analyzed Lyfa's words as she nodded slightly and said,
“It's true that Kirito-kun was sent from the hospital in Setagaya by ambulance and the destination was the National Defense Medical University Hospital. There's an admission record for 'Kirigaya Kazuto'... but there's no report of how Kirito-kun looked, nor were there records from the surveillance camera. It's possible the ambulance Kirito-kun rode on went to some place other than the hospital... like a mix up of patients or some other accident— but, most likely not...”
“There's an intent to lie, which means that it was planned by someone... Abduction?”
Sinon said with a calm voice, even as her triangular ears jerked sharply.
“But in that situation, the ambulance in question would be disguised, right? Leaving aside the paramedics, the vehicle itself would be fake, right? I don't think anyone could have predicted that onii-chan would be attacked in Setagaya by that guy called Kanemoto or something, and be hospitalized. Also, it was only 18 hours after he had been hospitalized.”
“It's physically impossible to arrange a fake ambulance after they knew that Kirito-kun collapsed.”
Asuna's doubt again overlapped with the question Sinon raised.
“But in that case, if there's an abduction of a patient using a fraudulent ambulance, what if the person who planned this right from the beginning targeted Kirito simply out of coincidence...”
“To put it simply, it doesn't really feel that way.”
Lyfa swung her ponytail sideways and started to explain in a surging manner,
“Fuu, when the hospital transfers a patient, it should make a call to request an ambulance from the emergency control command area, but according to Yui's investigations, nobody made a call that day, and the ambulance in question appeared at that moment. Then, it would be the same for the paramedics who rode on the ambulance, and the situation with the Tokorozawa Defense College Hospital should be the same as well. Not only that, they even knew onii-chan's name. The supervisor who was in charge of it did say that they had not made a mistake.”
“...Then, they were targeting Kirito right from the beginning in a ploy to abduct him.”
“Yeah, the culprit got news once Kirito-kun entered the hospital and sent a real ambulance for their own purposes.”
Both of them nodded in a hesitant manner in response to Asuna's words.
The reason why they were so hesitant was because it was too scary to conclude and link everything together. Asuna herself had the same feeling as well. If everything was true, the opponent who abducted Kazuto was someone influential enough to mobilize the ambulance service.
To be honest, those thoughts may all have been excessive thinking on their parts.
It could be that Kazuto was being treated in the Defense Medical University Hospital, the images of the hospital room could not be seen because of the sophisticated machines, and at the moment he had arrived there, there was no record because the surveillance cameras seemed to be faulty... No, it could be said that this line of consideration was not normal. In fact, Kazuto and Suguha's mother Midori did not doubt the hospital's current explanation. The abduction and falsified information was just the imagination of the three girls who loved to worry. The culprit in real life did not exist, and Kazuto's treatment would be a success and they would definitely be notified with news the moment he regained consciousness...
However, a certain part of Asuna's derailed common sense had a pained feeling within. That must be the same with Kazuto's little sister Lyfa, and Sinon who had nearly crossed the line of death with him.
They were not assuming that the third 'Death Gun' Kanemoto's attack when he injected the toxin succinylcholine into Kazuto was part of the plan. However, the person probably made use of this incident to abduct Kazuto.
“Whether it's an organization or a person, that guy can be considered an 'enemy' in this situation.”
Asuna said in an adamant voice. Sinon blinked, and then showed a slight smile. “Before I arrived here... today, I thought you two would be very despondent and I was rather worried. To Lyfa, it's because he's her most important brother, to Asuna, it's because, well, he's her boyfriend... And that guy disappeared like this while unconscious...”
Speaking of which, I wasn't as shocked as I thought I would be after hearing these unexpected words. I was crying so hard when I saw Kirito-kun collapse that night... Asuna felt some sense of disbelief as she thought about this, and Lyfa, who had both hands clasped tightly in front of her chest, said,
“Well... I'd definitely be worried. However, when I realized that onii-chan may not be in the hospital, I felt somewhat uneasy and yet had a little feeling that it was like this. Onii-chan definitely got involved in some astonishing incident again... I really can't imagine how chaotic the places were since I wasn't there. It was like that in the SAO incident, the same with that Death Gun incident... So this time, I'll definitely...”
“Yes... I see.”
So I can't compare to the little sister who has lived with him for a long time. Asuna murmured within her heart and she nodded hard.
“Kirito-kun is definitely fighting like normal someplace as usual, so we have to carry out the fight we can handle.”
Of course. Sinon glanced aside for a moment and continued to stare at them.
“Sinonon doesn't look too despondent either.”
“Eh... That's because... to me, I strongly believe that I'm the only one who can beat him...”
After exchanging doubtful looks with the stuttering Sinon for a moment, Asuna went back to the original topic.
“Anyway... Just by looking at the ambulance, I guess the influence of the enemy is rather large.”
“How about we report this to the police? If we're together with the police, the hospital will at least have to provide us with some information, right?”
Sinon's suggestion made some sense to them, but Asuna shook her head slightly to disagree.
“In that Defense Medical College Hospital's server, the time Kirito-kun arrived and the time the neurosurgical department took him in were all recorded. The records show that Kirito-kun was definitely in that hospital. The basis for our assumption that he was kidnapped is that 'There were no images of him reaching' that place, and the police won't mobilize for such a reason, I guess... And also, the one who checked the visual records was...”
“Yui-chan who hacked in.”
Sinon gave a slight grimace as she muttered, and seemed to think of something else as she continued,
“Ah... But in that case, can we hack into the camera network inside of the hospital through the surveillance cameras outside the hospital? If we can check the images in Kirito-kun's room...”
“But the internal hospital's security system is different from the outside. It's most likely protected by a very powerful firewall that even Yui-chan can't break through.”
Lyfa weakly shook her head.
Yesterday, she went to carry out various investigations on Setagaya General Hospital and the National Defense Medical College Hospital which were far away from each other. Even though she had the help of the AI Yui who was bound to the portable terminal, just progressing was really hard.
Of course, Asuna herself went along and it seemed like Kirito's condition had already stabilized, but by then she had already skipped school for 2 straight days without permission. The electronic money payment terminal that was supposed to be backup power was left with Lyfa when they rode on the taxi, and naturally, she was not able to concentrate on her classes at all.
In school, Kazuto's absence was explained by a critical illness, and the same was told to their classmates. Amongst their friends, Lisbeth/Shinozaki Rika and Silica/Ayano Keiko did not know about the attack at all. The guilt of hiding the truth from the two of them who were both worried about Kazuto ripped at their hearts.
However, this had been discussed with Lyfa yesterday morning. Before they knew the actual situation— whether Kazuto was really in the National Defense Medical College Hospital, they would keep this secret between the three of them, including Sinon.
The reason why they only contacted Sinon was that she had met Kazuto at the 'Dicey Café' before the attack and because she was involved in the Death Gun incident. However, it was thanks to this that her calmness and intellect boosted everyone's confidence. Asuna stared at the side of the sniper Sinon's face, a face that never changed in ALO, and said,
“I feel that the greatest weapon we have is that we understand more about Kirito-kun than anyone else. So, let's take a step back and discuss. The enemy targeted Kirito-kun, but for what reason?”
“If it's for the sake of money, the kidnapping would be aimed at Asuna, yet the culprit never contacted us, right?”
“Telephone, e-mail, or letters, there have been none at all. Besides, this kidnapping was too reckless. They even prepared a fake ambulance to kidnap onii-chan specifically from the hospital, who isn't anyone significant.”
“Then... I don't really want to consider this, but what if it's because of a grudge...? Do you know any opponent who hates Kirito...?”
This time, Asuna shook her head slightly.
“Even though there are people amongst the SAO survivors who hate Kirito for sending them directly to prison and for clearing the game, the only opponent who has such financial strength and organization ability is...”
Asuna recalled the face of Sugou Nobuyuki, the ambitious person who once trapped the SAO players as test subjects in his abominated research and was handed over to the police by Kirito. However, that person was locked within the walls of the detention barracks, and his attempt to escape overseas caused his appeal for bail to be rejected.
“...Yeah, we still haven't thought of who can do such a thing.”
“It's neither for money nor a grudge, huh...? Hmm...”
Sinon lowered her head for a while, used her fingers to tap the tips of her ears, and said in an uncertain manner.
“...Well, I guess it was just completely baseless conjecture... The motive isn't for money or a grudge, but he was still kidnapped. That means that to the enemy, Kirito is an existence which still needs to be kept alive. To put it more specifically what they want is Kirito himself, or what he has... In game terms, his 'element', right? What can we think of?”
“Swordsmanship.”
Asuna immediately answered without hesitation. Whenever she closed her eyes and imagined Kirito's silhouette, the first thing that would appear was the normally black-clothed Kirito of old who would wield two swords and slash at enemies like a hurricane. It seemed that Lyfa had the same impression on him after travelling with him in ALO as she immediately continued,
“Reaction speed.”
“Ability to react to a system.”
“Situation assessment.”
“Survival ability... I guess.”


Asuna and Lyfa each raised many examples then seemed to realize something as they kept quiet. Sinon also seemed to realize something as she too nodded,
“Hey, those are all situations in VRMMOs... the virtual world, right?”
Sinon said, and Asuna tentatively gave a wry smile,
“Actually, Kirito-kun in real life has lots of good points.”
“Of course he does, like when he treats us to meals. But from a perspective outside of ours, Kirito in real life, I would say, is a very ordinary high school student, right? In other words, the motive behind that unreasonable action is the outstanding ability Kirito has in the virtual reality world, right?”
“How can that be...? In other words, they want him to clear a certain VR game... But onii-chan is currently still unconscious. He hasn't even gone through a check up, let alone treatment. They can't do anything if he's abducted like that, right...?”
Lyfa clasped her hands tightly as she again worried about Kirito's current condition. Sinon's blue eyes fell to the metallic table surface as she thought for a moment then she narrowed them sharply before answering,
“Vague motive... Even though you say that, that's only what we can see from the outside. What if it's not via the brain, but by a machine that can connect directly to the soul...”
“Ah...”
Why didn't we think about it? Asuna was shocked as she sighed hard.
“Well, if we consider it that way, the organization of the 'enemy' should have some clues. There's only one organization in the world that has a machine that can be connected to the soul, and Kirito acted as a test-diver for it a few days ago.”
Asuna agreed with Sinon's words as she nodded her head and said,
“...The organization that kidnapped Kirito-kun is the organization Rath that developed the Soul Translator...? It's true that our opponent might be able to mobilize an ambulance if they had the finances to make such a machine...”
“Rath...? Is that the company onii-chan was working with for the past few days?”
On hearing Lyfa's words, Asuna couldn't help but stiffen her body up,
“Lyfa-chan, do you know the situation about Rath?”
“Ah, no, the details are that... I heard that the company itself is in Roppongi.”
“Since you say that, I think I have heard about them. But even when you say it's in Roppongi, isn't that too big an area... Rath's research center is in a particular place there, and Kirito may be inside. The police won't take action on their own, right?”
Asuna watched Sinon bite her lips and Lyfa lowering her eyes in an uneasy manner, and said in a hesitant tone,
“...Well, I wanted to say this later, so I didn't say it. in fact, there's still a small link of communication that's in contact with Kirito-kun, but there's a high chance that they broke the bond sometime ago...”
“...What is it, Asuna?”
“You said it before, didn't you, Sinonon. Kirito-kun's implant.”
Asuna used the fingertips of her right hand to point at the center of her own chest.
“Ah, I see... It's the vitality sensor, right? It's true that the information is sent through the net in realtime to your terminal, Asuna...”
“Even though the signal is already severed, if we can track the fake ambulance's whereabouts during the time it delivered Kirito-kun, we might be able to figure out where he is now. That's what I'm thinking, so I'm requesting for it to be analyzed.”
“...Who?”
Asuna looked up at the sky and called a name out in place of an answer,
“Yui-chan, how is it?”
Immediately, particles of light appeared several millimeters above the surface of the table to form a little humanoid silhouette which after briefly glowing stronger, dissipated.
What emerged was a girl less than 10 centimeters tall. She had long black hair and a white one-piece skirt on, and the 4 rainbow wings on her back fluttered slightly. The girl— a pixie, widened her eyes under her long eyelashes, and moved her adorable eyes slightly as she first turned towards Asuna, and then to Lyfa and Sinon. Of course, once she deduced that she was to answer Sinon first, she floated in the air and bowed.
“Long time no see, Sinon-san.”
Sinon was addressed by the clear gossamer voice as she showed a slight smile and nodded back,
“Good evening, Yui-chan...no, I should say 'good morning' here.”
“The time now is 4:32am. Sunrise is 4:20am today, so it can be assumed to be morning. Good morning, Lyfa-san, mama.”
Yui, the player assistance AI that originated from the old SAO, turned 60 degrees to the side as she greeted, and again floated in front of Asuna.
“The signal tracking on papa's pulse that was sent to mama's terminal is 98% complete.”
“I see. If that signal came out from near Roppongi, the basis behind our guess will be strengthened... That's how it is, huh?”
Asuna nodded hard at Sinon's words. Including Lyfa, the trio stared at Yui with very expectant looks.
“Then, I'll report the results of the analysis thus far. Although not as great as the National Defense Medicine College Hospital's, as the defenses of the portable terminal's relay station were rather tough as well, I could only pinpoint signals sent from three locations.”
After saying that, Yui quickly waved her right hand, and on the surface of the table under her bare feet, a watercolor hologram appeared, showing a detailed map of the center of Tokyo. Yui's wings stopped flapping as she landed, took a few small steps over and pointed to a part of the map. *Pon*. A red dot of light appeared.
“This is the Setagaya General Hospital papa was sent to at first. This then is the place where the first signal was released.”
She moved a few steps to a new spot of light.
“Meguro Aobadai, Sanchome, the time was around 2026 29th June, 20.50pm. We can predict the path they took.”
The two light spots were then extrapolated from with a white light trail. Yui moved a few steps to the southwestern side again, and a third spot of light indicated the location. The trail of light then stretched further.
“The location where the second signal was fired was at Shirokanedai Minato-ku Ichome, and the time was around 21.10pm that day.”
Isn't that a little too far south from Setagaya to Roppongi? Asuna thought with some uneasiness, but could only close her mouth and wait for Yui to finish.
“And then... the third place where the signal was launched is here.”
The trio's expectations' were severely stymied— Yui pointed at an artificial construction site far to the east from Roppongi.
“Shinkiba, Koutou, Yonchome, the time was 21.50 that day. It was around 30 hours ago, the last time, before papa's signal was cut off.”
“Shinkiba...!?”
Asuna couldn't help but utter, then after thinking about it, there were many new intelligence buildings developed nearby there. There might be a second base of Rath located somewhere over there.
“Yui-chan... What kind of facilities are there?”
She asked as she felt her heart race, but the answer she got defied her guess.
“The facility located over there is called the 'Tokyo Heliport'.”
“Eh...? Isn't that, the launch site for helicopters?”
Sinon muttered with a shocked expression, and Lyfa immediately changed her expression.
“A helicopter!? ...That means... onii-chan was taken somewhere further away... Is that it?”
“But... Wait.”
Asuna continued to try and clear the confusion in her mind as she said,
“Yui-chan, the signal was completely cut off after it was sent from Shinkiba, right?”
“Yes...”
At this moment, for the first time, the pixie Yui's adorable face was showing a melancholic look.
“There's no sign of papa's monitor device connected to any of the terminal stations in the whole of Japan.”
“In that case... After he was taken in the helicopter from Shinkiba, he landed in some deep mountain where the electric signals of the terminal can't reach... Or the wilderness or something like that, right?”
Sinon shook her head to deny Lyfa's words.
“Even if it landed somewhere, there has to be some facility as the destination. They could first enter an area with the most advanced electronic interference then interchange at that point...”
“What if it's not in Japan... but outside...”
No one could immediately give an answer to Asuna's trembling voice.
The only thing that broke that short silence was Yui's pristine and calm voice.
“There's only one military helicopter that can fly from Tokyo to outside of the country. I can't be certain due to the lack of current data, but I feel that papa should still be somewhere within the country.”
“Yeah. Rath is researching on something that can override the current virtual technology, right? It's an enterprise that's highly classified, so it's really hard to imagine the research facility being located outside the country.”
On hearing Sinon's words, Asuna nodded in agreement. The combined Electronics Manufacturer her father lead was in turmoil because a corporate spy switched sides. The important research facilities were guarded very tightly like the Tama Hills. It was said that there had to be strict security on research facilities. If there were a lot of bases outside the country, the chances of information being revealed would definitely be greater than if it was within the country.
Lyfa showed a look of deep thought, lowered her head and muttered,
“Then... It's definitely somewhere inside Japan, far away from people, isn't it...? But can they really build such a secretive research facility in the current Japan?”
“And it's not just on the scale of doing so secretly... Yui-chan, is there something you know about Rath?”
The moment Asuna asked, Yui again floated into the air, stopped at the height of the trio's stares, and said,
“I used 12 public and 3 private search engines to begin my search, but I couldn't find any suitable match regarding the enterprise's name, facility's name or even VR technical related items. Also, I couldn't find any information regarding the technology on the 'Soul Translator', including the completion of a patent request.”
“They didn't even submit a patent for such a great invention that can read a person's soul and record them... It really is a tightly guarded secret...”
It looks like we won't be able to find any openings from outside of Rath. Asuna sighed, and Sinon shook her head blankly.
“For some reason... It's like we're wondering whether the enterprise actually exists. If I had known, I would have asked Kirito more about it... Did he mention any hints that might help us the last time we met...?”
“Umm...”
She frowned and tried desperately to rummage through her memories. Kanemoto's attack and the suspicion of abduction shocked her really hard, and the peaceful conversation she had in the Dicey Café before that seemed to be covered by a fog, like the distant past.
“At that time, it's true that... we were talking constantly about the Soul Translator, and before we knew it, evening had fallen. After that... I think he did mention a bit about how the name Rath came about...”
“Ahh... There's a monster that's either a pig or a turtle in 'Alice in Wonderland'. It's a little weird to say that though, since a pig doesn't look like a turtle.”
“Lewis Carroll who created this name didn't seem to specify what it was, and the subsequent analysis on Alice seemed to define it that way...”
Asuna sensed something flash by her mind, and as she spoke, she suddenly stopped.
“Alice...? Did Kirito-kun say anything about Alice when he exited the shop?”
“Eh?”
Sinon and Lyfa, who had been keeping quiet, widened their eyes.
“Does onii-chan have something to do with Alice in Wonderland?”
“No, that's not it... At the Rath research facility, isn't Alice some sort of shortened form or something... Well, it's common, right? Take out the first letters of each related term and combine them to form another meaning...”
“That's the so-called 'Acronym' right? The departments related to the American government often do that to make it easier to read.”
Sinon chimed in with extra tidbits of information, and Lyfa shook her ponytail as she said,
“In other words... If we combine the 5 letters, we'll get A, L, I, C, E... like that?”
“Yeah, that's it. Yes, Kirito-kun did mention...”
She gathered her concentration with all her strength, and deep within her ears, Kirito's ever-familiar voice rang. She cautiously described,
“...Aateifisharu...Reibiru...Interijen... I can't recall what C and E were for, but I think that's what A, L and I stand for.”
Asuna finally articulated as she felt her head ache slightly, perhaps because she also squeezed out the substance of her memories. However, the other two continued to think while looking like they did not notice.
“Aateifisharu... That would be 'artificial'. Interijen...ce, that would be 'intelligence'... Then what's an English term for Reibiru?”
Sinon raised her question, and Yui, who was in the air, immediately answered.
“From the pronunciation, I think the most suitable term should be 'labile', very adaptive.”
After a short pause.
“'Artificial Labile Intelligence'. If we translate it, it would mean 'A highly adaptive Artificial Intelligence'.”
“Artificial...Intelligence.”
Asuna could not help but blink as this term popped out without a reaction.
“Ahh I see... Artificial Intelligence would mean 'AI', something related to your existence, Yui. But what has a company that's developing a brand new Brain-Machine Interface got to do with AIs?”
“Doesn't it refer to characters that can move within virtual space? Like that NPC over there?”
Sinon lifted her right hand and pointed at the window as she said that. Asuna continued to speak, as she thought they had not yet grasped the main point.
“But... If this company Rath originated from 'Alice In Wonderland', then if the term 'Alice' Rath uses is a codeword for something related to Artificial Intelligence... Wouldn't that be strange? That means that company's aim isn't to develop the next generation VR interface, but to produce AIs from their research?”
“Hmm— Is that so...? But the NPCs inside games aren't really valuable... The disk-use AI programs are mostly sold everywhere. Is it really something special, that there's a need to hide the enterprise and even abduct someone?”
The moment Sinon asked that, Asuna could not answer immediately. For every step she took forward, there was an annoying feeling of hitting a wall. Is our guess a complete mistake? Terrified, Asuna still hoped to find some sort of a clue as she lifted her head to ask Yui,
“Hey, Yui-chan. What is 'Artificial Intelligence' anyway?”
Yui then showed a rare bitter smile on her face and landed on the table.
“Are you sure you want to ask me, mama? To mama, it's like asking 'what are humans'..”
“That's true.”
“Strictly put, such a definition like 'This is an Artificial Intelligence' is impossible. In this world, a real Artificial Intelligence has never existed, whether in the past or the present.”
Yui leaned slightly on the edge of the teapot, and her words caused the trio to all blink their eyes in shock.
“Eh, bu-but... You're an AI, right, Yui-chan? That means you're an Artificial Intelligence, right?”
Lyfa stammered as she said, and Yui tilted her head, keeping quiet like a teacher who was thinking of how to explain to her students, nodded a bit, then started explaining,
“Let's start from what we have called an AI before— In the last century, the people who developed AIs were aiming for a common goal through two paths. One of them is the 'top-down-type AI', and the other is called the 'bottom-up-type AI'.
Asuna pricked up her ears, trying her best to understand the content of the pure and innocent voice that the delicate girl spoke in.
“First, regarding the top-down AI, it's a kind that purely relies on the existing computer architecture to accumulate experience through simple questions and answers, ultimately becoming a real intellectual through learning. Including me, most AIs are all top-down-type, so that means... the 'knowledge' I have now may look similar to yours, mama, but it in fact is something completely different. To put it directly, an existence like mine is just a collection of a system that can only 'Hear a question A and reply with B'.”
Yui said that as her clear white cheeks showed some signs of loneliness. Are my eyes playing tricks on me? Asuna thought.
“If, how mama asked me 'What is an AI?', and how I immediately showed a 'bitter smile' or some variation like that, that would be because papa mostly made such an expression, and I gained experience and learned it when I am asked about myself. The basis itself is not really that different from the predictive text app in mama's portable terminal —because of this, the top-down-type AIs as they currently stand are nowhere near the level of being a real AI. This is the 'so-called AI' I just explained to Lyfa-san, so please understand it like that.”
After saying that, Yui turned her eyes to the distant moon outside the window.
“...Now, I'll explain about the other kind, the 'bottom-up AI'. This is similar to your brain, mama... everyone has billions upon billions of brain cells that are all interconnected within a biological organ, and the aim is to recreate this through artificial electronic devices to create awareness.”
That's really too ambitious... a concept that's completely absurd. Asuna could not help but mutter.
“Is...Isn't that too preposterous...?”
“Ehh.”
Yui immediately nodded her head in agreement.
“As far as I know, the bottom-up type was a path that was discontinued before they even planned the experiment. If it is actually realised, the awareness that would actually reside within it would be different from my kind, an existence that should really be on the same level as humans like you, mama, everyone...”
Yui diverted her stare back from afar, took a deep breath, and concluded.
“As I said, right now, there are two rationales for the term Artificial Intelligence — AI. One of them would be like me, an NPC that is part analytical program and part character, a pseudo-AI. The other kind would be one that can develop concepts, those would have the ability to create and adapt while learning, a true Artificial Intelligence.”
“Adaptability...”
Asuna muttered as she parroted the word.
“'A highly adaptive Artificial Intelligence'.”
She returned the stares of the duo and Yui, one by one, gradually formed a conclusion in her mind, then slowly turned it into words.
“Wha...What if Rath developed the STL not as an aim, but as a means...? Well, it's true that Kirito-kun had such a doubt before. Rath wanted to do something with the STL, so... If through the analysis of the human soul, the first real... bottom-up AI in the world... if that happens...”
“Then, the real codename of the AI would be 'Alice'... wouldn't it?”
On hearing Asuna's words, Lyfa muttered. Sinon had a similarly lost expression as she continued,
“In other words, Rath isn't an enterprise that develops the next generation of VR interfaces... But in fact, an enterprise that aims to develop Artificial Intelligence... Is that it?”
As they continued to discuss the situation with the 'enemy',the severity of it gradually became apparent. Such development caused the trio to quieten down. It seemed that Yui herself could not handle all the information, as she frowned.
Asuna reached her hand out to her mug, reheated it from a pop-up menu, then took a large gulp from it, "houu", she sighed, and then said as she considered her opinion on the enemy's strength,
“If Rath is the 'enemy', this won't be any ordinary enterprise we're dealing with. Considering the method they used for the abduction -sending a fake ambulance to a helicopter, and that there's a monster-like machine called the STL in that research facility -which we don't even know the location of, with the aim of creating an AI that's on par with a human. Then... the one who introduced Kirito-kun to work for Rath was Chrysheight... Kikouka-san of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications. That guy has many links with the VR-related world, and speaking of which, Rath may have some national ties...”
“Kikuoka Seijirou. As I expect, he's not just a bespectacled man who's pretending to be stupid like I saw... Can we still contact him?”
Sinon, who was frowning away, shook her head weakly.
“As of two days ago, we couldn't reach him by phone, and he wouldn't even send a message in return. During this time of emergency, I wanted to charge into the virtual division of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, but it would most likely be futile.”
“Yeah... Even though Kirito had once tried to track that guy down, that guy easily shook him off, or at least that's what Kirito said...”
4 years after the SAO incident, the «SAO Incident Victims Rescue Countermeasure Team» was placed within the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications Technology, and after the incident was resolved, it was left behind as a division to deal with virtual related problems. One of them was the civil servant with black-framed spectacles, Kikuoka Seijirou, who seemed to have established contact with Kazuto after Kazuto returned to the real world. For some reason, he paid a high price to buy the services of the ordinary high school student in the real world, Kazuto, and requested him to investigate the Death Gun Incident.
Asuna met him several times in the real world as well, and she partied with his avatar in the world of ALO, the Undine Chrysheight. However, she felt that under his relaxed and friendly attitude, there was something hidden, an impression that she could not ignore no matter what, even now. He called himself a civil servant but had no permanent place and was often treated coldly, so perhaps he was from a department that was more exclusive —Kazuto had doubts about this as well.
Kikuoka introduced Kazuto to the mysterious enterprise called Rath for a part-time job. Asuna had tried many times to contact him once Kazuto disappeared, but his portable terminal was always set to auto-reply and he could not be contacted.
She angrily called the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications Technology, only to be told that Kikuoka was working overseas. It was reasonable that he could not be contacted because of that— But thinking about it the other way, was Kazuto's disappearance related to that man? One could not help but wonder.
“But...”
At this moment, Asuna and Sinon stared at each other's frowning faces, and Lyfa said slowly,
“If Kikuoka is the link between Rath and the nation, why must he still work covertly no matter what? There's a need to protect secrets for the benefit of the company, but if it's an amazing scheme the nation is pursuing, wouldn't it be better to promote it hugely under normal circumstances?”
“Now that you mention it... That's true...”
Sinon turned her head around nimbly, nodded and answered.
In recent years, this, together with the development of the virtual space technology, were two brand new frontiers. While each country was rapidly developing -America, and later Japan announced the construction of a spaceship that did not use external boosters, an artificial base on the moon, and the construction of a space station elevator. The impact of the development of real Artificial Intelligence was unprecedented, and each government had their reasons to protect their secrets -which Asuna had not thought of.
But if that were true, if Kirito's abduction was something classified at a national level, then it would be impossible to think that they could do anything as ordinary high school students... Besides, this was an area that could not be accessed without police interference. Asuna drooped her shoulders as she was beaten by her weakness, and her eyes met Yui's as Yui looked up at her from the table.
“Yui-chan...?”
“Pull yourself together, mama. Papa never thought of surrendering when he was searching for you in ALFheim here.”
“Bu...But...I...”
“It's your turn to look for papa, mama!”
At that moment, Yui, who proposed her responses were part of a simple learning program, showed a kind and warm smile that could not be imagined with her words.
“There's still definitely a way to contact papa. Even if the enemy is the Japanese government, I believe that it definitely won't break the bond between mama and papa.”
“...Thank you, Yui-chan. I will never give up. Even if the country is our enemy... I'll barge into parliament and grab the necks of the prime minister and the officials.”
“That's the spirit!”
Asuna and her daughter stared at each other and smiled. Sinon smiled as she looked at them, and suddenly frowned hard,
“...? What is it, Sinonon?”
“No, well... The current problem is that even if Rath is a national research organization, I guess the government or the parliament still doesn't know the specifics about the research.”
“Yes... and then?”
“If this were a secret plan of a clandestine department, I don't feel that it's easy to hide that department, right?”
“What...?”
“The budget! Whether it's a research facility or the STL, there's definitely a need for a huge budget. I'm not sure how many millions or billions or more, but I think it's impossible to withdraw such a sum secretly from the treasury... In other words, they need to account for it as part of the country's budget under some name, right?”
“Yes, but... according to what Yui-chan searched, looking at those related to VR technology which require such a large budget is... Ah, I see... It's the wrong term...? It's not VR technology, but Artificial Intelligence...?”
Yui looked over at Asuna and nodded with a serious expression, telling her to hold on for a moment before opening her arms wide. Her fingertips glowed purple, and she connected to the network from within ALO.
The trio spent several seconds full of expectations and uneasiness. Yui opened her thin eyes and said in an unemotional tone that was like an electronic ethereal voice which was completely different from several seconds ago.
“Connected to the budget information data of each ministry and agency. Artificial Intelligence, AI, 38 other similar keywords are being searched now... Confirmed 18 universities, 7 third-party departments, sums used for each research project are all small... Land infrastructure and maritime exploration development projects... Automobile development project... concluding them to be unrelated...”
After that, Yui again raised a few items that were hard to comprehend, but deemed that they also were unrelated, and continued to raise examples before finally shaking her head slightly.
“...I can't find any suitable and aberrant large budget sums through normal searches and special searches. Maybe it's divided into many small sums and disguised, which makes it hard to find out from the uncovered reports.”
“I see... As expected, we find out that there are no avenues left open by them...”
Sinon folded her arms as she groaned. Asuna sounded like she was grasping at straws as she raised her voice to shout, “But.”
“—There might be a hidden budget of Rath amongst the items Yui-chan found. Why aren't we finding it? Well, I think that marine resources have nothing to do with this... So why must they carry out such a research?”
“Erm...”
Yui again widened her eyes slightly, connected herself to the relevant database, and immediately lifted her head.
“...I guess it's some form of research like searching for oil underwater or precious metal deposits on the surface of the seabed and letting a small submarine navigate on its own. There would likely be a slightly large budget channeled for those submarines that house such AIs as priority.”
“Heh... That sort of thing has to be robotized... Where are they developing it?”
“The project is located in the... «Ocean Turtle». It was finished this year, a mega-float that aimed at researching on the ocean.”
“I-I saw it on the news before.”
Lyfa interrupted.
“It appears a little like a ship with a pyramid floating on the sea.”
Asuna silenced herself and frowned. She lowered her head for a while then suddenly lifted it back up,
“Speaking of which, I did hear about this before. Ocean... Turtle...”
“Hey, Yui-chan... Do you have a picture of that research facility?”
“Yes, please hold on for a moment.”
Yui waved her right hand, and a screen appeared on the table like the previous map, before immediately forming a 3-D image of the sea. What appeared was a complicated wire frame that was drawn on the center of the picture and a refined texture.
What appeared on the small sea was truly something that one would immediately call a black pyramid.
But, viewed from above, it was not square, but a rectangle that had edges with a ratio of 2 to 3. The height of the pyramid was approximately the same length as the shorter side. If one removed the long and narrow windows, the exterior would look like it was giving off a dark grey glossy glow. If one looked at it, one would get the feeling of an equilateral hexagon that had solar panels placed tightly together.
There were projections from the four corners, and on one of the short sides, you could see a small command bridge attached. The H-logo on the roof would be the helipad, but it looked rather small. From a calculation based on the scale of the length, it was a shocking 400m.
“I see... The four legs, four sided head, the pyramid-like shell, this does look like a turtle. But isn't that too big...”
Sinon said in near amazement. Asuna swayed around to look, and pointed at the bridge of the Ocean Turtle with her right index finger.
“But, look, the head here looks like it has a protrusion on the front face. Can you tell what kind of animal it is?”
“Ah— That's true. It really looks like a pig. A turtle pig that can swim.”
Lyfa said with an innocent voice.
And then, seemingly shocked by her own words, she widened her eyes, moving her lips continuously before squeezing out with her hoarse voice.
“If it's a turtle... and also a pig...”
Asuna, Sinon and Lyfa exchanged looks with each other silently, and then shouted,

“—Rath!”
Part 2[edit]
The EC135-type helicopter passed through the thick fog above the sea, and from the window could be seen a large blue expanse below.
Unlike the view from a passenger plane at high altitudes -here, the wave peaks could be clearly seen and the sunlight dazzled from the surface of the sea as Koujiro Rinko thought, How many years has it been since I last played in the sea?
It would take merely an hour for Rinko to move from her current workplace, the California Technical Institute to the San Francisco Bay area, but even though she could have enjoyed a sunbathing lifestyle whenever she wanted, she had never taken a step onto the beach during the two years she had been working in the university.
It was definitely not because she did not like the sea breeze or the sunlight, and it seemed that a lot of time would be needed before they could take a vacation where she could earnestly enjoy herself. Rinko realized that it would likely take her another 10 or 20 years in a foreign country she did not know for her to forget about her past.
So, Rinko -who had thought that she would never step into her homeland Japan again, was now flying towards that place which was the connection to her abandoned past while looking outside the window with an indescribable feeling.
Four days ago, she had received a rather long mail that was sent from an unexpected person. She could have deleted it immediately and forgotten about it, but for some reason, Rinko had not done so. After spending less than an hour considering, she sent a reply back and had made a flight reservation. As she considered the last 2 years, she recognised that every day her thoughts had been frigid and she had been emotionally detached, and while she knew that this endeavour was completely futile, she had still decided to go...
She took a flight from Los Angeles back to Tokyo, stayed in a hotel in Narita, and then cautiously took this helicopter; Rinko sighed as she forced back this mystery she had been asking herself deep within her mind. Once I see what I need to see and hear what I need to hear, the answer will come naturally to me.
Indeed, the last time she went swimming was ten years ago, during the first year of college when she did not know anything. She invited the second-year senior, Kayaba Akihiko out and had borrowed money to buy a light automobile to drive to Enoshima. That naive 18 year old back then did not realize what kind of fate she was going to meet at all...
Rinko's mind wandered back from the musing on her distant past as the passenger beside her shouted to her with a voice that would not lose to the rotor's sound in volume,
“I SEE IT!”
The eyes from under the long, combed blond hair and sunglasses narrowed, and truly, on the other side of the curved glass window from this transport, there was a small little black body on a corner of the immense ocean's surface that extended out.
“That's...the Ocean Turtle...?”
Rinko muttered as she saw the dazzling rainbow glow due to the reflection of the black solar panels. The co-pilot in a dark suit who had been on the seat as they flew answered quietly.
“That's right. There's still 10 minutes till arrival.”

The helicopter flew approximately 250km in a long trip from Shinkiba, Tokyo to the surroundings of the large ocean research facility «Ocean Turtle», then got into landing position in a serviceable manner.
Rinko was inadvertently gobsmacked by the overly majestic sight. The term ship could not describe this completely. The large pyramid was standing steadfastly in the middle of the sea with a length that was 1.5 times that of the largest ship in the world, the Nimitz. The height was equivalent to a 25-storey building —she had investigated this data beforehand, but the difference between her imagination and reality was like the distance between the Earth and the moon.
The four-sided pyramid that was 400m long and 250m wide had black glowing panels that covered it like a shell. All of these panels were as large as the helicopter that they were currently in. How much did they invest in this thing here? Rinko could not tell. There was a rumor that in recent years, they had fully invested in the precious metals on the seabed off the Sagami Bay Coast, and after seeing that large body which defied common sense, one could tell that it was not simply a rumor.
The mechanized megafloat ocean construct looked like it was developed for the next generation of seabed oil extraction —that should be the case, but in fact, what was installed inside was a research facility for the next generation Full Dive Machine that might be called the «Soul Translator» one that could read people's soul -that was what she was told in the mail a week ago. Rinko herself was doubting this, but after personally arriving, she had no other choice but to trust the mail.
Why, why must the research with this brand new full-dive technology, the Brain Machine Interface be on the sea far from the Izu Islands? She had no idea what the reason behind it was at all, but in this black pyramid, there was a machine that combined the Nerve Gear that Kayaba Akihiko designed and the Medi-cuboid Rinko improved on for medical treatment, and as she considered this, she suddenly realized...
The two years of her life overseas had merely numbed the wound within Rinko; it never healed completely. Well, in the end, she guessed that whatever she saw on this ship would either heal her wound -or rip it open and let the blood burst out.
Rinko slowly took a deep breath inside the helicopter that was slowly descending and stared at her fellow passenger, who nodded slightly through the sunglasses, and readied herself to get off.
Perhaps the pilot was a very skilled veteran, as the machine did not seem to sway much as it landed on the designated helipad on the roof of the Ocean Turtle's bridge. First, the man in the dark suit, who was the guide, alighted from the machine nimbly and saluted, then a man in a similar suit came running over.
Rinko then walked out of the hatch and nodded at the man who came over, thinking that it was great that she chose to wear jeans inside as she jumped from a 40cm height. The soles of her sports shoes landed on the artificial ground and it was hard to imagine that a ship could have such stability and safety.
Next, the other passenger who had dazzling blond hair walked out of the machine with her sunglasses on and arched her back. Rinko also stretched her arms wide to enjoy the air that had the scent of the tides.
The man who was waiting on the floating ship showed a serious look on his tanned face and immediately saluted Rinko.
“Professor Koujiro. Welcome to the Ocean Turtle. And this is?...”
The man looked over at the passenger, and Rinko nodded as she introduced.
“This is my assistant, Mayumi Reynolds.”
“Nice to meet you.”
The co-passenger spoke in fluent English and reached her hand out to clasp the hand in a somewhat clumsy manner. The man then introduced himself.
“I'm First Lieutenant Nakanishi, assigned to lead both of you. The attendants will deliver your luggage later on. Then, please come this way—”
The man waved his right hand to a flight of stairs that could be seen on the heliport and continued,
“Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka is waiting.”

The air inside the bridge had the heat of summer and the salty tang of the Pacific Ocean, but after flowing through the elevator, the long passages and through the Ocean Turtle itself —the thick metal doors of the inside of the black pyramid, a cold and dry air blew at Rinko's face.
“Does the ship require such air-conditioning?”
She could not help but ask the First Lieutenant Nakanishi walking in front of her. The young Self-Defense Official turned around, nodded and said nonchalantly,
“Yes. There are many intricate machines, so there's a need to maintain the air temperature at around 23 degrees and humidity under 50%.”
“Is the power provided solely using solar electricity?”
“Not at all. The solar panels can't even fulfill 10% of the energy required. The main machines use a pressurized water nuclear reactor for electricity.”
“...I see.”
Things are getting more and more complicated. Rinko shook her head slightly.
In the passage that had clear grey panels, the human shapes got more and more distorted. The information she briefly read through previously was limited, and though there were probably hundreds of researchers who moved in, it seemed that there was more than enough space with regards to the size of the vessel.
They turned right, left and so forth for another 200m, and right in front of a door that appeared suddenly in front of them, there was a man who was dressed in a deep blue uniform. One would assume that to be the uniform of a security company, but he immediately saluted after seeing the First Lieutenant, and such an action was definitely not what an ordinary civilian would do.
The first lieutenant saluted in reply and said with a straightforward tone,
“Requesting permission for the researcher Professor Koujiro and her assistant Reynolds to enter area S3.”
“Undergoing confirmation.”
The security guard switched on the metallic terminal in his hand, then using his piercing stare and the monitor he scanned back and forth over Rinko's face. He nodded, and then looked over at the assistant researcher behind Rinko, using his hand to scratch the tidy beard before moving it to the side of his mouth.
“I'm sorry, can you please take off those sunglasses?”
“I see.”
The research assistant lifted her large sunglasses, and her bright blond hair and clear white skin were revealed. The security guard had to narrow his eyes at that dazzling countenance, and nodded again.
“Confirmed. Please.”
Hou. Rinko showed a bitter smile and said to the First Lieutenant,
“That's quite the strict security considering that you're in the middle of the ocean.”
“We've already cut down on the body check and other procedures. We only did checks on metals and explosives around 3 times.”
As he answered, the man in the suit took out a disc from his chest pocket and put it into the plate beside the door, then used his right hand to press it into the sensor panel. A second later, the door opened with the sound of a motor, and the door leading to the central area of the Ocean Turtle slid open.
After breaking away from the thick doors, cooler air blew in, orange light shone in, and the slight moan of the machines echoed. Kan, kan, the footsteps echoed in the space within the ship that one could not imagine to be of that size, and the guide -the First Lieutenant Nakanishi realized this as he stopped in front of a certain door.
Looking up, a simple plate labelled 'Primary Control Room' was shown there.
Finally, we're now at the last remaining place left behind by Kayaba Akihiko. Rinko held her breath and watched the back of the Self-Defense Officer who was making the last safety check.
Is this the start to a new beginning—
On the other side of the door that slid aside heavily, a deep darkness surrounded her like a shroud, causing Rinko to be unable to move for the time being. No matter how much she rejected the darkness, no matter how repulsed she felt, she was forced to acquiesce.
“...Sensei.”
The voice of the assistant from behind her caused her to regain her sensibility.
First Lieutenant Nakanishi walked into the dark room, took several steps, and turned around to look at Rinko. Upon closer inspection, the interior of the 'Primary Control Room' was not completely dark, and there were orange lights flashing on the floor.
Rinko took a large deep breath and moved her right foot forward in a determined manner. The assistant stepped in, and the door behind them closed.
They followed the markers on the floor as they moved between the large network of server machines, and after walking out of the valley of machines, Rinko widened her eyes in shock.
“......Eh......!?”
She could not help but gasp. There was a large window on the wall in front of her through which she saw an unbelievable scene.
Streets... no, it might be a city. However, it did not look like a city in Japan. The buildings were all built with white stone, and there was a strange domed roof there. Though it seemed the buildings were all around 2 levels tall, they seemed to be very small, and this was due to being surrounded by the giant tree branches and leaves that grew all over the place.
The similarly white stone hewn roads formed several steps and arched bridges passed through the woods; and the people that were walking around —were obviously not people from modern times.
There was not a single man in a suit or a woman in mini-skirt. Everyone's aspect was dressed in middle-aged clothing, like a one-piece vest or a longcoat. There were also hair colors of all kinds -blond, brunette and black, and as one they stared at them. It would be hard to tell if they were Easterners or Westerners.
Where is this place? When did we move from the research ship to an underground world or some other world? Shocked, Rinko looked away, and at the end of the streets that stretched out into the distance, there was a pure white gigantic tower. The main tower was accompanied by four side towers, and extending out from the horizon was a distant blue sky that even the window could not contain.
Rinko took a few steps forward to see how tall the tower was that reached into the sky, and finally realized that the scene in front of her was not a window, but an image that was shown on a large monitor panel. Soon, the lights of the ceiling brightened, chasing away the darkness in the room.

“Welcome to the Ocean Turtle.”

An unexpected voice came from the right side, and Rinko immediately moved her gaze.
There were the silhouettes of two men right in front of the mini-theater screen with the monitor panel, at the console that had keyboards, sub-monitors and many other things.
One of them was sitting on a chair with his back facing everyone, typing away at the keyboard in a relaxed manner. However, the other man that was at the edge of the console immediately narrowed his eyes through his glasses the moment his eyes met Rinko's.
It was a smile she had seen many times before, an easy to approach smile that was hard to read into. This was the Self-Defense Officer who was sent to the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka Seijirou, but—
“...What's with that attire.”
What replaced a greeting for the duo who had not met in two years was a frown from Rinko as she enquired. First Lieutenant Nakanishi who was in a suit immediately exchanged salutes with Kikuoka Seijirou, who in turn got up. He was dressed in a blue yukata with Kurume rice patterns, a kaku obi tied around it, and wooden clogs under his bare feet.
“I'll take my leave then.”
First Lieutenant Nakanishi saluted Rinko and left -once again the sounds of the doors sliding shut could be heard. Kikuoka, who was still standing, leisurely leaned on the consoles, and explained in a husky impassive voice,
“But I still have to stay on this ocean for another month. I can't just continue to wear a uniform like that.”
He opened his arms wide and smiled.
“—Professor Koujiro, Miss Reynolds, it's been a long journey. I'm really glad that you would come to Rath, and that our invitations have proved their worth.”
“Well, since we're here, we'll have to intrude on you, though we can't guarantee that we can be helpful.”
Rinko nodded back, and the assistant beside her greeted him in the same manner as well. Kikuoka's eyebrows curled up as his gaze remained on the luxurious blond hair of the assistant, and immediately smiled.
“You are quintessential to this plan no matter what, the last person amongst the trio I felt would be part of this. Finally, the three of you are all gathered in the belly of this turtle.”
“Oh, I see... one of them must be you, Higa-kun.”
Rinko said so, and the second guy who had his back facing them up till now stopped his hands and turned the chair around.
He was about as tall as Kikuoka, but looked a lot shorter. His whitened hair was standing like a hill of swords, and he was wearing round rimmed spectacles that did not look too elegant. His attire of a T-shirt was faded in color, the three-quarter length jeans and the sneakers with damaged soles made him look no different from his time in university.
Higa Takeru, someone she had not met in 5, 6 years, showed a sheepish smile on his boyish face that matched his body build, and said,
“That's me. As the last student of the Shigemura lab, if I don't inherit the will of my mentors, who will?”
“Really...you're the same as ever.”
The Shigemura lab in the Touto University Electrical and Electronic Engineering had two prodigious figures, Kayaba Akihiko and Sugou Nobuyuki, and Higa was under the shadows of those two like an existence in hiding. When was he involved in such a classified grand-scale plan? Rinko thought as she reached her hand out to hold her past protégé's hand.
“...Then? Who's the third person?”
She again asked after the third person, but the Self-Defense Officer showed that enigmatic-like smile that never changed and shook his head slightly.
“Unfortunately, I can't introduce him for now. Don't worry, in a few days...”

“Then, I'll help you say the name aloud, Kikuoka-san.”

—The one who spoke was not Rinko, but the 'assistant' who had been standing behind her quietly, like a shadow,
“What...!?”
You finally fell into the trap. Rinko gave such an expression as she saw Kikuoka widen his eyes in shock, and took a step back from her assistant.
The assistant stepped forward majestically, and used her right hand to take off the blond wig and the left hand to take off the large sunglasses. The hazel colored eyes stared right at Kikuoka as she said,


“Where did you hide Kirito-kun?”
An unfamiliar panic and shock ran through the Lieutenant Colonel as his disconcerted face rattled through various emotions and he continued to open and close his mouth, before finally whispering,
“...I thought the identity of the researcher should have been checked thoroughly through the California Technical Institute's database.”
“Ehh, sensei and I had been searching the faces for a long time.” Asuna the «Flash», Yuuki Asuna, used the identity of Rinko's assistant Mayumi Reynolds to disguise herself and sneak aboard the Ocean Turtle, and stared at Kikuoka straight in the eyes as she straightened herself and answered,
“We merely switched the photo of the database a week ago to mine. We do have someone who's very good in breaking through firewalls.”
“On a side note, the real Mayumi is enjoying a sunbath in San Diego.”
Rinko added as she smiled.
“Now, I suppose you do understand why I accepted your invitation, Kikuoka-san?”
“Ahh...I understand completely.”
Kikuoka weakly shook his head as he rubbed his temples with his fingertips. Kuku, suddenly, Higa, who had been staring at them blankly, started laughing all of a sudden.
“See, that's—why I said, Kiku-san. That boy is the biggest security hole in this plan.”

Four days ago, on the 1st of July, she had received mail in her private address with the sender being 'Yuuki Asuna'. It contained something that was able to move Rinko, who had been roving between her house and the school campus like a nomad, greatly.
Asuna wrote about the «Medicuboid» technology Rinko provided to the Japanese Ministry of Health and Welfare, and how the basic design of it was used to develop a monstrous machine called the Soul Translator, which the mysterious organization called Rath was operating.
The main aim to develop this machine that could connect to human souls was most likely to create the world's first bottom up Artificial Intelligence. The boy who was assisting in the experiment, the unconscious Kirigaya Kazuto, was abducted from the hospital, and the likely destination was probably the megafloat research ship Ocean Turtle that had just entered these waters. The suspected mastermind behind this was the civil servant who had deep relations with Kazuto since the SAO incident, Kikuoka Seijirou —these unbelievable words were at first glance what was written within.
“I found Professor Koujiro's private address from Kirito-kun's PC email address. Only you can give me the chance to bring me to Kirito-kun. Please lend me your strength—”
The mail ended just like that.
Rinko was deeply touched as she had the feeling that what Yuuki Asuna said was the truth. As for the reason why, about 1 year ago, Kikuoka Seijirou used his position as Lieutenant Colonel to invite her to a development project for the next generation of the Brain Machine Interface repeatedly.
Rinko lifted her head from the monitor, looked at the night scene of the city of Pasadena through the window of her condominium, and remembered the face of the boy called Kirigaya from before she left the country.
He had explained the illegal human experiment Sugou Nobuyuki did, finally adding on hesitantly about what he talked about with Kayaba Akihiko in the illusory real world, and the secret request for the «Cardinal System» kernel for some unknown intent.
After thinking about it, she realized that the high intensity and high output brain pulse scanner Kayaba Akihiko used to end his own life was the original design for the Medicuboid and the Soul Translator. So everything was linked together. Nothing changed. I suppose it was necessary for me to receive Yuuki Asuna's mail—?
A night later, Rinko made her decision and sent a reply agreeing to Asuna's request.

It was a dangerous gamble, but I suppose making my way here to the Pacific is worth seeing Kikuoka Seijirou's shocked look, Rinko smiled. She may have gotten the advantage over Kikuoka -who had been working secretly since the SAO incident and always looked like he was in control of everything, but it was too early to relax.
“Then, since we're here, I suppose you understand everything now...don't you, Kikuoka-san? Why did you, a Self-Defense Officer, fake a low profile in the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to enter the VR world? What are you planning inside this large turtle? And...why did you kidnap Kirigaya-kun?”
Rinko fired one question after another, and Kikuoka could only shake his head and sigh hard as he showed a smile that was impossible to read.
“First, let me explain this misunderstanding that never happened in the first place...I did drag Kirito-kun into Rath through somewhat forceful means, and I am really sorry about that. But that was because we wanted to save him.”
“...What do you mean?”
If Asuna had a sword at her waist, she would have placed her hand on the hilt. Her forceful countenance was palpable as she closed in.
“Kirito-kun was attacked by the fugitive in the “Death Gun” incident and fell into a coma. I knew of it on that day itself. His brain took a whole lot of damage due to low oxygen levels, and I am very certain that the level of damage could not be treated through modern medicine.”
Asuna's face suddenly went stiff.
“Can't...be treated...”
“A portion of the neural cells inside the brain that form the network were wrecked. Even if he entered a hospital, no doctor could tell when he could wake up. It was possible that he might never wake up again...okay, you don't have to show such an expression, Asuna-kun. Didn't I say that if it were modern medicine?”
Kikuoka gave a 200% most serious expression as he continued,
“However, in this world, only Rath has the technology to heal Kirito-kun. It's the STL that you already know of, the Soul Translator. The dead brain cells can't be treated, but it is still possible to boost the regeneration of the brains neural network by reviving the Fluctlight through the STL. It's just a matter of time.”
The strong right arm that reached out of the sleeve of the yukata pointed at the ceiling.
“Right now, Kirito-kun is connected to that main conduit of the full-scale STL. We couldn't do any delicate operations in our branch in Roppongi, so there was a need to come back here. Once the treatment ended and he regained consciousness, we would have explained everything to his family and Asuna-kun and sent him back to Tokyo properly.”
After hearing that, Asuna's body suddenly swayed, and Rinko hurriedly reached her hands out to support her.
The girl who had shown amazing insight and the resolve to barge to the side of her beloved suddenly lost all her tenseness, as a large tear rolled down the side of her face. She wiped it off in a determined manner, and stood up once more.
“Then, is Kirito-kun alright? Can he still wake up?”
“Ahh, I can assure you of that. His treatment here definitely won't be inferior to any large hospital's. We even assigned a specialized custodian for him.”
Asuna's strong stare that was trying to probe into Kikuoka's real intent relaxed after several seconds, and she nodded slightly.
“...I understand. I'll trust you for today.”
Kikuoka heaved a sigh of relief and his shoulders relaxed the moment he heard that. Rinko took a step forward and asked,
“But why is Kirigaya-kun important in the development of the STL? Why must you abduct an ordinary high school student like him for this secret plan that had to be hidden in the middle of the ocean?”
Kikuoka exchanged glances with Higa, and shrugged his shoulders, Oh well...
“I'll have a lot of things to say if I have to explain that.”
“It's alright. There's still a lot of time.”
“...Since I have to explain everything, you will have to assist in the development as well, Professor Koujiro.”
“I'll decide once I hear you out.”
The Self-Defense Officer looked slightly peeved as he dramatically sighed again. He pulled out a small tube from his yukata sleeve, and as one they wondered what the item was which turned out to just be some cheap lemon sweets. He popped 2, 3 sweets into his mouth and then offered them to Rinko's group.
“Want some?”
“...No thanks.”
“Very well... then, I suppose I can assume that both of you know the basics of the STL, right?”
Asuna nodded in affirmation.
“It is a machine that reads the human soul... «Fluctlight» and creates a virtual world that is completely identical to the real world.”
“Fm. Then, what's the aim of this plan?”
“The development of a bottom-up...«Highly adaptive Artificial Intelligence».”
Higa whistled as the eyes under the round framed spectacles showed a look of admiration, shaking his head in disbelief.
“Amazing, Kirito-kun shouldn't have understood things to such an extent. How did you manage to investigate this deeply?”
Asuna looked over at Higa as if she was sizing him up, and said with a stiff tone,
“...I heard the term «Artificial Labile Intelligence» from Kirito-kun...”
“Haha, I see. Looks like it would be better for you to check on the confidentiality in Roppongi, Kiku-san.”
Higa said with a grinning look on his face, and Kikuoka's frowning face looked away.
“I was already prepared that some level of information would be leaked to Kirito-kun. I considered that risk, but his assistance is quintessential. You should understand that... un, where were we? Oh, the highly adaptive Artificial Intelligence, right?” Kikuoka again popped a lemon sweet into the air and nimbly caught it with his mouth. The Lieutenant Colonel then continued in a lecturing tone,
“The bottom up-type AI is a replicated construct of our human consciousness, and it was thought for a long time to be a flight of fancy, a pipe dream. But though we call it a consciousness construct, we have no idea what kind of structure it has and how it was formed —it's just that we used the data provided by Koujiro-sensei and the highly interpretive and imaginative «Soul Translator» this Higa-kun invented, and finally managed to capture a human soul -a quantum field we call «Fluctlight», successfully. Since we managed to make it all the way here, we feel the success in the development of the bottom up AI is to be expected... Do you know why?”
“If you can read a human soul, you just need to clone it next... is that right?”
Rinko felt a slight chill as she said.
“Of course, though there is the question of the medium required to contain the soul copy...”
“Un, that's the case. The gate elements used in the past for quantum computer systems were not enough. Thus, this is the «Quantum Particle Gate Crystallization» that has had lots of funds invested into it, also commonly known as a «Lightcube». This construct that is 5 cm is made from Praseodymium that can store hundreds of millions of qubits. In other words... we have successfully cloned a human soul.”
Rinko forced her hands into the pockets of her jeans to hide the chilly feeling on her fingers. Asuna, who was standing beside her, seemed to turn pale.
“...Then, the research is already successful, right? Why is there still a need to call us over.”
She fearlessly exerted strength into her stomach as she asked that. Kikuoka exchanged glances with Higa again, showed a weak smile on the left side of his face, and slowly nodded.
“...Well, we did succeed in our soul cloning, but we did not realize our own folly. There's a large divide of incomprehension between a human clone and a real Artificial Intelligence... Higa-kun, show them that thing.”
“Ehh—spare me already. It'll be really messy.”
Higa shook his head unwillingly, but sighed thereafter and started operating the console unwillingly.
Suddenly, the screen that was showing the mysterious foreign country darkened.
“Then, loading copy module HG001.”
Tan. Higa tapped the enter key -and there was a fractal light shining in the middle of the screen. The middle was nearly white, and the sharp outer boundary of the red light was flickering irregularly.
“...Is the sampling complete?”
An unexpected voice could be heard from the speakers above, shocking Rinko and Asuna. They heard Higa's own voice, but there was a rather melancholic feeling behind it, perhaps because of the thin metal.
Higa, who was sitting on the chair, took the flexible microphone on the console and answered the voice that was similar to his,
“Ahh, the sampling of the Artificial Fluctlight was completed without a hitch.”
“I see. That's good then. But...what's going on? It's completely dark here. I can't move my body. Is the STL malfunctioning? Sorry, let me out of the machine.”
“No...unfortunately, I can't do that.”
“Oi oi, what now? What are you saying? Who are you? I've never heard your voice before.”
Higa was giving off a cold sweat as he remained silent for a while, and then answered in a slow tone,
“I'm Higa. Higa Takeru.”
“...”
The red light flared, and suddenly cringed back. After a moment of silence, the sharp extremities expanded as if they were resisting something.
“Damn bastard, what are you saying!? I'm Higa here! Let me out of the STL!”
“Calm down, don't get upset. This isn't like you.”
At this point, Rinko finally understood the meaning of the scene in front of her.
Higa was talking to the clone of his own soul.
“Then, think about it calmly, try and recall. Your memory should be interrupted the moment you entered the STL to extract the Artificial Fluctlight clone.”
“...So what? Of course that's the case. I was unconscious during the scan.”
“You remember what you said before you entered the STL, right? If you don't feel your body when you wake up, and if there is darkness around you, it means you're a clone of Higa Takeru.”
The light again shrank back like some sort of sea creature. The long silence continued for a while, then 2, 3 weak spikes reached out.
“...Impossible. There can't be such a thing. I'm not a clone, I'm the real Higa Takeru. I...I have my own memories. I remember everything from kindergarten, university until the time I got onto the Ocean Turtle...”
“That's true, but that's to be expected. We cloned the complete memories of the Artificial Fluctlight... as a clone, you are truly Higa Takeru. Therefore, you should have a superior intellect. Calm down and analyze the situation over and over again. Let's work hard to achieve our common aim.”
“...Our...you're saying us?”
There was a highly emotional feeling within the metallic voice of the clone, and at that moment, Rinko's hands trembled mightily. She had never seen such a cruel and grotesque 'experiment' before.
“...No...no, I can't believe it. I'm the real Higa. What kind of experiment is this? It's alright now. Just let me out of here. Kiku-san...are you there? Don't play any disgusting games now and let me out.”
On hearing that, Kikuoka showed a melancholy expression, bent down, and brought his mouth to the microphone.
“...It's me, Higa-kun. No... I should be calling you HG 001. Unfortunately, the fact is that you really are a clone. You took many instructions before the scan, talked with me and the other technicians, and you should have been mentally prepared to emerge as a clone. You entered the STL with that belief in the possibility.”
“But... but... no... NO ONE TOLD ME IT WOULD BE LIKE THIS!!!”
The shrill voice of the clone rang through the control room.
“I...I'M ME! IF I WERE CLONED, YOU COULD HAVE GIVEN ME THE REALITY OF BEING A CLONE... SUCH A THING... SUCH A THING IS TOO MUCH... NO... LET ME OUT!! LET ME OUT OF HERE!!”
“Calm down. Remain calm. The error correction function of the Light Cube is not as great as that of the brain's. You should know the dangers of losing your cool when thinking.”
“I'M PERFECT!! I'M HIGA TAKERU! IF THAT'S THE CASE, HOW ABOUT I START A PI RECITING CONTEST WITH THAT FAKE!? OI, LET'S START! 3.1415926535897932......”
The red light expanded, dissipating from the screen and disappeared from the center. A small sound resonated as the microphone went silent.
Higa Takeru sighed long and hard again, weakly pressed the key on the console, and declared,
“It collapsed. 4 minutes and 27 seconds.”

After hearing that mumble, Rinko gradually released her tightly clenched fists, and her palms were drenched in an icy cold sweat.
Asuna used her right hand to cup her mouth the moment she saw the collapse. Kikuoka, who detected that, kicked an adjacent empty chair with castor wheels from underneath the console gently over to them. The pale-stricken Asuna immediately took it and sat on it.
“Are you alright?”
Upon hearing that, the girl lifted her head and nodded firmly.
“Ehh...sorry, I'm alright.”
“Don't force yourself. It's better to close your eyes for a while.”
Rinko put her hands on Asuna's shoulders, checked that she had calmed down, stared at Kikuoka's face again, and said,
“There has to be a limit to your vulgar tastes, Kikuoka-san.”
"I'm sorry, but I suppose you can understand that I can't explain this without letting you see it."
The Self-Defense Officer shook his head, sighed and continued,
"This Higa-kun is a genius with an IQ of nearly 140. We made a clone of him and the clone could not take the realization that it was a clone. We made more than 10 Artificial Fluctlights, including mine, but the results were all the same. At an average of around 3 minutes, their train of logic would start to run rampant without exception."
"I normally won't call him out like that. I won't use the first person pronoun of 'ore'. I think you can understand, Rinko-sempai."
Higa Takeru showed a reluctant and fervent expression as he continued,
"That was already not a problem of understanding the abilities and mental state of a clone, but the structural flaws by using the Light Cube to completely clone an Artificial Fluctlight, or that's what I feel... —Koujiro-sempai, do you know the term «Brain Resonance»?"
“Eh? Brain resonance...I do remember that it has something to do with cloning techniques, but the details...”
“Well, it's a bizarre fantastical theory. If we can create a clone that's completely identical to the original, the magnetic fields created by both people's brains will create a resonance which is amplified like the feedback of a microphone, and both of them will be destabilized. I can't believe that easily —but if our human consciousness can't endure the fact that we are not unique existences , there may be such a possibility... well there, don't show such an aprehensive expression. If impossible, how about you try it, Rinko-sempai?”
“Definitely not.”
Rinko felt intimidated as she immediately refused. Asuna, who had been sitting on the chair with her eyes closed, whispered in place of the silenced trio,
“...I suppose Kikuoka-san met her many times in ALO. The top-down-type AI Yui-chan said before... even she, who has a completely different construct from the human consciousness, is scared of being cloned. If some accident caused her backup copy to be activated and allowed to take action, they would most likely fight each other to destroy each other...”
“Heh, that's rather interesting. Very interesting.”
Higa immediately pushed his glasses up and leaned forward.
“Kiku-san was the only one who saw her? That's too sneaky. Please allow me to meet her next time. Yes, I see... as expected, it's impossible to clone a developed intellect... or rather, the only possibility is if the intellect is undeveloped...”
“But that's...”
Rinko pondered for a while, opened her arms wide, and faced Kikuoka, saying,
“Leaving that aside, the cloning of a soul is really amazing, but you failed to attain the goal of your research, right? I don't know how much you spent, but using the country's funds only to produce such results is...”
“No no no.”
Kikuoka smiled bitterly and shook his head,
“If that was the outcome, my head would be already flying to the ceiling fan. And not just mine...several of the big shots in the Integrated Supervision Department would also be dead.”
He played with the tube that contained the lemon sweets again, and after realizing that it was empty, took out a box of white milk sweets from his other sleeve and chewed on one.
“In fact, you can say that this is the start of the project. It's impossible to clone a developed soul, is that right... and if that won't work, what do you think we have to do, professor?”
“...Can you give me one of those?”
She took the milk sweet Kikuoka happily handed over, unwrapped it and popped it into her mouth. The soured sweet taste of yoghurt spread in her mouth. The American flavours were not to her tastes, but the sugar caused the mental fatigue to be washed away as she organized her thoughts.
“...How about you limit their memories? For example... delete personal information like names and addresses. If you don't know who you are, you can't create the dramatic hysteria which occurred just now...”
“As expected of you, sempai, to be able to think of something like that immediately.”
Higa used his old university tone as he continued,
“We spent around a week brainstorming before we finally thought of that idea. We then tried to implement it, but... Artificial Fluctlights aren't as easy to manipulate as files in a calculator's OS. Simply put, their memories and abilities are entangled with each other. If we think about it, that's obvious since our abilities aren't inherent in us from the beginning, but are all learnt.”
And then, Higa took out a memo pad on the table and used two fingers of his right hand to hold it.
“Learning is also a form of memory. Once you forget the memory of using a pair of scissors to cut paper for the first time, you will forget how to use the scissors... in other words, deleting memories that are a part of growing up will cause the related ability to be gone. The tragic state of such a clone is something a developed clone can't compare to. Also, wanna look?”
“No...no need for that, thanks.”
Rinko hurriedly shook her head to refuse.
“Then... the memories and abilities will disappear no matter what, so how about learning from the beginning? No...that's not realistic. It would take too long.”
“Ehh, that's the case. Besides, learning basic abilities like language and calculations are more difficult for us adults who have less room to develop our brains to learn. I've been trying to learn Korean, and I have been learning their systemic language for who knows how many years... afterall, the process of learning is a development of a neural network like that of a quantum computer... in other words, it means that the efficiency will drop increasingly as it evolves further from it's state of 'birth'.”
“Then, memories... aren't just limited in terms of data, but also by thoughts and logic? Can the STL even do such a thing...?”
“If it wants to do so, I don't think there's anything it can't do. It's just that we have to account for the amount of time we need to analyze the Artificial Fluctlight in qubits that amounts to billions, determining what functions each individual qubit has. A few years...decades, we don't know how long. But... there's a more direct and simple method this uncle here thought of. I guess it's an idea us researchers can't think of...”
Rinko blinked and stared at Kikuoka, who had his waist leaning against the console. The poker face looked rather calm, and it was still impossible to read this person's mind.
“...A simple method...?”
Even after thinking hard, she couldn't think of it, and just as she was about to surrender by asking him, *GATAN*, Asuna, who was on the chair slightly further away, stood up as if she had jumped.
“Do...don't tell me, you all, did such a horrifying thing...”
Her face was still rather pale, but her eyes regained their adamant glow. The beauty that far exceeded that of a normal Japanese showed an intense rage as Asuna stared right at the Self-Defense Officer.
“...You...you cloned the soul of newborn babies? To get flawless Fluctlights that had nothing learned?”
“You have really amazing perception. You and Kirito-kun both did clear SAO... the hero who beat that Kayaba Akihiko. I suppose it would be disrespectful of me to say this, wouldn't it?”
Kikuoka continued to smile as he showed an expression of pure admiration.
Rinko's heart suddenly ached the moment she unexpectedly heard Kayaba's name.
After knowing Asuna for merely a few days, Rinko had a very good impression on her. Strictly put, Asuna had the right to lecture, curse and judge Rinko, and even after hiding a lot of things, Rinko still helped Kayaba Akihiko in his dreadful plot, causing Asuna to be trapped in that cruel death game for 2 years.
However, neither Asuna nor Kirigaya Kazuto, who met her a long time ago, ever blamed Rinko. It was as if they were saying that it was bound to happen.
In that case, did Asuna think that this «Rath incident» is definitely something that would occur? —Rinko continued to stare forward as she inadvertently thought that, and Asuna took a step towards Kikuoka again.
“Do you think... the Self-Defense Force, the country can do whatever they want? Placing their goals as the priority?”
“How can that be?”
Kikuoka looked like he was greatly hurt as he shook his head hard.
“It was really too much of us to abduct Kirito-kun, but at that moment, I could not tell all our secrets to Asuna-kun and Kirito-kun's family. We used our connections with the National Defense Medical College hospital to transport Kirito-kun to the Ocean Turtle, and even if we had to fight for every moment and we did have to use extreme means to quickly get him treated in the STL here. I do like him a lot.”
The Lieutenant Colonel paused, showing what might be an innocent smile, pushed his black-framed glasses back and continued,
“...On the other hand, I am trying my best to maintain law and order, compared to many research enterprises and countries in the world. It's all the same whether you agree with it right now or not. Of course, we obtained permission from the parents of the newborns to use the STL to scan their Fluctlight, and gave them ample thanks. The branch office in Roppongi was prepared for that... it is similar to an obstetric hospital.”
“But you didn't explain everything to their parents, right? About what kind of machine the STL is.”
“Ahh... it's true that we only said that we were obtaining brainwave samples... but that can't be considered a lie. Fluctlights are electric waves inside the brain.”
“That's just making excuses. That's similar to extracting DNA from kids who don't know anything and cloning them.”
At this moment, Higa, who had kept quiet, unexpectedly raised his arms to do a large timeout sign to Kikuoka.
“That's really a little too much, Kiku-san. I feel that there's a question of morality in secretly cloning newborn Fluctlights. But...Yuuki-san? Your understanding is a little mistaken. The Fluctlights don't have any physical differences in them like genes, especially when they're born.”
He nudged the edge of his silver-framed glasses in that supervisor-like manner, seemingly looking around for a choice of words.
“Let's see...how about I explain this. For example, a manufacturer produces the same model of computer, and when it's produced, the specifications and appearances are all the same. However, once they end up in the users' hands, it can be said that they will be changed into something completely different in half a year, or one year. It's the same for human Fluctlights. In the end, we managed to clone Artificial Fluctlights out of 12 children, but after comparing them with each other, we found that the brain capacity was no different. About 99.98% of them were of completely identical constructs, and the 0.02% difference can be said to be the accumulated memories they have gained since they were born. In other words, the human thinking ability and personalities are all determined once they're born. The theory that abilities and personalities are inherited by genetics are completely repudiated. I really want to pierce holes all over this fatal flaw the eugenics believers believe in.”
“You can poke holes in it once the plan is complete.”
Kikuoka said with a seemingly tired expression.
“Anyway, Higa-kun has already explained this. In conclusion, a newborn Fluctlight clone does not have a specified personality from the cloning. Thus, if we cautiously eliminate the 0.02% difference from the 12 samples, what we get is what we call,”
His arms looked like they were bearing something very important—
“«Spiritual Prototype»... «Soul Archetype».”
“...You just thought of such an exaggerated term. In other words, that's the 'self' in Jung's Psychology, right?”
Kikuoka could only give a wry smile in response to Rinko's question, and shrugged.
“No no, I don't really want to explain it in details. That's just an explanation on the workings. Yes... the Spiritual Prototype all humans have can be considered as a CPU core, I suppose that is a way to explain it. When humans grow, the core will have all sorts of processes and memories installed until the structure of the core changes... it's not enough for us to put that «completed item» type of basic clone into the Light Cube when we're looking for a «Highly Adaptive Artificial Intelligence». We just showed an example to you before. Then, if we clone the Spiritual Prototype into the Light Cube right from the beginning... into the virtual world and let it grow, consider what would happen.”
“But...”
Asuna did not look like she understood. Rinko put her hand on Asuna's shoulder to get her to sit down, and interjected,
“Let it grow. Even if you say that, it's different from plants and pets, right? It's the same with human children, that Spiritual Prototype. Then, I suppose there's a need for the virtual world to be extremely vast, an imitation that is of a level equal to current society... can you actually do such a thing?”
“Impossible.”
Sighing, Kikuoka admitted.
“It's a virtual world created by the STL. It's different from the VR worlds we had in the past in that there's no need for 3D objects, but it's still difficult to use a complex and exotic modern society to produce it —do you remember a character in a movie before you were born, Asuna-kun? There was a given situation where a man's life was filmed as a movie and aired from his birth. The immaculate set that was built in the large domed city was populated with hundreds of temporary actors, all for a male protagonist who was unaware that he was one... in a situation that was created for this. However, that man grew up, learned from this world, found various peculiarities in this world and finally realized the truth...” [1]
“I saw it. I liked the movie quite a bit.”
Rinko said, and Asuna indicated her agreement. Kikuoka nodded and continued,
“In other words...if we want complete processing of the world, there is necessary information we have to include... the world is a huge round body, and there might be many countries in it or something like that. We will try not to cause a misunderstanding in the humans growing up in the simulation that might cause them to feel out of place and get into trouble. Even the STL can't completely replicate the virtual world.”
“Then, how about you bring the civilization level of the simulation back to a past era? During the time humans discovered science and philosophy, when they remained in that age from birth till death... if that happens, wouldn't your aim be to let the Spiritual Prototypes develop?”
“Un, that might be a roundabout method, and would need a lot of time for that... in the STL, firstly, if it's like Professor Koujiro assumed, we would try to nurture the first generation of AI under certain conditions. To put it specifically, it would be a small Japanese village in the 16th century, however...”
At this moment, Kikuoka paused and shrugged, Higa then spoke up,
“This isn't as easy as you imagine it to be. We're complete amateurs to the culture and social norms during that era. We knew that a large amount of data would be necessary in order to build a home, and we had to huddle our heads together and think before we finally did. It was simple, there was no need to recreate the middle ages. We understood that a limited terrain and customs would bring about different settings that we can then adjust however we want, and all the troublesome issues can be resolved by the term 'magic'. Such a world itself is like a range, in that familiar network world Asuna-kun and Kirigaya-kun are familiar with.”
“A VRMMO world.”
Higa stared at Asuna, who whispered in a hoarse voice, and snapped his fingers.
“I actually went around playing them, though I can say that I keep hitting walls. However, even though I don't know who created it, I hear that they even have free packages to create new such games?”
“...!”
Higa was talking about «The Seed»... Kayaba Akihiko's work, the kernel version of the Cardinal System that Kirigaya Kazuto realized. Rinko took a gasp of cold air as she immediately comprehended this, but it seemed that Higa and Kikuoka did not realize where that program originated from.
Immediately, Rinko realized that there was still something secretive about that incident, and pretended not to know anything as she touched Asuna's shoulders with her fingers. It seemed that Asuna received what she wanted to say as she wordlessly shook her head.
Higa did not realize something was wrong with the duo as he continued with an open-minded tone,
“If we create a virtual world within the STL main frame, we won't need any 3D data. But in that case, it would be too uninteresting to create the model data from the surveillance monitor. That's why we hurried and downloaded The Seed and used the editor that came with it to frantically create the village and surrounding landscape before using the visual mnemonics of the STL to transfer it.”
“Is that so... in other words, that world became a double construct, right? The lower priority server operates through the VR world with a common data exchange, while the upper priority STL main frame operates through a specially-designed VR world. So what happens if we swap both of them... how about that?”
Yes, Higa nodded, and another question popped up before he could think.
“...Then, what if we don't use the STL for the lower priority server but dive in with the AmuSphere, can it work?”
“Erm... well, theoretically, it is possible, but the frequencies have to be lowered by twofold... the visual mnemonic and the polygon data aren't encompassed...”
Higa started to stutter, and Kikuoka rubbed his hands as he took over,
“Anyway, after many setbacks, we finally managed to complete our first milestone.”
The Self-Defense Officer seemed to be reminiscing on his own past as his gaze wavered in the air.
“The first village we made had 16 Spiritual Prototypes in two farming families... in other words, we let the AI children grow to the age of 18.”
“Wa, wa, grow up... who were the parents who raised them? Don't tell me it's an existing AI?”
“We discussed that before, and no matter how many capabilities the AI in The Seed has, it's impossible to raise the children using it. The first generation parents were humans, four male and female technicians acted as their parents and spent 18 years in the STL. Though the memories from within were eliminated -it couldn't be helped as part of the experiment, so we could only bear with that. The reward money we gave wasn't enough.”
“No, but it seemed that they were unexpectedly enjoying it.”
Rinko stared blankly at the faces of Kikuoka and Higa who were chatting away leisurely, and finally squeezed out words from her mouth.
“18 years...? I heard that the Soul Translator has a subjective time acceleration function... how much would that be in the real world?”
“About a week.”
The immediate answer shocked her again. 18 years had approximately 940 weeks, which means that the STL time acceleration function was shockingly at approximately 1000 times.
“Won't... there be problems if the human brain is accelerated to 1000 times the normal processing rate?”
“The STL is not connected to the human brain, but the quantum particles that form the consciousness. We let the electric signals trigger the neurons in the neurotransmitters resulting in various biological phenomenon, allowing them to accelerate. In other words, theoretically, you can assume that the time required to think has more or less accelerated, and there won't be any damage to the brain.”
“In other words, there's no upward limit...?”
Rinko had some simple prior knowledge about the Soul Translator time acceleration function, but did not know the exact number, and could only try her best to understand, speechless.
Up until now, she had always thought that the greatest function of the STL was to copy a human soul, but the shock that came with the time acceleration function was no less than before. That was because the possibility of theoretically increasing the work efficiency in virtual space was enough to shock her.
“However... there are still problems we haven't confirmed yet, so the current maximum limit is around 1,500.”
Rinko's mind was numb because of the shock, but was calmed down by Higa Takeru's depressed expression.
“Problems?”
“There were suggestions such as whether the soul has its own lifespan compared to the brain that is part of the body system...”
Rinko could not understand immediately as she tilted her head to think. Higa stared at Kikuoka, giving a look that said 'can I continue from this?' The Self-Defense Officer immediately looked as if the milk sweet in his mouth suddenly became bitter, and promptly said,
“Well, we still haven't gotten out of the hypothesis stage. Simply put, the quantum computer we call «Artificial FluctLights» have limited capacity, and if we pass the limit, the construct will degrade... We haven't tested it out, so we can't explain it definitively, but we set a FLA maximum limit for safety purposes.”
“...In other words, the body has aged for many years while externally less than a week has passed on the outside? Won't the time acceleration function be useless now? Is there no other way to avoid such a phenomenon?”
Rinko could not help but ask as she showed the inquisitive nature of a researcher, and this time, Higa showed a depressed expression.
“Erm, well, theoretically... it's not like we've never had such fantasies ourselves. We have thought of making a portable STL device, and using that device to store the memories during the acceleration into an external device so that the capacity of the Fluctlight will not run out. However, it's definitely impossible to shrink the STL like that. Even if we could find a way for that, there's still a scary problem of losing memories of the acceleration after we remove the portable device.”
“...It's basically a dream that surpasses fantasy. Overclocking the brain without using external memory... I would want to make that happen if I'm a test subject too.”
Rinko shook her head about as she muttered, and redirected her thoughts that were off tangent back on topic,
“Anyway, about that, there currently is no method to avoid the issue of capacity oppression... in that case... wa, wait a moment. Kikuoka-kun, didn't you just say that the technicians stayed inside the STL for 18 years to raise the Spiritual Prototypes? What happened to their Fluctlights? Has their intellectual ability been retarded by 18 years?”
“No, no, it's not like that... probably.”
Probably? Rinko stared at Kikuoka, but he nonchalantly ignored her stare as he continued to explain,
“As for the overall capacity of the Fluctlights, if we estimate at the pace at which it runs out, our «Soul's Life» is about 150 years long. In other words, if we can remain completely healthy, and with luck our brain avoid all sorts of diseases, it could be said that our intellect can be maintained for a maximum of approximately 150 years. Of course, it's impossible as it's improbable for us to live that long. If we take ample safety precautions, we can assume that it's fine for us to spend 30 years inside the STL.”
“And in a century from now, there won't be a groundbreaking technology developed that can extend our lifespans...”
Rinko interjected with sarcasm, but Kikuoka did not mind as he answered,
“Even if we develop such a technology, I suspect that we won't gain favors that's any different from other civilians. Well, we've confirmed the lifespan of the souls, so we can now continue our topic. Thanks to the volunteer work the 4 technicians offered, the pride we have in creating the 16 young people who grew quickly... for simplicity sake, we'll call them «Artificial Fluctlights», should be somewhat satisfactory. They all obtained the ability of language —of course, we're talking about Japanese here —and basic calculation ability to maintain their other thought processes, and were living a rather exciting life in the virtual world we created. They were definitely good kids... very obedient to their parents, woke up early in the morning to get water, chopped wood, farmed... some of them were honest, some of them liked to show off their personalities, and were basically kind and friendly.”
Kikuoka, who smiled as he said that, showed a somewhat troubled expression on his lips, or perhaps that was just her imagination?
“They grew up... both families had four boys and four girls, brothers and sisters to each other, and they all fell in love. Thus, once we determined that they were old enough to raise their own children, the first phase of the experiment ended, and the 16 young people became eight couples as they had their own families and went off living independently. The four technicians who were their parents all 'died' of an epidemic one after another and were released from the STL. The 18 years of memories they had were completely blocked, and their memories reverted to those they had a week ago just before they entered the STL. They started crying when they saw their children crying at their funerals from the external monitor.”
“That was really a great scene...”
Kikuoka and Higa nodded at each other calmly, and Rinko pretended to cough lightly to prompt them to continue,
“...And then, after the human technicians logged out, there was no need to worry about the FLA rate, so we increased the time inside to 5,000 times the rate of current reality. The eight couples all had ten children each, Spiritual Prototypes, and they were all raised. These children then quickly grew into adults and formed into families, and soon gradually replacing the NPCs that acted as villagers, finally forming villages with only Artificial Fluctlights. As the era changed, their descendants continued to multiply... in the three weeks of reality, the inside world has spent 300 years of simulation, and we finally formed a large society of 80,000 people.”
“80,000...!?”
Rinko could not help but utter aloud. After moving her lips for who knew how many times, she finally managed to project suitable words from between her lips.
“...Then... that's already more of a simulation of a civilization than an Artificial Intelligence inception.”
“Yes, but in a certain sense, it's to be expected why such a thing happened. Humans are creatures who conform to society... and they can only grow by building relationships with others. During the 300 years, the Artificial Fluctlights expanded out from a small village and occupied the vast range we had set completely. They managed to build up an outstanding central government structure without a single bloody war, and there is even religion... I suppose that's the reasoning they used to explain all aspects of the system to the children, they did not use science, but god. Higa-kun, show the full map on the monitor.”
Higa nodded in agreement, and immediately worked on the console. The large monitor that had shown the disgusting experiment before now showed a detailed map of an aerial photograph.
Of course, Japan and the rest of the world are different from that country.
The ocean did not exist at all, and the round shaped flatlands were all surrounded by a tall mountain range. There were many stretches of forests and grasslands, as well as many rivers and lakes. It looked like a very fertile land. Looking at the scale of the map below, the flatlands that were surrounded by the mountains seemed to be around 1,500km in diameter, and the size was about 8 times that of Honshu, Japan.
“Just 80,000 people in such a large space? That is quite the sparse population.”
“Or rather, Japan itself is abnormal.”
Higa chuckled at Rinko and stretched his hand out for the mouse, pointing it at the middle of the map and circling around it.
“The area around here is the capital, 20,000 in population. Perhaps we might not feel that it's anything much, but it's an outstanding city. The government institute which the Artificial Fluctlights call the «Axiom Church» exists here, and is ruled by the «Priests». Their influence is rather impressive, and there have been no wars happening— at this point, we felt that the experiment itself has been basically a success. In this virtual world, the Artificial Fluctlights are growing with the same level of intellect as humans. We were happy enough to enter the next phase that could meet our aim, the growth of the «Highly Adaptive Artificial Intelligence», but...”
“We finally found a serious problem.”
Kikuoka stared at the monitor, and then said,
“...There weren't any problems in what you have heard up till now, correct?”
“I suppose you can say... that something wrong happened in the place where nothing went wrong. This world is way too peaceful. Perhaps it's because it's too orderly and is working perfectly. We should have realized that it's strange based on how the sixteen children were all so obedient to their parents... it's not strange for humans to fight each other, or rather, it's part of nature. However, there have been no wars here, not even once, let alone killings. The rate of growth for the population is too fast, let's put it that way. The chance of diseases and natural disasters happening will basically be nonexistent, and humans won't die other than of old age...”
“It's like an ideal society.”
Higa coldly snorted at Rinko's words and said,
“Is it really true that the «Mythical Utopia» was actually a Utopia?”
“...Well, if it wasn't, it can't be considered a legend... Did you not also see something spectacular in this virtual society?”
“Of course we didn't look, we just tried looking at our own reality.”
The sound of the clogs landing on the floor echoed, and Kikuoka, who leapt off the console, turned to the large monitor and started explaining again,
“The Artificial Fluctlights should have the same desires as us, yet why won't wars happen... we investigated thoroughly into their lifestyles. We then found that in this world, they have a strict set of rules. It is the «Taboo Index» that the priests put all their efforts into building. In there, there is a clause forbidding killing. The same laws do exist in our world too, of course, but whether we abide by them or not can be seen through the daily news. The Fluctlights themselves actually obey it though... in an overly obedient manner. In other words... they can't break laws or rules. That is their innate nature.”
“...Isn't that a good thing?”
Rinko gave a puzzled look as she saw the side of Kikuoka's grim face.
“Listening to this point, wouldn't they be more exceptional than us?”
“Well... you can put it that way. Higa-kun, can you bring the image back to «Centoria»?”
“Okay.”
Higa tapped at the console keyboard, and the large monitor again displayed the image of the otherworldly city that was shown when Rinko's group entered. The white stone buildings were surrounded by large trees, and the people wearing simple and clean clothes were casually walking by in this other world.


“Ah... then, this is?”
Rinko was engrossed as she saw this, and could not help but ask. Higa nodded away in a slightly satisfied manner.
“Yes, this is the capital of the world the Artifical Fluctlights live in, «Centoria». Actually, it's exactly like what we're seeing. They're using the polygon visuals of the lower server, and the digital clarity is very low. The display speed is only at one-thousandth of their rate.”
“Centoria...it even has a proper name. About the world they're born in, does it not have a name?”
“It does... I suppose. It isn't named by the Artificial Fluctlights though, but by the codename we used in the beginning stages of our planning that we left in there. The name of this world is called «Underworld».”
“Under...world.”
It seemed to be a name taken from «Alice in Wonderland». Rinko herself had heard about it from Asuna, but she did not expect them to use the name for the internal world. It was likely that Higa and the rest did not name it using the original's «Underground World», but named it with the meaning of «The World of Reality at the Bottom». The beauty of the fantasy-like city shown on the monitor may be a form of paradise.
Kikuoka seemed to read Rinko's thoughts as he said,
“It's true that this city is nice. There was actually quite an evolution in technology since we started giving them simple wooden houses as farming houses. However... if I have to say it, this street here is too beautiful, too tidy. There's not a speck of litter, not even a robber, and of course, no cases of murder. These are all part of the strict rules of the «Integrity Church» that can be seen from afar, the reason why no one will ever break it.”
“Then, what's wrong about that?”
She frowned as she wanted to ask again, but Kikuoka shut up for some reason, seemingly looking for a way to answer. Higa glanced aside unnaturally and did not seem to have any intention of talking.
What broke the silence in the large primary control room was Asuna who had been remaining silent. The high-school student who was the youngest here lowered her voice as she said calmly, restraining herself,
“In that case, Kikuoka-san and the rest will be troubled, Professor Rinko. That's because the final aim of this large plan isn't just to create a bottom-up Highly Adaptive Artificial Intelligence... but to create AIs that can kill enemy soldiers in war.”
“What...”
The trio gave flabbergasted expressions, Asuna glanced past Rinko, Kikuoka and Higa wordlessly, and continued,
“As for me, before I arrived, I had wondered why Kikuoka-san... of the Self-Defense Force wanted to create an Artificial Intelligence of such a high level. A long time before, Kirito-kun and I deduced that Kikuoka-san was interested in VRMMO because he wanted to use that technology for the police's or Self-Defense Forces' training. That's why, as the creation of the Artificial Intelligence was part of it as well, we first assumed that it would be used for training against enemy forces. However... if we thought about it, training inside the VR world would have none of the dangers in reality, and they could just split the soldiers into groups for training. That is because we often went through such simulations as well.”
She paused for a moment and looked around at the surrounding machines and the monitor in front of her.
“—And, the plan itself is too large for it to be merely for developing a program for training. Kikuoka-san, I have no idea when you thought of 'the next step', raising the AIs in the virtual world and using it for real wars.”
After a moment of surprise, the face that was staring at the girl's clear eyes changed to an incomprehensible emotionless expression, as he smiled calmly,
“Since the beginning.”
There was an incomprehensible iron-like toughness in the gentle voice,
“The research for integrating VR technology into military training was already prevalent before the Full-Dive technology was around, during the time of head mounted displays and motion sensors. The antiques the American army developed are still in the research headquarters in Ichigaya. Five years ago, during the time the Nerve Gear was developed, the Self-Defense Forces and the American army both used it to develop training programs, but after trying the SAO closed beta that happened afterwards, I changed my mind. This world, the technology had a much bigger possibility. The concept of war had already changed right from the beginning...and then, at the end of that year, when the SAO incident happened, I voluntarily transferred over to the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to became part of the task force. I had been keeping myself concerned with the developments in this incident all for the sake of this plan. After spending 5 years, I've finally made it here.”
“...”
The conversation had developed in a direction that no one had imagined, as Rinko could not say anything for the time being. She barely managed to clear up her confused thoughts and squeezed out words from her dry throat.
“...I was a primary school student during the Iraq war, and I still remember things clearly. There were mass reports of how the American army's unmanned jet fighters and mini-tank drones attacked the enemy. I suppose that's what you mean? It meant these weapons that had AIs in them were attacking on their own. You were thinking about that...”
“It's not just me. Every country had been researching this technology, especially America who have been pursuing this for many years. Although this might bring painful memories to you, Asuna-kun...”
Kikouka paused slightly, stared at Asuna, checking that she was still calm, and continued,
“...Sugou Noboyuki, who imprisoned you in the virtual world and used many SAO players as part of an experiment, wanted to sell the results of his research to American companies, do you remember? Grojean Micro Electronics that he made contact with was a leading enterprise in the VR realm, but was famous for doing illegal deals for the sake of using the VR technology for military purposes. The American army munitions industry has paid the most attention to developing the unmanned drones Professor Koujiro just mentioned. One of the notable ones is the flying aircraft —Unmanned Aerial Vehicle, or «UAV» for short.”
Perhaps Higa was being too prepared as he wordlessly moved the mouse to switch the image on the monitor screen, and what was shown were small unmanned fighters with long, slender fuselages and several wings attached. The mechanical wings had guided missiles loaded underneath, and there was not a single window on the plane.
“These are the unmanned recon and assault fighter jets in the American army. It's small since there's no need for a cockpit, and allows it to be in a shape for stealth flight so that it can't be detected on the radar. The machines from the previous generations were all remote controlled from long distance with an operator manipulating foot pedals and joysticks as the plane flies, but this is different.”
The moment he said this, he switched the image on the monitor, and this time, the image was of a soldier being the operator. The soldier was leaning back on a reclining seat and had his hands on the arm rests. Then, Rinko noticed a familiar cabled helmet on the head —the Nerve Gear was covering it. Looking closely, the paint job on the outside shell and some minor parts were different, but they were obviously of the same model.
Rinko glanced aside to see Asuna's frozen expression with her eyes wide open. She then turned around, and Kikuoka continued his explanation,
“Here, the operator is in a virtual cockpit. It's like he's really operating a machine by being immersed like this, and he can scout out the enemy forces and fire guided missiles at them. However, the problem is that we use electromagnetic waves to control them, and they are still relatively weak against the ECM... the Electronic Counter Measures. 10 years ago, the recon UAVs the American Army used to infiltrate a country in the Middle East were hit with interference, were forced to land, and were captured thereby causing what was a very tense situation that nearly started a war.”
“Then, Artificial Intelligence...right? In order to let aircrafts fly on their own...”
Kikuoka turned his eyes away from the monitor, looked over at Rinko's group, and lightly nodded in agreement.
“The ultimate goal is to shoot down all human-piloted fighter jets in aerial dogfights. I suppose that there is a large possibility for the current Artificial Fluctlights to grow once we give them suitable programs to grow within. However, there is a large issue, and that is, how are they, who are soldiers without flesh, able to understand the concept of «war»... killing itself is evil, but it's a requirement to kill enemy soldiers in war; currently, the Artificial Fluctlights are unable to accept such a paradoxical thinking as there's not even a single example in their law.”
The Self-Defense Officer pushed his glasses up, and frowned hard,
“—We set up an «Overload Experiment» in order to test out how obedient the residents of Underworld would be. To put it in details, we chose an isolated village, caused the crops and livestocks in the farms to die off to such an extent that the villagers would definitely be unable to last through the winter, creating a situation such that if the village was to survive, they would have to abandon a group of their villagers and ration food out to another group, thereby forcing people to disobey the Taboo Index rule of killing someone. However, what happened was... they chose to distribute their meager harvest to everyone in the villager, from the old to the young, and as a result everyone died of starvation when spring came. They were existences unable to break the laws and regulations for some reason, and the outcome was really tragic. In other words... if they are to be pilots carrying weapons, they have to know the first premise, 'killing is okay'. But what circumstances will allow them to develop this, even we can't imagine...”
The Self-Defense Officer folded his sturdy arms that were poking out from the sleeves of his yukata, and shook his head weakly.
Rinko could not imagine a scene where, in contrast to existing aircraft, groups of unmanned fighter jets in all sorts of strange shapes used missiles and machine guns to kill indiscriminately, whether they were soldiers or civilians. Her arms shuddered slightly as her hands continued to rub against each other.
“...You're not joking about that, right? Exactly why must you have AIs in such incredibly dangerous weapons? Although somewhat limited, can't you just do remote control from afar? Uun, speaking of which... I don't want to accept the existence of unmanned weapons themselves.”
“Well, it's not like I don't understand that feeling. When I saw the American large caliber rifles on unmanned vehicles, I gave extreme thanks that I was not one of those who lived there. However... unmanned weapons are already a part of necessity in this age, and the advanced countries are unable to resist the demands of the times”
Kikuoka lifted his finger like a history teacher and continued,
“Then, let's use the largest military in the world, America for example. The actual death toll of soldiers during the Second World War for them was actually 400,000. Even though so many people died, President Roosevelt at that time was passionately supported by the people in the country, and spent 13 years, 4 terms in office at the highest authority until he died of a stroke. Though I don't like the attitude during those times where 80 years ago, using the number of soldier deaths to determine the victory of an army was part of the spirit.”
The second finger flicked up silently, maybe because of the strong fist.
“Then, during the Vietnam War, there was an anti-war movement started by the students, and President Johnson was prevented from running a second term. At that time, 60,000 people died in battle. As the flag of Anti-Communism was raised, soldiers were sent to the battlefield one after another and died —however, in the temporary peace that is now called the Cold War, the feelings of the people changed slightly... and then, this era ended with the collapse of the Soviet Union. America, having lost the enemy called Communism, strode onto the stage called the war against terrorism in order to maintain the army munitions industry that was deeply ingrained into the country.
Kikuoka raised the third finger and continued on fluently,
“—But in that battlefield, there were no signs of the citizens accepting soldiers' deaths. During the Iraq War at the beginning of the century, American soldiers were sent over with around 4,000 of them dying and that number alone shook the support for the Bush Administration. Of course, not only due to this but also other factors, his presidential popularity declined. It could be said that it was to be expected when he supported the Republican candidate McCain lost to the Democrat Obama who promised to completely withdraw from Iraq —in other words...”
He put his hands down, took a short breath, and paused his long conclusion.
“Within that country it's no longer considered the era for humans to fight in wars, However, they have been unable to stop the allocation of money into this ample morsel called the defense budget. The future of war has thus been transformed into unmanned weapons vs people or unmanned weapons against unmanned weapons.”
“...I can understand the American situation, but it's another thing whether we can accept this.”
Rinko nodded slightly as she felt irritated by the sudden extraordinary thought of using unmanned weapons to carry out a war without injuries. She again stared at Kikuoka and questioned,
“But why do you as a Self-Defense Officer, follow behind this stupid arms race? Or is this «Rath» research started by the military?"
“HOW CAN THAT BE!?”
Kikuoka denied it with a rare loud voice, but immediately reverted back to his usual smile and opened his arms wide in an exaggerated manner.
“Or rather, it's more accurate to say that we're floating in the middle of the ocean to hide from the American Army. Any base on the mainland's in plain view of them, after all. —As for why I'm developing unmanned weapons at such a crazy rate... it's not exactly easy to explain the reason. It's like asking Kayaba-sensei about why he created SAO; though I suppose you wouldn't be satisfied with that, huh.”
“Of course you can.”
Rinko answered with a deadpan expression, and Kikuoka showed a large forced smile as he shrugged his shoulders,
“Pardon my rudeness for saying something I shouldn't have said. Yes... the biggest reason is that, currently in Japan, to put it simply, our defense technology is too weak”
“Defense...technology?”
“I suppose you can put it this way; the weapons are developed and produced from zero, but that is to be expected as no country exports weapons to Japan. It's the same for the manufacturers as well, since using the spending budget of the Self-Defense Forces to carry out deals would be completely meaningless. In the end, we had to buy the latest equipment from America and finally managed to carry out development together. But, to put it simply...the together here is just in name only, a one-sided thing.”
The Self-Defense Officer adjusted the collar of his yukata, folded his arms, and continued explaining in a rather bitter tone,
“For example, the support fighter jets that we're currently equipped with now are developed together with America, but in fact, they have hidden their latest technology and obtained the advanced technology which Japan created. As for the weapons we bought, what kind of capabilities will they have? Our main latest fighter jets that we bought looked as if the software -the brains, had been removed. So the American army has given us outdated technology and kept the good stuff... hm, I feel like an idiot saying these things.”
Kikuoka grimaced again as he folded his legs on the console desk, shaking the clogs on his toes.
“In regards to this situation, a group of our Self-Defense Officers and a group of young technicians from small and medium sized defense-related manufacturers have already felt a strong sense of danger. Can we keep relying on America for the core of our defense technology? That sense of danger was the driving force behind Rath's creation, where we want to create Japan's own technology. That's all we hoped.”
Even though Kikuoka's words sounds rather admirable, to what extent should they be accepted? Rinko thought as she stared deep into the dark eyes deep within the black-framed glasses. However, the Self-Defense Officer's eyes did not show anything at all, as if they were the black-framed glasses themselves.
Rinko looked away and stared at Higa Takeru who was sitting beside Kikuoka.
“...Is your motive in taking part in this plan the same as well, Higa-kun? I didn't know that you had such awareness about the National Defense.”
“No.”
Higa Takeru scratched his head shyly in response to Rinko's words,
“As for my motive - well, it's personal. I had a friend when I was a student in a Korean University, and he was deployed to Iraq for military service, only to be killed in a suicide bombing. Well... even if this world will have wars, I hope that humans won't die for such foolish reasons, I suppose.”
“...But that Self-Defense Officer wanted to let unmanned weaponry become a technology only the Self-Defense Forces own, didn't he?”
“Ya, Kiku-san did say this before, that although having sole ownership of this technology for a long time is impossible, he understands it will not be exclusively for this purpose so we can think of how to take the lead... and that's how it is.”
The Self-Defense Officer grimaced in regards to Higa's straightforward words. At this moment, Asuna, who had been listening to the trio silently, said with a beautiful yet cold and clear voice,
“You never told the nice ideals of yours to Kirito-kun, did you?”
“...Why would you think so?”
Kikuoka tilted his head, and Asuna stared straight at him with an unwavering look.
“If you said it to Kirito-kun, he would definitely not assist you. There is an important flaw in your words.”
“...And that is?”
“The rights of Artificial Intelligence.”
On hearing those words, Kikuoka twitched his eyebrows and frowned.
“...No, it's true that we never said what we said here to Kirito-kun, but it's simply because we never had such a chance. He is a staunch realist too, right? If not, it would have been impossible for him to clear SAO.”
“You still don't understand. If it's Kirito-kun, once he realizes the true situation of Underworld, he will definitely be furious at the operator. To him, wherever the place is, it's reality for him. He would not think it a virtual world with virtual life... that's why he cleared SAO.”
“I don't understand. Artificial Fluctlights don't have bodies of flesh. Why do you say those aren't false lives?”
Asuna's eyes were sorrowful... no, a tiny glint showed that she felt the adults in front of her were really pitiful as she slowly continued,
“...Even if I say so, you'll likely be unable to understand... in a town on the 56th level of Aincrad, I said the exact same thing you said to him. There was a boss monster we had to beat no matter what, and in order to defeat it, we planned to use the NPCs... the villagers controlled by the AI to fight. But Kirito-kun declared that it should absolutely not be done, that NPCs were alive and there should be other means. The people in my guild laughed... but in the end, he was right. Even if they're Artificial Fluctlights, copies of media that were mass produced, Kirito-kun will never help if they're to be used as tools of wars and have to kill each other, definitely.”
“—It's not like I don't understand what you're trying to say. It's true that Artificial Fluctlights have the same level of thinking ability as us humans. In that aspect, it's true that they're alive. However, this is a question of priority. To me, the lives of hundreds of thousands of Artificial Fluctlights versus the life of one Self-Defense Officer is less.”
This is a debate that would never have an answer. Rinko thought. As for whether the Artificial Intelligence themselves have human rights —it would be a question that would never be concluded simply, even if a real bottom-up AI were released and the years of debate ended.
As for what she herself was thinking, Rinko herself was unclear. As a scientist, the realism within me states that cloned souls were not lives. But at the same time, what will that person think? What if it was that person who hoped for «a certain place that wasn't here», created it and never came back—?
Rinko broke the silence in this situation in order to drag her trail of thoughts back.
“Speaking of which, why is Kirigaya-kun a must in this? There's a risk of leaking your most classified information, so why him...?”
“—I see, we're having this conversation for explanatory purpose. I went off-topic and nearly forgot about what we were supposed to talk about.”
Kikuoka looked like he was trying to escape from Asuna's extremely magnetic stare as he smiled, coughed, and continued,
“Why is it that the residents of the Underworld can't disobey the Taboo Index... is it an issue with the construct of the Light Cube that contains the Fluctlights, or is there some reason in the nurturing? Let's repeat our discussion. If it were the former, there's a need to discuss redesigning the medium, and if it were the latter, we might be able to correct it. Thus, we tried an experiment. One of the technicians, a real human, had his memories fully blocked and became a young child again. We let him grow in the Underworld to see whether his actions would be similar to the Artificial Fluctlights.”
“Do...doing such a thing, won't the brains of the test subjects be affected? If their lives are restarted... won't they be lacking in memories?”
“Not at all... the Fluctlights can endure memories of around 150 years, which I did say before, didn't I? As for why would such a large margin exists, we have no idea... according to the Bible, people during Noah's time could live for hundreds of years, so I suppose we know what they were talking about. First, even though we talk about growing up, we're just letting him grow up to around ten years old, which will be enough for us to know if we can break through that Taboo Index. Of course, the memories generated from there will also be blocked, so when he returns back to reality, he'll be in the same state as before entering the STL.”
“...Then, the results...?”
“We recruited eight staff members to be test subjects, let them dive into Underworld and let them grow up in all sorts of environments. In the end... the shocking thing was that not a single one broke the Taboo Index before they were ten. Rather, it was the opposite of what we thought... they were less lively than Artificial Fluctlights and did not like to go out. They did not show an interest in getting to know their surroundings. We deduced that that's because of a sense of discomfort.”
“Sense of discomfort?”
“Even if we block all the memories from birth, it doesn't mean that we erased them completely. If that happens, they might never be able to return back to reality. Anyway, it's not about the «knowledge», but the «instinct» that represents how the body acts, preventing the researchers from getting used to Underworld. No matter how real it is, it is no different from virtual worlds created by The Seed. Once they entered, they could understand that it was slightly different from moving in reality. It was the same kind of discomfort as mine when I first used the Nerve Gear to test the closed beta of SAO.”
“It's because of the sense of gravity.”
Asuna simply said,
“Gravity...?”
“Unlike sight or hearing, part of the research on gravity and balance was a little late. That's because most of the signals rely on gravity to adjust our brains, so those who aren't used to it can't move as they please.”
“Yes, that's what we are accustomed to.”
Pa-tch, Kikuoka flicked his finger and agreed,
“If we want to repeat all sorts of experiments, the need to get used to moving inside the virtual world would be a must, and we finally realized that. It's not just an experiment of days or months, but years. I suppose you understand now. I needed the person who's most used to the virtual world to help for this reason.”
“—Hold on a moment.”
Asuna again interrupted Kikuoka with a firm voice.
“Are you referring to the «Continuous three days of diving» Kirito-kun talked about? ...But Kirito-kun said to us before that the maximum FLA function rate is 3 times, so he spent 10 days inside. Did you lie to him? Was it really 10 years...?”
Kikuoka and Higa were hit with electrifying stares as they lowered their heads with alarmed expressions.
“Sorry, about that, it was an error on the Roppongi branch's side. That's because I gave instructions to hide information of the acceleration rate completely...”
“There's something worse than that! 10 years of Kirito-kun's soul lifespan was used for that. If his treatment fails because of this, I will definitely not forgive you.”
“It's not really a reason, but Higa-kun and I had contributed to the experiment for more than 20 years —however, the 10 years Kirito-kun spent there was far less than the amount of Fluctlights the staff members all contributed.”
“In other words, he did something that was against the Taboo Index when growing up in the Underworld?”
Rinko could not help but interject, and Kikuoka smiled as he shook his head hard,
“Strictly put, it's not like that, however, I can say that the results were more than I expected. From a young age, Kirito-kun displayed an unseen exuberance of curiosity and activity, that had many times verged on the edge of breaking the Taboo Index many times —of course, if his Fluctlight actually ended up breaking the Taboo Index, it indicates that the Artificial Fluctlights are structurally flawed, which I wouldn't be happy about. However, we continued to observe his actions and after he had spent around seven years or so inside... this Higa-kun here noticed a fact that's very interesting.”
Higa interrupted Kikuoka's words and continued,
“Yes, I was originally against Kirigaya-kun taking part in the experiment, both morally and out of security, and once I realized that fact, I had to say that I was impressed by Kiku-san's wise insight. We digitalized the importance of several clauses in the Taboo Index and checked on every resident's chances of breaking the Taboo Index. The Artificial Fluctlights of the boy and girl who had been interacting with Kirigaya-kun... -or Kirito-kun, inside there had been increasing their Taboo Breaking Index.”
“Eh...? That means...”
“In other words, Kirito-kun with his memories and personality in the real world sealed, was able to affect the actions of the Artificial Fluctlights around him. To put it in easier terms, his exuberance spread to others, or something like that.”
Rinko detected that Asuna's lips was showing a slight smile on her lips after hearing Higa's description. Perhaps those words were easy for Asuna to understand.
“...Right now, as for why the Artificial Fluctlights won't disobey the rules, we can't completely discern the reason. It's likely due to the elements used to build the Light Cube, but we already felt that there's no need to take the job of analyzing it thoroughly as a priority. To us, we don't want to solve the problem completely, we just want one exception, a real highly adaptive Artificial Intelligence that has a concept of «Prioritizing Rules», and once we clone it, we should be able to get some reasons.”
“I don't really like such thinking... but in the past, breakthroughs have been made through that method, I suppose?”
Exhaling slightly, Rinko asked Higa,
“Then, have you obtained that exception?”
“There is one that landed in our hands. That girl who was the closest existence to Kirito-kun finally disobeyed the Taboo Index before the experiment ended, and it was a very severe crime of «Intruding the Forbidden Zone». After inspecting the records, we found that there was another Artificial Fluctlight that died in the forbidden zone the girl saw. Most likely, she wanted to save him, and if I say so, that girl values other people's lives more than the Taboo Index. That's the adaptability we have been searching for. Well, it was completely different from actualizing a weapon; «breaking the ethics and killing someone» is really an ironic thing.”
“...You said it once before, didn't you?”
“Ah —yes. Unfortunately... we could not hold tight onto the jewel that landed in our hands...”
Higa lowered his shoulders and continued to shake his head left and right,
“...As I just said, the time inside Underworld is passing at a shocking speed of 1,000 times the real world. It's not possible to monitor it from the outside in realtime, so we sliced what we recorded into many segments and slowly replayed them using many of our staff to watch them. During that though, there would definitely be a large lag as compared to the time inside. We stopped the server once we found out that the girl broke the Taboo Index and wanted to physically eject the Light Cube to preserve her Fluctlight... at that time, around two days had passed inside. Then, what was shocking was that the Integrity Church had brought the girl to Central within 2 days and applied some form of correction to the Fluctlight.”
“Co...correction? You gave that much authority to the ones you're observing?”
“That shouldn't be the case... or probably not. The residents of the Underworld have some form of authority to maintain law and order, and those who are able to carry out the system limit that the high class residents called «Sacred Arts» are those priests of the Integrity Church, the ones with the highest authority. Maybe it's not just lifespan they can manipulate, but they found a backdoor to the system without us knowing...well, I'll read the data for further details later; «Alice»'s past and present Taboo Breaking Index.”
“Alice...?”
Asuna suddenly lifted her head and muttered. Rinko started to understand the meaning of this term as well. It should be the one name worth mentioning from the acronyms of the «Highly Adaptive Artificial Intelligence» Kikuoka and Higa were pursuing.
Kikuoka seemed to detect their doubts as he nodded in agreement and said,
“That's right. That's the name of the girl in question who had been with Kirito-kun and the other boy. The names of all the residents of Underworld were all randomized pronunciation, so we were really shocked by this amazing coincidence when we knew that the girl's name was Alice. That's because that's the name of the concept in the entire plan this organization Rath has.”
“Concept?”
“the Highly Adaptive Artificial Intelligence Self-Existence, Artificial Labile Intelligence Cybernated Existence. If we take the first letter from each word «A, L, I, C, E»... the aim of our research is to let the photon clouds sealed within the LightCube become «Alice». The staff called it «Alice-ing».”
The Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka Seijirou still showed a smile that was hard to comprehend even as these secrets were known, and said,
“Welcome, to our «Project Alicization».”
1. Jump up↑ He is referring to a famous movie called "The Truman Show" en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Truman_Show
Part 3[edit]
—You created so many unreasonable things.
Even though it was a machine made from the data she provided, Koujiro Rinko could only be as amazed as ever.
The neighboring room that was isolated by the thick glass wall had two giant rectangular objects that were nearly reaching the ceiling at the top. The outside was aluminum that was not dyed, and the dark grey silver glow gave it a much more mechanical feel. It was several times larger than the high-tech machine Medi-Cuboid that was used for medical treatment, let alone the Nerve Gear.
Of course, the logo of the manufacturer was there, just the simple English words «Soul Translator» on the side and the large number on the top. The machine on the left side had the number 4, while the right one had 5. I finally get to see the real «Soul Translator» Rinko stared at it for more than 10 seconds, frowned and muttered,
“4...this is the 4th machine...right, then the 5th machine there...?”
The numbers could only be explained in such a way, but the clean room on the other side of the glass wall had no such machines here. She tilted her head slightly and heard the soft explanation from the right side.
“Experimental model 1 is in the main office in Roppongi and is connected to the satellite. Models 2 and 3 are in the Ocean Turtle, but as you can see with the machines here, they're placed in the lower shafts. To put it...these latest models 4 and 5 could not be kept there due to a lack of space and were sent out of the upper shafts, I should say.”
The one who spoke was the one who brought Rinko and Asuna over. It was not Kikuoka, Higa nor First Lieutenant Nakanishi, nor was it a man this time. The pure white uniform covered the long and slender body, her footwear was low-heeled slippers, and her head had a nurse's cap—a female guardian.
For some inexplicable reasons, she wondered why there would be a guardian here in such a place, but after considering that this place was such a large ship, there would be a medical crew, and there would be such staff here.
The nurse had hair that was tied in three layers of braids and was wearing rimless glasses. The tablet terminal in her hand was quickly tapped and showed to Rinko. What was shown should be the layout map of the Ocean Turtle. She used her fingertip that had nice trimmed fingernails to draw on the large ship.
“The central area of the pyramid has a stabilizing pipe that's 20m in diameter and 100m tall called the «Main Shaft». This is the pillar that supports every floor in this ship and also the layer that protects important facilities. The insides are all the Control Systems of the ship itself, the backbone of the Alicization plan...the place where the 4 STLs and the main frame «Light Cube Cluster» is.”
“Fuun...that's for the upper area, right? Then what about the lower areas?”
“It's a construct that's divided into top and bottom at the central area. The middle is a wall-like titanium compartment. What's above it is the upper shaft, while the bottom is the lower shaft. Right now, we're at the «Second Control Room» in the upper shaft. The staff calls it the «Sub-Con».”
“I see. So the first place we were brought to, the First Control room in the lower shaft is the «Main-Con», right?”
“That's an outstanding answer, Professor Koujiro.”
Rinko gave a wry smile to the nurse who smiled as she said that, and turned to the left.
The girl who was standing there silently—Yuuki Asuna had her hands leaning on the glass wall, watching the 4th machine on the other side intently. To be precise, it was a certain boy who was lying on a bed and attached to that 4th machine.
There were many monitor electrodes attached under the white patient gown, and there was a micro-injector attached to the left arm. The area above the shoulders were all covered by the STL and could not be seen, but Asuna realized that he was the Kirigaya Kazuto she had been looking for.


Asuna continued to stare at Kirito without noticing Rinko's stare, and her long eyebrows finally closed slightly as she whispered something silently. Tears welled up in her eyes, and swayed aside before it landed.
Rinko really wanted to comfort Asuna who was in such a state, and right before her—
“It's alright, Asuna-san. Kirigaya-kun will definitely come back.”
The nurse with glasses said that with a slightly surprised tone. She walked beside Asuna, taking over Rinko who took a step back, and reached her hand out to the girl's shoulders. However, Asuna turned her body suddenly as if to dodge them and used her fingertips to wipe away her tears, answering with a taunting tone for some reason,
“Of course. But...why are you here, Aki-san?”
“Eh...? Both of you know each other?”
Rinko asked in a very puzzled manner, and Asuna nodded slightly,
“Un. This Aki-san here is a nurse working at the Chiyoda Hospital. As for why this person is at the waters off Izu Islands, I don't know.”
“Of course, I'm here to take care of Kirigaya-kun.”
“Then, what's your occupation? Or is it like Kikuoka-san? Are you also disguised as a nurse?”
The nurse called Aki never showed any signs of fear as she took Asuna's intense stare, and showed slight smile as she gently put down her shoulders.
“How can that be? I'm not like that oji-sama, I'm a real nurse. I do have national qualifications too. However, the school I graduated from was the «Tokyo Self-Defense Senior Nurse Academy».”
“...I can believe it somewhat.”
Asuna nodded somewhat, and Rinko continued without any care.
“Well, I don't understand at all...who is this Aki-san in the end?”
“A real nurse, I suppose, but that's not all.”
Asuna turned to face Rinko again and said fluently,
“If she's a nurse who graduated from the Nursing Academy that's affiliated to the Self-Defense Forces, she technically should be working in the Self-Defense Forces' Hospital. However, Aki-san was a nurse at the Chiyoda Hospital during the SAO incident, which means that this was Kikuoka-san doing...am I right?”
“That's an outstanding answer, Asuna-san.”
Nurse Aki repeated what she said to Rinko as she smiled. Asuna continued to stare at the tall and skinny nurse before quipping,
“Also, there's also one more thing. I read through the data that those who enroll in Self-Defense Forces' Nursing Academy would be treated the same as recruits entering the army under the academy's promotion guidance. In that case, Aki-san is a nurse and also...”
Don't tell everyone. Nurse Aki said as she used her right hand to cover Asuna's mouth. She raised her hand to her head, bsh, got into a standard salute—
“PETTY OFFICER SECOND CLASS AKI NATSUMI! I SHALL PERSONALLY TAKE CARE OF KIRIGAYA-KUN'S LIFE!...there.”
The nurse and Self-Defense Officer gave a final decisive wink, and Asuna stared at her face in a half-doubtful manner before sighing and lowering her head slightly, saying,
“Please take care of me.”
She then again turned to look at the 4th STL machine that was separated from her by the glass wall, giving a strong yearning look at the boy that was lying on the gel bed that was 3m long,
“...You definitely must come back, Kirito-kun.”
She muttered as each tear dripped, and Nurse Aki nodded heavily, this time putting her left hand on Asuna's shoulders.
“Of course. Even if this is the case, Kirito-kun's Fluctlight is actively working in the treatment process. The neural network has successfully regrown, and he should soon wake up. Also...that boy is the «hero» who cleared SAO, right?”
These words left a sharp pain in Rinko's chest. She took a deep breath, swallowed it, stood beside Asuna and stared at the large machine through the glass.

8pm.
Rinko lifted her head from the watch in her left hand and raised her right hand in a determined manner as she pressed on the metallic button that had the 'call' word engraved on it. Several seconds later, the speaker installed beside the door gave a simple answer,
“...Yes.”
“It's me, Koujiro. Can I say some things to you for a moment?”
“Of course, I'm opening the door now.”
As the voice rang, the internal phone panel's indicator changed from red to green, and with the sound of a motor, the door slid open.
Rinko entered the room, and Asuna, who was standing beside the bed, nodded slightly as she controlled the master control remote in her right hand. The door behind her shut, and a small locking sound could be heard.
The cabin was of a completely identical design to Rinko's room that was opposite the passageway. The space that was of 6 tatamis was formed by off-white resin, and there were only a fixed bed, and table, a sofa and a small terminal that could access the ship's network. First Lieutenant Nakanishi, who led both of them here, said 'this is a first class cabin'. Rinko could not help but imagine the luxurious passenger cabin of those cruisers, but it seemed that a personal room equipped with a personal bathroom was already a first class room.
However, Asuna's room was different from Rinko's room as there was a long and narrow window on the other side of the bed. In other words, this would be the outermost area of the Ocean Turtle, the area that was linked to the generator panel level. She deliberately took the elevator up to enjoy the beautiful ocean sunset from the window, but right now, only a pitch black darkness spread around, and unfortunately, the cloudy sky meant that stars could not be seen at all.
“Please do as you please. I don't mind.”
Asuna said. Rinko placed the plastic-bottle of Oolong Tea she bought from the vending machine at the corner of the elevator onto the table before sitting down on the hard sofa. 'Hold on' she uttered accidentally before shutting up immediately. She herself was still young, but after seeing Asuna's glamorous beauty in a T-shirt and short pants, she finally realized that her voice was nearly 30 years old.
“Drink if you want to.”
Asuna took up a bottle as she smiled and lowered her head,
“Thank you very much. I was just feeling thirsty.”
“Have you tried the dispenser's water?”
Asuna gave a teasing smile as she heard that and rolled her eyes.
“The canal waters in Tokyo might taste better.”
“Well, it seems to be purified seawater. I suppose there won't be any trihalomethanes mixed in. Unexpectedly, it might be more nutritious than the desalinated water those companies sell.”
She took off the cap of the Oolong Tea and took a large gulp of the icy cold liquid. She really wanted to drink beer, but gave up as she would have to head to the cafeteria in the lower shaft to buy it.
Exhaling hard, Rinko stared at Asuna again.
“...It's a pity that you couldn't see Kirigaya-kun.”
“But I feel really motivated for some reason, so happy that I was dreaming.”
Asuna smiled, and one could see that the threads of anxiety that were clinging on her had snapped.
“Such a troublesome boyfriend; suddenly disappearing to the middle of a Southern sea like this. You better leash him up with a rope around his neck.”
Asuna kept her smile once she realized that it was seen, and lowered her head deeply.
“I really, really want to thank you, Koujiro-sensei, for accepting such an unreasonable request...I really don't know how to thank you.”
“No need for that. Just call me Rinko...also, this alone has not lightened my guilt to you and Kirigaya-kun at all.”
Rinko shook her head, made up her mind, and continued to stare at Asuna,
“...I have something I have to say to you. Un, it's not just to you...but also to all the players of the old SAO...”
“...”
Rinko tried her best to accept this as she continued to stare at Asuna's eyes. She took a large deep breath and exhaled it, removing two buttons on her cotton shirt. She opened her collar out wide, took out a thin silver necklace, showing a scar slightly to the left of her sternum.
“Do you know anything...regarding this scar...?”
Asuna continued to stare right above Rinko's heart, and finally nodded slightly in agreement.
“Yes. That is the place the long-distanced micro-bomb was buried into. So sensei...Rinko-san was threatened by the Guild Leader...Kayaba Akihiko for two years.”
“That's right...I was forced to take part in that terrifying plan and take care of that person's body as he dived in for a long time...—to the world, that would be the case. That was why I wasn't sued, my name was not disclosed, and I escaped to America on my own...”
Rinko put her shirt and her necklace back on and continued to try her best as she said,
“But that's not the truth. It's true that the bomb was taken out at the police hospital, and there was a chance of it being triggered, but I knew that it would definitely not explode—it was just a cover. Once the incident ended, I never pursued matters further as the fake weapon that person buried was the only gift he gave to me.”
Even after hearing that, Asuna's expression never showed any change. The pure, clear eyes that seemed as if they could see through her inner heart continued to stare at Rinko intently.
“—Kayaba-kun and I started dating during the year I entered university, and including the time we spent in our further studies, we were lovers for 6 years...but I was the only one who thought that way. I am definitely older than you, but I'm far more stupid than you since I could not see Kayaba-kun's heart at all. What he wanted was simply one thing, and I didn't detect it at all.”
As she looked out at the vast endless ocean in the night, Rinko started talking about the 4 years-worth of words she wanted to say little by little. She unexpectedly said the name which would normally cause a sharp pain in her head the moment she started thinking about it successfully.

During the time she enrolled in the famous Industrial University in Japan, Kayaba Akihiko was already the head of the 3rd developing branch in Argus Corporation. Kayaba signed a licensed agreement in high school as a game programmer, and Argus rose from a weak 3rd rate maker to a top game maker worldwide, so it was not inexplicable for him to be granted a management position after he entered university.
It was said that Kayaba had an annual salary of more than 100 million when he was 18, and after including the license fees, it would reach a shocking level. Naturally, numerous girls in the campus approached him in all sorts of ways, but there were many who backed away after receiving his colder-than-ice stares as he was completely uninterested.
Therefore, Rinko could not understand why Kayaba never rejected her, a year younger and not outstanding. Perhaps it was because she had never heard of him before that? Maybe it was because she had such a sharp brain that she was allowed to enter and exit the Shigemura lab? One thing that was certain was that he was not attracted by her looks.
The first impression Rinko had of Kayaba when she hugged him was that he was a malnourished beansprout. The usual pale face, the crumpled white clothes on him, the inspection device that was always on him like a necessity; she remembered the incidents clearly as if it was yesterday, about how he dragged her to Shounan on a rented light car.
“If you don't occasionally come out to sunbathe, the idea of coming out will not appear!”
Rinko told him off in a completely unexpected manner, and Kayaba, who was in the passenger seat, looked surprised as he stared back. Eventually after some time, you will not think of sensing the emulation of natural light on your skin. he finally said, causing Rinko to be thoroughly shocked.
A while later, she realized the other side to the fame that came to the young Kayaba; so one could say that there was no effective way to change him socially. He was always a malnourished beansprout, and whenever she went to his room, she would chide him and make him eat some of her native cuisines.
That person never rejected me. Maybe he was trying to ask me for help, but I didn't realize it, perhaps? Rinko asked herself that for god knows how many times, but she never got an answer. The man Kayaba Akihiko never relied on anyone other than himself until the end. He wanted only one thing, «a world that was not here», he wanted to head toward a door that was forbidden to humans who were not gods.
Many times, Kayaba had talked about the giant castle floating in mid-air that appeared in his dreams. That castle was made of multiple levels, and each level had streets, forests and grasslands reaching out throughout the place. One would have to use the long stairs at the side, and the sky had a dreamlike beautiful palace—
“Is there anyone there?”

The moment Rinko asked this, Kayaba smiled and answered, I don't know.
—When I was very young, I always dreamed of heading to that castle every night. Every night, I would climb up the steps one by one and head towards the sky. But one certain day, I couldn't reach that castle again in my dream. I almost forgot that useless dream.
However, the day after Rinko handed in her Bachelor's Thesis, he went on a trip to the castle in the sky and never came back. He merely used his hands to turn the floating castle into reality, took 10,000 players away, and left Rinko alone on the ground—

“I knew about the SAO incident through the news and saw Kayaba-kun's name and photo. I could not believe it, but once I took the car to his mansion, I realized that it was true when I saw many patrol cars parked there.”
Rinko felt the slight aching in her voice that hadn't happened for a long time, and continued on in an interrupted manner,
“That person never said a single word to me until the end. It was the same when he started his journey. He never sent a single mail to me. Un...I was really a big idiot. I helped in the basic design of the Nerve Gear as well, and I knew that he was making games in Argus. However, I never detected what he was thinking of at all...when Kayaba-kun disappeared without a trace, I ran around Japan looking for him. I managed to think of it successfully. It was something weird I thought about; in the past, there was a marker in the mountains of Nagano in his car navigation log. My instincts told me that it was there. If I had told the police about that place, the SAO incident might have headed down a different path...”
Perhaps if the police had entered that mountain villa, Kayaba might have killed all the players like he had declared. However, he himself said that he wouldn't allow it. Rinko thought.
“—I avoided police surveillance and went to Nagano alone. I spent 3 days searching for the mountain villa through my memories, and before I knew it, I was completely covered in mud...however, I worked so hard not to become his accomplice. I...wanted to kill Kayaba-kun.”
And just like the first time they met, Kayaba never showed a single doubt on his face when he welcomed Rinko. She could not forget the heavy and icy feeling of the knife she held behind her.
“But...I'm sorry, Asuna-san. I couldn't kill him.”
She could not restrain her voice from trembling, however, as she merely tried to hold back her tears.
“I definitely couldn't not lie about that incident again. Kayaba-kun knew that I had a knife and merely said 'such a troublesome person' like usual , put on the Nerve Gear again and returned to Aincrad. During that long dive, he never cared about the long beard that grew on him, and there were many bits of stuff on his arms. I...I just...”
Rinko could not say anything again as she continued to adjust her breathing.
Finally, she calmed down. Asuna said,
“Kirito-kun and I never blamed you, Rinko-san.”
The girl who was 10 years younger suddenly lifted her head, showing a vague smile as she stared at Rinko.
“...About that...I might not be the same as Kirito-kun, but I do hate the guild leader...Kayaba Akihiko a lot, and I haven't settled things with him.”
Rinko remembered that Asuna belonged to the guild Kayaba created in that world.
“It's true that the incident caused the death of 4,000 people. If I imagined...how much despair and fear they had when they died, I definitely can't forgive the guild leader's crime. However...it's a selfish way of putting it, but it's likely that during the short time I lived in that world with Kirito-kun, that might be the best memory in my life at this point.”
Asuna moved her left hand and made a move, looking like she was about to hold onto something near her waist.
“And just as the guild leader is guilty, I am guilty, Kirito-kun is guilty, and you are guilty too, Rinko-san... However, I feel that nobody can compensate for it with their punishment. Most likely, we might never see that day of redemption, but even so, we have to continue to face our guilt.”

That night, Rinko dreamt of a long-forgotten time—her time as a student, when she did not know anything.
The light sleeper Kayaba would always wake up earlier than Rinko, drinking coffee and reading the newspapers. Rinko would always wake up when the sun rose completely, and he would smile wryly like he was treating a sleepy child, and would say, good morning.

“Really, you're such a troublesome person, coming to a place like this.”

The heavy voice caused Rinko to widen her eyes slightly. She realised that there was a long and tall figure in the midst of the darkness.
“It's still night...”
Rinko again closed her eyes as she smiled and muttered. The air flowed slightly, and the hard footsteps moved away. Then, she heard the sound of the door opening and closing.
She was about to again enter a deep sleep, but right before that—
“—!!”
Rinko gave a deep sigh as she got up. The comfortable feeling immediately vanished, and her heart was wailing loudly like an alarm clock wailing. She could not tell which was dreamland or reality for a moment. She searched around for the remote and switched the lights in the room on.
There was no one in the windowless cabin. However, Rinko felt that there was the faint remaining odor of someone floating in the air.
She got up from the bed and walked towards the door barefooted. She anxiously pressed the operation panel, unlocked the door and walked onto the passage through the gap as the door slid open.
There was no one in the inside passage that was lit by faint orange lights, whether it was left, right or anywhere she could see.
A dream...?
She thought so, but there was that ringing voice of that software deep inside her ear. Rinko subconsciously held the rocket pendant that she always had with her.
What was inside it, that was welded and could not be opened again, was the miniature bomb that was sealed right above Rinko's heart. The pendant seemed to give off its own heat as it scalded her palm.

Chapter 3 - Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament (8th Month of Human World Calendar 378)[edit]
Part 1[edit]
Looking down at the innocent sleeping faces from the high beam above, it made such a thought unwittingly.
Two boys were using the very sturdy dried straw piled up in the very old warehouse as beds, sleeping soundly. Appearance wise, they did not look too weird. The boy, who was lying horizontally as he slept, had flaxen colored hair, and his eyes that were shut now were deep green in color. Either way, it should be a color that could be seen everywhere in the area NNM... «Norlangarth Northern Middle». The height and physique were all within the average for boys at this age.
In contrast, the boy lying on the left with his limbs spread open had pitch black hair and eyes, and that was a rare sight. The chances of seeing dark colors was more common in the East area and the South, and the chances of giving birth to a child with black eyes and hair in the Northern region was rather rare, even though one could not say that there was no chance at all. As the entire population of the Human Empire had grown to such an extent, it may be possible for such an instance to occur. His physique was identical to the boy beside him, as if they were twins.
163 days ago, it was ordered by the «Master» to directly observe the duo. It arrived all the way here from Central Centoria, and was somewhat disappointed. Whether it was appearance or verbalism, they were not much different from those of the same area and age, but it felt that their planning and ability to avoid danger under dangerous circumstances were below average.
It had been half a year since it followed the duo, taking care not to be noticed.
The rainy season passed, and just when the summer was about to pass, it gradually understood why the «Master» fancied those two.
The lack of planning and abiding the rules was merely a display of inquisitiveness and seeking. Also, the black haired boy's imagination and mobility was shocking even to him, who had lived in this world for more than 200 years. Ever since it started watching them, there were many times where it was worried that the boy would break the Taboo Index.
On thinking through it carefully— that should not be the case. He probably should not be able to do such things. He did things similar to what [it] who the «Master» viewed as an archenemy did, destroying the permanent boundaries scattered all over the world in several days...
At this moment, the black-haired boy who was sleeping started moving his limbs as if he saw something. The shirt that acted as pajamas flipped up, and one could only sigh at the sight of him starting to move again without caring that his navel was exposed.
Summer was over, and the night wind was rather cold in this area that could be considered the northern Norlandgarth area. There were many openings in this warehouse, and if he continued to sleep on the straw bed with his navel exposed, the chances of his «Life» getting a slight illness would be very high. The next day— the 28th day of the 8th month of the Human World Calendar 378, could be said to be the biggest hurdle in their journey up till now.
They should have earned enough money by working in this farm for an entire summer, and though it wanted to tell them many times to at least sleep in an inn in the town, it could not interact with them directly. As it felt anxious observing them, both of them continued to sleep in such a simple warehouse—
And in the end, it ended up like this.
...It can't be helped. If I interfere like this, «Master» will forgive me, definitely.
It stood on the high beam and waved its right hand. A spell was muttered, the fingertip let out a green light, forming a ray of «Wind Element».
It cautiously let the «Wind Element» fall beside the black-haired boy, 30 cen towards the dry straw, and steadily «released» it.
A slight breeze was created, whirling up a pile of straw that slowly covered the boy's exposed navel. It was not reliable as a blanket, but it should be enough to cover the cold air blowing through the gaps.
It put its hand down and continued to stare at the two boys who did not notice what was going on before starting to consider what to do next.
The Life was permanently frozen, and the magic caster that was a «Master» had been taking similar missions for almost 200 years. However, it never had any memories of being interested in the observed parties. However, itshould be a function that was without «emotion». This body was not that of a human... Or rather, not a main Human Unit in this «Underworld».
Even if it could have predicted that the boy would get a cold right before this important trial, the problem was why it did not ignore this, but used a spell to interfere. Or rather, if his body collapsed, if the spell failed, its long mission to observe would be over, and it could return back to the corner of that large library it missed...
In other words... instead of going home, would its journey with the duo end just like this?
Impossible. This is too illogical. It's like I'm influenced by both of their irregular movement.
I can't continue to think. This isn't part of the mission. All I need is to do is to follow and observe both of them. I have to observe these two people— the flaxen-haired boy Eugeo and the black-haired boy Kirito, move to their destination.
It curled its body back to 5 mil and leaped off the beam. It would not exhaust Life with such a small body, and it would not need to use spells. It landed like settling straw, and silently moved its slender legs to their usual position— the somewhat long black hair of the boy called Kirito.
It fastened its body on the numerous hair strands that were of the same color as it, and for some reason, chided itself for its small body.
The peacefulness, comfort, assurance; amidst all these, there was some sort of intense emotions amongst them all... And it could not think of why it was feeling this way.
—Such inexplicable boys.
It again had this thought, closed its eyes, and went into a light sleep.
Part 2[edit]
The next day was the last day of the 8th month, and the morning was extremely clear.
Kirito stretched his back and opened his eyes. He looked rather surprised as he grabbed a pile of straw that was covering his torso, and he immediately sat up. He shook his head to wake himself up, and the observer that was hiding in his hair reached its arms and legs out.
It went to near the bottom of the strands of black hair and moved towards the fringe of it. This was its designated spot for observation in the door. As Kirito would occasionally scratch his head, it would have to be careful. A frozen Life merely meant that it would not decrease naturally due to old age, and Life would still be used up when the body got damaged. However, the maximum value of its Life was a lot larger than humans, and even after shrinking, its toughness was nearly completely preserved, so those sudden hits or whatsoever were still bearable.
Kirito did not detect the malt-grain sized observer that was hiding in his hair and slid off the pile of straw. He put his hand on the shoulder of his sleeping partner.
“Oi Eugeo. Wake up. It's morning.”
The rough shaking caused the boy's eyebrows that were of the same color as his hair to jerk slightly while he cracked his eyes open. The green eyes appeared dazed for a moment, but after blinking hard a few times he seemed to grimace as he narrowed them.
“...Morning, Kirito. You're still the same as usual, waking up so early everyday.”
“It should be the other way around. I say, wake up, wake up! We have to finish what we have to do in the morning; let's do some «style» training before breakfast. I still somewhat don't understand the 7th «Style».”
“That's why I told you to practice your «styles» besides just carrying out mock battles... I really can't believe you, trying to pull an all-nighter on the morning of the tournament... No, it's a little weird to say that in the morning. Well...”
“Forget about pulling an all-morning or all-nighter or whatever, we only have this one chance.”
Kirito vaguely said some things as he forcefully dragged Eugeo up, gathered up the straw he had been using as a bed, and stored it into the large wooden barrel near the wall. He picked up the wooden barrel that was filled with straw and headed towards the exit.
The moment he walked out of the warehouse, the light of the new sun entered his eyes. The observer backed itself away and hid in the hut of black hair. Perhaps it was still a little too used to the dark corner of the large library as it did not seem to be too receptive towards the sunlight. However, Kirito happily took a breath of morning air and said this to no one in particular.
“The morning air's so cooling. It's great that I didn't get a cold on such a crucial day.”
And you have the nerve to say so. I won't help you if you sleep with your navel exposed again. The observer could not help but exclaim in its heart, and Eugeo, who moved behind Kirito, said,
“We're going to get sick of sleeping on the warehouse straw sooner or later. How about we spend our lodging fees to sleep in the main house starting tomorrow?”
“Nope, there's no need.”
Kirito grinned —of course, it was impossible to see his face from the base of the scalp, but one could deduce that it was a mischievous grin— as he simply said,
“Because, starting tonight, we're going to be living in the Zakkaria Barracks.”
“...Please tell me where that confidence of yours comes from. Seriously...”
Yare yare.[1] Eugeo shook his head as he carried out a large barrel that was filled with straw, just as Kirito did. Both of them looked rather relaxed, but the weight of this 1-mel diameter sturdy wooden barrel would be pretty shocking even if it was only filled with straw. An ordinary young man of similar age could probably only take a maximum of 20 steps while carrying this barrel.
As for why the two skinny looking boys were not even sweating, the reason was that their «Object Control Authority» was ridiculously high. They could both wield the longsword that was lying against the wall of the warehouse— the Class 45 «Divine Instrument» level object, almost at will.
Then, why would these two seemingly ordinary looking young men, who lived in the countryside, have such great Authority? It had been half a year since it started observing them, and it still did not understand. However, it could at least say that ordinary training or matches up till now alone would not be able to give that value. It would be possible if they were to fight high class wild monsters, but the monsters that were allocated around the village should have been hunted till near extinction. More importantly, those two did not have «Hunter» as their Sacred Task, and if they hunted more wild monsters than what was permitted, they would have broken two clauses on the Taboo Index. If the highly active and energetic Kirito could not do it, it would be impossible to talk about the loyal and honest Eugeo—
There was one possibility left; that they defeated an enemy that would grant an increase in Authority even wild monsters could not match... an «Intruder from the Dark Territory». But on the other hand, this was something that could not be done. Both of them were not guards, and it would be impossible for them to face the Dark Army. Also, the Dark knights who would regularly arrive, the goblin scouts should have been sent packing by the Integrity Knights that were sent over from the Capital Centoria to the Mountain Range at the Edge.
If there was an unexpected «invasion» near Kirito's village... there would be a greater concern as compared to their abnormal growth. That may become a foreboding. That may become a «Prophesized Moment» that was to come one day, yet was thought to happen much later...
As it hid itself in the black hair and pondered about these, both young men had moved the barrels that were filled with straw to the stables beside the warehouse. They filled up the feed buckets of the ten horses fully and took brushes to groom the horses' bodies while they started feeding. This job would be the first thing Kirito and Eugeo had to do in the morning as they live temporary in the «Wolde Farm» on the outskirts of Zakkaria.
After working for a mere 5 months and more, the technique both of them showed in using the comb would make one mistake them for having the Sacred Task «Horse Feeding». Both of them finished grooming the last horse, and all the horses had finished feeding. Then, the 7 o'clock chime came from the Zakkaria Church that was 3 kilolu away. The «Bell of Time-Telling» the Axiom Church built in every village and city could be heard clearly within a radius of 10 kilolu as the sound would not weaken at all, but it would be hard to hear from outside this range. This would be a psychological thought to make sure a Human Unit would not think of moving too far, but it did not seem to be effective on Kirito's group at all.
Both of them used a pail of water to wash their hands and hung the horse brushes on the nail on the pillar. They used their right hands to grab onto the empty barrels, and left the stable. At this moment, an energetic greeting could be heard, seemingly awaiting the duo.
““Good morning, Kirito, Eugeo!””
The owners of the voices overlapped each other completely. They were the 9-year-old twin daughters of the farm owner—Telin and Telulu. Their hair and eyes were reddish-brown, and their shirts and skirt colors were completely identical. The only way to distinguish between them would be the colors of the ribbons on their ponytails. When they introduced themselves, the one with the red ribbon was Telin, and the blue one was Telulu. However, the two mischievous girls would often change their ribbons to make Kirito and Eugeo misidentify them.
“Good morning, Teli...”
Eugeo was about to answer the greeting as per usual, but Kirito stopped him from behind.
“Hold on! It seems a little weird here...”
The girls who heard these looked at each other, and then started laughing,
“Then, what's wrong?” “Is it your imagination?”
Their voices, their mischievous faces, the number and locations of the freckles on their faces were completely identical. Kirito and Eugeo pondered as they mumbled, looking back and forth.
As for why a Human Unit would have twins... or even the extremely rare triplets, even «Master» could not understand completely. After several consecutive cases of Units dying happened in the surrounding areas, the number of twins born increased. These are probably part of the human population adjustment system, and if that were really the case, there would not be a need to make everything the same. However, there were no flaws or strengths that could be used to determine between them.
—Even so, the «Observer» would only see the Unit's Status Window that would be indicated normally...in their terms, it would be the «Stacia Window», so it would be easy to see through the twins' switching their ribbons. In other words, Kirito's instinct was correct.
Believe in your own instincts. The observer who was lying at the root of the black hair muttered. Kirito did not hear this voice, but he raised his left hand to point at the girl with the red ribbon first.
“Good morning, Telulu!”
Then, he pointed at the girl with the blue ribbon.
“Good morning, Telin!”
The moment he finished, the twins stared at each other and exclaimed, “You got it!” They moved their hands that were hidden behind them up till now to the front, each holding a rectangular rattan basket.
“Here's your reward for guessing it correctly. Breakfast's Mulberry pie, you know!”
“We were very enthusiastic in picking the mulberries, you know! We spent a day picking them so that both of you can win in the tournament today!”
“Oh. I'm happy. Thank you, Telulu, Telin.”
Kirito put the wooden barrel beside his feet and reached his hands out to pat the two girls on the head. The twins showed smiles as they stared at Eugeo with a slightly worried expression.
“...Are you unhappy, Eugeo?”
“Don't tell me you hate mulberries?”
Immediately, the boy with the flaxen-colored hair hurriedly waved his hands.
“No, it's not that. I like it too! ...It's just that I thought of something in the past. Thank you.”
On hearing that, the twins showed a smile of relief and ran off to the round table placed between the stables and the rangeland. Kirito looked away from the girls who were preparing breakfast with crisp movements as he walked to Eugeo and patted him on the back.
“We have to win the tournament today and quickly rise to the top ranks in the army so that we can go to Centoria next year... To Alice. Right, Eugeo?”
Eugeo nodded hard at this soft but powerful voice.
“Yeah, that's right. The five months I've spent learning the «Aincrad-Style» from you was for this goal, Kirito.”
This was a one-lined conversation, but there were many significant messages in them.
Amongst these messages, there was a term the observer, who had lived for more than 200 years as a caster, had not heard of— That inconceivable sword style name.
And also, there was the ultimate goal of the duo— The Unit called «Alice».
If the Alice mentioned here would be the same Unit as the Alice that existed in its memories... These two's wishes would be so distant and vague.
That was because she was in a very, very high place in the «Centoria Cathedral» located in central Centoria...
“Kirito! Eugeo! What are you two doing!”
“Hurry up! Or else Telin and I are going to finish breakfast!”
The twins who finished their preparations exclaimed, and Kirito hurriedly pushed Eugeo's back as he ran over.
This jerking interrupted the observer's thoughts and caused it to snap back to reality. For the past 5 months, it had been reminding itself many times that thinking was not the job of an observer. But it always found itself thinking in the end... No, it was worried about the future of these two.
It clung hard onto the black hair strand and sighed for the umpteenth time today.

After a noisy breakfast, the twins left them with the words, “We'll cheer for you!” and left.
They set the ten horses into the rangeland and cleared the stables. Normally, they would use a wooden sword to start practicing, but it was different today. The duo washed their bodies and hair beside the well —at this moment, the observer would leave Kirito's head and hide in the treetop nearby— and they changed out from their work-clothes into their own clothing. They then headed to the main farmhouse not too far away.
The wife of the farm owner, Toriza Wolde had a very straightforward personality as a female owner of the farm. That was probably why she heartily hired the two of them who looked a little weird. It was the same today as she encouraged Kirito and Eugeo, who came to greet her, with a hearty voice and prepared their lunch boxes. As she sent them off, she quipped, “If you fail, forget about being soldiers in this town. Be Telin and Telulu's husbands!”, and this statement caused the two young men to show very complicated smiles.
They left the main house and walked down 3 kilolu on the path leading to the city. Both of them basically never talked to each other, and such a situation itself had never happened before. Most likely, it was due to nervousness. Every year, on the the 28th day of the 8th month, the town of Zakkaria would hold the «Norlangarth North area Swordsmanship competition», and there would be people from more than 50 surrounding towns or villages taking part. Basically, all the participants would either be people with the Sacred Task «Guard», and Kirito and Eugeo would be the only ones without such a role.
There would only be two people who could join the Zakkaria army forces, one from the east and west block respectively, and both of them must not fail if they wanted to fulfill their dream, which would be the greatest hurdle for them. However, the problem would be what would happen if both of them were assigned to the same block, and the two young men probably did not consider this at all—
As it continued to let its thoughts run wild, the sound of kemuri grass bursting, *PON*, could be heard in their path.
It poked its head out from Kirito's front scalp, and saw the streets that were on the other side of the short hill, made from reddish-brown sandstone. This would be the largest town in the NNM area, Zakkaria. At this point, its population was 1950, and it was less than 10% of Central Centoria, but this day would still be really buzzing in this largest tournament that occurred every year.
As they walked to the West gate, Eugeo whispered,
“...In fact, if I had not seen it for real, I might really suspect whether Zakkaria town is real.”
“Why?”
The boy with the flaxen-colored hair smiled as he heard Kirito's question,
“That's because... Basically none of the adults of Rulid Village have even seen Zakkaria. The ex-guard chief Doyke had the right to take part in the tournament, but he never exercised it until he retired. I would never even get the chance to go to Zakkaria or something as the «Gigas Cedar Cutter». If it were a place where none of us in the village had gone to before, and a place I couldn't see...”
“So you verified it for yourself.”
Kirito muttered in place of Eugeo, and then smiled as he added on.
“It's great that Zakkaria does exist. If this town exists, it proves that Centoria wouldn't be a lie.”
“Yeah. It's... really inexplicable. We went on our journey from Rulid village for the past 5 months, and even though we knew that this world doesn't just include that village, it still feels amazing now... It's really amazing.”
Though it could understand the words of the boy Eugeo, it felt that Eugeo's amazement was really weird. The «Master»'s caster who had lived for countless years had seen Centoria and the entire human world that was 1,500 kilolu. Its information capacity far surpassed all Human Units except for the «Integrity Knights». However, there were other unknown areas as well. That would be the other side of the «Mountain Range at the Edge» that surrounded the human world... The Dark Territory. There were only a few rumors about how there were several towns and villages there and how there was even a large pitch-black city there... One of these days, it should have the chance to use its eyes to prove their existence.
Impossible... These are all baseless imaginations, but if we continue to observe these two, maybe one of these days—
Most likely, it was thinking about such things.
The sudden unexpected tremor nearly caused it to fly out from Kirito's head. It frantically grabbed tightly onto the black hair and continued to look in front without thinking about anything.
What entered its eyes was a horse that raised its front legs up. "Hihihihihi", it let out a crying-like sound as it looked like it was trying to shake off the Zakkaria guard that was riding on it. The shaking just now was probably Kirito bending down, trying to avoid the horse gallop.
At the West gate of the town 10 Mel away, the horse-riding squad was located at the stone bridge in front of the moat, and the horse started to go out of control at the moment Kirito was about to cross it.
“St...Stop, STOP!”
The soldier sitting on the saddle desperately tried to pull the reins, trying to calm the horse down, but it did not seem to show any effect. Live animals like horses would require a lot of Control Authority, but a Unit that had the Sacred Task of a «Guard» should be able to fulfill this condition.
In that case, there would be very few reasons as to why a horse would not listen to its rider and go crazy. For example, insufficient feed or water causing the Life to decrease, or that it sensed a highly dangerous large wild monster closing in— However, these two scenarios did not seem probable.
As it continued to deduce, the horse that went berserk started raising its front legs hand. Kirito, who was right below it as he ducked to dodge, could not avoid completely. The people passing by, who realized the strange situation currently happening, all cried out. Even an adult male's Life would be reduced by half once he was stomped on by a horse with such momentum... If it kicked the wrong location, it would be possible for the Life to deplete completely.
“DAN-DANGER...!”
Someone shouted this, and at this instant, Kirito moved, not backwards — but forward. He moved by the horse hooves that landed and went beside it, using his arms to grab onto the horse head tightly, saying with a sharp tone,
“Eugeo, behind!”
As he said that, the partner had already taken action. While Kirito was restraining the horse, Eugeo went behind and quickly reached his right hand out to grab the base of the tail that continued to swing. His lightning quick fingers took out something from between the brown-colored hairs, and at that moment, that berserk horse that was rampant suddenly became obedient.
Kirito gently patted the nose of that horse that was panting a lot.
“Okay, okay, it's fine now— Guard-san, please let go of the rope.”
The still very young soldier on the saddle nodded his pale face and relaxed the tightly leashed rein. At the same time, Kirito moved his hand away from the head of the horse and took a step back. The horse then turned around and galloped back to its designated location on the right side of the stone bridge. The crowd around them let out a sound of relief.
The observer could not help but sigh in a relieved manner together with the onlookers as it remained in Kirito's hair, subconsciously reaching its arms out to block itself in front. It was to cast a protective spell to protect Kirito from being kicked by the horse. No, if Kirito did not take action back then, it might have used it for real. As an observer, that was something that was not allowed.
The boy who did not know of the small passenger in his front hair heaved a sigh as he put a hand on his chest, went to his partner, and whispered,
“...A « Large Marsh Horsefly»?”
“Correct.”
Eugeo muttered back softly and looked around. Once he checked that the pedestrians who had stopped had started walking and that the soldier was focusing on his beloved horse, he handed the thing in his right hand over for Kirito to see.
What was in his hand was a winged insect 4 cen long with red and black stripes on the abdomen. It looked like a bee, but there was no poison sting on it. However, there was one sharp protrusion at the mouth.
Amongst the «harmful insects» that existed to limit the Human Unit's movements, this was not a particularly dangerous one as it would not bring direct harm to humans. Though it could deal very little damage to the Life through bloodsucking, it would only target horses, cattle and goats. The reason why the soldier's beloved horse went rampant was because it was bitten by the Large Marsh Horsefly in the butt.
“Feels weird...”
Kirito muttered as he scooped that pest that was killed the moment it was caught from Eugeo's hands.
“There shouldn't be any swamps around nearby, right?”
“Yeah. I was told on the first day we worked at the Wolde farm. The nearest swamp is near the west forest, and we definitely must not bring horses there.”
“The west forest is around... 7 kilolu from Zakkaria. It shouldn't be possible for a Horsefly that lives near the swamp to fly all the way here.”
In response to Kirito's question, Eugeo tilted his head slightly, and quickly said with a somewhat vague tone,
“Even so... It's still possible for them to slip into some merchants baggage on the way here, right?”
“...Well, that may be possible.”
As the boys continued to talk, the pest that was between Kirito's fingers lost its red color at a very fast speed. The Life of insects were very low, and «Dead Insects» had even less Life, so it would only remain as a corpse for about a minute.
Soon, the Large Marsh Horsefly that was dyed light grey let out a soft voice as it disintegrated like sand, releasing itself from the very small body as it disappeared.
"Fuu", Kirito blew his fingers, nonchalantly looked around, and let out a slight snort.
“Anyway, whether it's you or me, we're really lucky that we didn't get hurt right before this important tournament. Good thing we were living with the horses at the farm every day.”
“Ah, yeah. If we join the army, how about we try out being cavalry?”
“We came all the way here, so don't say things like 'if', Eugeo. We'll definitely join the army no matter what kind of obstacles there are.”
Eugeo stared back at the grinning Kirito with a shocked expression.
“Obstacles... We have to win in the tournament, so there will be a lot of opponents.”
“Ah... Yeah, that's right. What I wanted to say is, don't let down your guard right before the tournament. Maybe there might be many unexpected incidents like what happened just now.”
“Eh, it's really unexpected for you to be such a cautious person, Kirito.”
“Of course. I don't go well with those reckless people who don't think through before they act.”
After saying that, Kirito patted Eugeo on the back,
“Alright, let's go fill our stomachs before the tournament.”
Part 3[edit]
Zakkaria was a town that was surrounded by a rectangular wall from the east to the west.
The dimensions of the town were 900 Mel from North to South and 1,300 Mel from East to West. The area was approximately 5 times the size of Rulid village in the north where both of them stayed in. As it was right in the middle of a prairie, there were no neighboring rivers or lakes, and their source of water was well water. Thus, this place looked like it was a rather dry place, but there were a lot more plants here than the Southern Empire that was full of towns in the desert.
The roads and buildings were basically all made from reddish-brown sandstone, and the residents who came to and from had red-based clothing as well. Thus, the blue-based colored shirts of the two boys, who came from the North, were rather eye-catching. Eugeo lowered his head, seemingly worried about the stares the others showed, but Kirito did not seem to mind as he looked around at the shops on both sides of the road.
“Oh, the meat buns this shop's selling looks delicious... but the kebab shop sells it cheap for 2 Shears. Ah... Eugeo, which one do you want to eat?”
Kirito leisurely said so as he turned his head around. He then realized the attitude his partner showed. His black eyes blinked in a dazed manner.
“...I say, Eugeo. It's been the third time in Zakkaria already. There's no need to be so tense.”
“Now that you mention it, it really is the third time... But this is the first time I'm seeing so many people after leaving the village.”
“If you're saying such things after seeing the people in Zakkaria, what will happen when you get to Central? Also, there will be hundreds in the stands at the swordsmanship tournament. Also, Uncle and Aunty Wolde said that they will bring Telin and Telulu in the afternoon to cheer us. Don't let them see you like that.”
Eugeo, who was patted on the back by Kirito, showed a begrudging expression.
“...I-I understand. It's only at this moment that I envy your nonchalant personality, Kirito...”
“You can still say such things with a pale face, Eugeo-kun. Being 'nonchalant' is an important trick in Aincrad-style swordsmanship.”
“Eh, re-really?”
“Really, really?”
As both of them continued to talk, they had already finished walking down the West main road that was approximately 500 Mel long. A tall building appeared right in front of them. This was the «Meeting Venue», the largest facility in Zakkaria. The rectangular shaped plaza that was proportionally smaller as compared to the town was now surrounded by the spectator stands. It was a multi-purpose space that was often used for lords' speeches, concerts and troupe performances, and of course, it was to be used for the Swordsmanship tournament today.
As the viewing was free, there were many citizens gathered here even when there were almost 2 hours till the opening of the tournament. To Human Units who were strictly restrained by their «Sacred Task» and the «Taboo Index» and all the other laws, this tournament that happened once every year would be their only chance of entertainment.
However, the intense atmosphere that came from the arena seemed to add on to the pressure on the boy Eugeo, and his face that was already whiter than Kirito immediately went pale.
“...Do, do we really have to fight here...?”
Kirito grabbed the arm of his partner who said that with a hoarse voice, ignored his emotions and complaints as he dragged him, one step at a time, to the participant registration window that was located at the front entrance of the Meeting Venue.
It was possible that most of the participants, who were either living in this town or were already residents of Zakkaria, should have finished their registration. A rather old bearded guard was sitting near the table of this temporary stall. Kirito fearlessly walked to the table and said loudly.
“Two people. Please register us.”
On hearing that, the guard raised his grey eyebrows, and first sized up Kirito and Eugeo with a doubtful expression before coughing lightly, and said,
“The only ones who can take part in the tournament are people who have the Sacred Task of a guard from the northern towns or villages, or apprentice guards in Zakkaria, or alternatively...”
“This is the «alternate». I say, that.”
Kirito nudged Eugeo on the side, who then hurried reached his hand into his tunic chest pocket, taking out what was a parchment envelope, and took a letter.
“Let me see...fm, so it's a written letter from the village chief of Rulid village. 'The two young men who have been entrusted with this letter have finished their Sacred Task granted by God Stacia. They wanted to seek a new path, and this is the proof.' I see.”
At this moment, the middle aged guard stroked his beard.
“In other words, two young brats from the northernmost Rulid village, who aren't guards, want to find a new Sacred Task and wanted to become members of our Zakkaria guards."
“That's right.”
Kirito answered back with a fearless smile, and then quipped,
“But we won't be staying around as guards here. Next time, we're going to head to Cen—”
Eugeo knocked him in the flank. He then continued on for his silent partner with a very quick tone,
“Tha-That's how it is. Please allow us to register for the next swordsmanship tournament.”
“Fm. Okay.”
The guard nodded, flipped open the tablecloth and handed a pen made of red copper.
“Write down your name, your birthplace and your sword school.”
“...Sc-School, is it?”
Eugeo's hand that was reached out stopped, and Kirito took the pen from beside. It was not a highly durable parchment paper, but a common paper script made from white silk grass. It had all sorts of names in different handwritings, filling up the paper.
The black-haired boy wrote the name Kirito in the common language in this Human World and his birthplace as Rulid village at the end. He put the pen down for a short while, and then continued to write down the name of the school. «Aincrad Style».
It had been five months since the observer had been watching the two boys, and while there were all kinds of doubts during that time, the greatest one would be this name. There were approximately 30 sword styles in this world, but this was the first time it heard of the name Aincrad-style.
Perhaps it's a style the rebellious Kirito would create himself after attaining some sword skills. That was what I first thought, but it doesn't look that way. This mysterious Aincrad school is different from other schools; instead of having only one «Secret Style», this might have at least 10...
As it pondered, Eugeo finished his registration after Kirito —and of course, the school was the same— and handed the pen back to the guard. The guard put the pen back, brought the script back to himself, and again raised his eyebrows.
“Fm. In the past I wielded a sword for a long time, but I never heard of this school before. Does Rulid have such a school nearby?”
The guard's question was to be expected. Though there were more than 50 participants' names written on the script, half of them learnt the «Zakkalight Style», , and more than half of them were from the «Norgal Style» that was widely spread through the Norlandgarth Empire. There was no such oddly-named small school.
However, Kirito simply showed a calm expression.
“That's a school that was recently set up.”
He answered, and the slightly pale looking Eugeo nodded his head as well. Of course, the guard would not refuse any registration because of a school, and after nodding 'I see', he handed them two bronze plates, each thinly engraved with the numbers. Kirito got '55', and Eugeo got '56'.
“Please head to the participant rest area before 11.30. We are going to assign participants into east and west blocks through a draw. At 12, we'll have the preliminaries, and we will use swordsmanship performance to reduce each block down to 8 people. You have to do move 1 to 10 in order, understood?”
After hearing the guard's question, Eugeo immediately nodded, and Kirito showed a somewhat doubtful expression as he nodded.
“Alright. Next will be the main show. We're going to carry out matches and reduce the number of people from 8 to 4, to 2 and to 1. That person... the winners from both East and West block, will then be granted the Sacred Task of being a Zakkaria guard.”
At this moment, both of them nodded at the same time. The observer that was hiding in Kirito's hair shook and started thinking the same thing it had been wondering about several hours ago.
Both their goals were to enter the guards. Thus, both of them would have to be assigned into the East and West block each, pass the preliminaries and win in the main tournament. However, if the two of them were to be drawn into the same block, their plan would have failed. In regards to this problem, these two carefree young men should have some form of plan...
—The answer it got to its doubt was during the time when both of them finished their registration successfully, went to the plaza nearby, and divided the meat bun and the kebab.
“...I say, Eugeo... If we're in the same group, what should we do?”
Kirito, who quickly finished up the meat bun that was divided in half, asked,
“...What do you say, Kirito?”
Eugeo, who finished the first kebab, answered.
In other words, both of them did not think. It was to be expected, but the observer felt like its head was going to just drop off. THINK! It prevented itself from falling victim to the urge of yelling out as it took its frustrations out by pulling the hair gently. Kirito lifted his right hand, and the observer hastily moved to the top of the head while he scratched his forehead hair. Even at this moment, this young man just said something really optimistic in conclusion,
“Well, things will naturally fall in place. Don't worry. We'll definitely be in different blocks. I did pray to Stacia-sama and Solus-sama and Te...Tereri...”
“Terraria-sama!”
“Yup, I made my wish to that Terraria-sama.”
"Haa", the observer that was on Kirito's head let out a soft sigh that overlapped with Eugeo's sigh. It walked back to its original position and muttered in its heart.
...There's nothing you can do. But is that alright, young man?

30 minutes later, right when the bell was about to chime at 11.30, both of them entered the tournament restroom.
The wide room that was approximately 20 Mel long had 4 sturdy looking benches on the west half of the room; and the participants were facing east. There were 4 slightly posh looking chairs placed there. They were empty at the moment, but there was a guard at the reception window.
The moment Kirito and Eugeo stepped into this room, they were stared at by the 54 other participants.
These adult men all looked like they had some amazing skills. Amongst them, 10 of them were wearing the Zakkaria apprentice guard uniform. Most of them were young, but the people from the neighboring towns who were chosen to be guards seemed to be in their primes. There were also people who had long beards and also those showing nerve-wrecking scars on them.
Eugeo straightened his back in shock as he was stared at by these strong and ferocious participants, but Kirito looked rather calm as he looked around the room and softly said,
“...Great...”
“Wha-What's great?”
Kirito brought his face over to Eugeo, who said so with a really tense voice, and softly answered,
“There are no female participants.”
“...I say, Kirito...”
“You're the same as well. It'll be hard for you to fight against a girl.”
“Tha-That's true... or rather, I never even thought of such a possibility before.”
“If possible, I really hope that such a situation will not happen until we reach that Four Empires Unity Tournament or something.”
“You don't say. I heard before that the Western Empire has a knight squadron comprised fully of women.”
“.........Ah!?”
And so, these two started their usual conversation without any sense of tension and the 54 ferocious participants soon lost their interest in these two young men, turning their faces that seemed to say 'these two young men are most likely going to be eliminated in the preliminaries' and started checking on their borrowed swords and adjusting their leather gloves.
Kirito again looked around the rest room, seemed to think of something, walked away from Eugeo, and headed off to the benches the participants were sitting on. He moved between the benches and breathed hard at a very fast speed. One could not tell why he did this at all.
After looking around for 5 minutes, Kirito finished inspecting all the participants, and again went back to Eugeo. He brought his mouth to the ear of his mystified looking partner, and muttered,
“Don't move your face. Second bench, the young man furthest in, do you see him?”
Eugeo twitched his eyes slightly as he followed what Kirito told him to do, and nodded,
“Yeah, that guy in apprentice guard clothing?”
“Be careful if you fight that guy. He might do something.”
After hearing that, the observer, who was as shocked as Eugeo, probed its head out from the front of Kirito's hair. There was a young man with sandy-colored hair that was sagging slightly, and he had a reddish-brown uniform on him. The age, as seen from the data in the «Stacia Window», was 18, and his Life value and Object Control Authority were below average, so there should be nothing worth taking note of.
“Eh... Is it someone you know?”
Eugeo muttered, and Kirito shook his head.
“Nope, but... You might understand if I express it this way. That guy's personality is similar to Jink.”
The Unit called Jink was the current guard captain in the Rulid Village both of them were born in. To them, he was a petty and unsociable person.
A Human Unit had to obey many rules and regulations, it would not mean that they were all friendly. If for example, there were people like the ones at the Wolde farm who would earnestly treat others, then there might be people who would look down on others, get in the way of others or make use of others in ways not stated in the laws. Rulid Village's Jink would be like that, and if Kirito's words were true, that seemingly harmless apprentice guard would—


“...Someone like Jink. He might try something like applying Shikami grass juice on my sword or something.”
Eugeo frowned as he muttered, and Kirito tilted his head.
“Well... Won't that be against the rules?”
“It won't reduce the Life of the sword, but it can be used for polishing it. It will be hard to smell it once it's applied. I had been pranked on by him many times when I was young, and couldn't concentrate in practice, so I really have to hand it to him.”
“...I see. Then, don't lose the sword you borrow. Don't let your guard down in the match. It's fine if I get assigned to the same group as that guy, but...”
“In that case, don't do anything crazy even if he does something, Kirito.”
“...I'll try.”
Kirito calmly chuckled as he nodded and turned around. He went to the Admission Window, used the registration bronze tablet. This was a tournament, however metal swords, instead of wooden swords, were used. Even though the Priority is lower, the power would still be enough to wear down a human's Life. Of course, as there was the rule that they were to fight until they nearly get hit, it would be definitely—unquestionably impossible to have any bleeding.
Both of them held onto their swords tightly, and 4 men walked in from an obscure entrance right when they sat down on the front bench. They were guards who were all dressed in bright red uniforms, and the bearded guard at the registration counter before was amongst them.
The 40-year-old man who had golden leader epaulets made a simple greeting, and a young soldier moved a very large box into the rest room. The leader patted the box, and said,
“In this box, there are small balls of blue and red colors, each numbered from 1 to 28, 56 altogether. Each of you need to put your hand into the hole at the top of this box and take out a ball. The red color indicates the east block, and the blue indicates the west block. The performance in each preliminary will be carried out in number order. If there are no questions, please take a ball each, starting from the front...”
Before the leader could even finish his words, Kirito immediately stood up and walked towards the box. Eugeo hurriedly followed, and soon, the other participants started standing up. *Gatagata*.
It moved from the front of Kirito's hair to the edge to look, and it could see a hole that was approximately 10 cen in diameter on the wooden box. However, it was dark inside, and the observer's eyes could only identify the shapes of the ball. At the same time, Kirito clicked his tongue, and the observer understood his intent on drawing first. If there were many balls in the box left, it might be possible to see the color of the upper-most ball through the hole. He was probably waiting for this moment.
Really, how can he still be so relaxed? He must be a very smart boy, but unfortunately, he lacks knowledge. In this world, the rule is that 'normal peeping methods can't work when it's done on a ballot box that can't be seen from the inside'. He has to have something that can get rid of this nature of the box— like a spell that creates a ray of light inside the box or one that can improve eyesight
“What's wrong, young man? Draw one.”
The leader prompted, and Kirito slowly reached his right hand into the box. He could only rely on luck for Eugeo and him to be assigned to different blocks when he could not see the color of the balls, but—
...I'll help you out this time.
The observer muttered in its mind as it suddenly jumped off from the front hair the moment Kirito reached his right hand into the box. It used the shadow of the wrist as a cover and leaped through the hole and into the box.
The hand that was reached into the box grabbed onto the first ball it touched, and pulled it out. The observer was able to see the color in the box. Kirito drew a blue colored ball — the west block.
Once it realized this, it adjusted its body size from the smallest 5 mil to 10 cen, 20 times the size; and though much smaller than its original size, this would be enough. Its arms grabbed onto a wooden ball and raised it slightly. Of course, the color was red.
Several seconds later, the white arm reached into the box tentatively, and even without a «window», one could tell that it belonged to Eugeo. The observer pushed the red ball into the shaking hand that was moving in a lost manner, completely unlike the decisive Kirito. The hand jerked in a somewhat shocked manner, but it quickly grabbed onto the ball and drew it out fast. At the same time, he let out an "Ehh!", which sounded really delightful.
It probably took him several seconds to open his hand, and after that, there was a cry, “Yes, Kirito! It's red!” After that, both of them scampered off while seemingly grumbled at by the 3rd participant.
...Really, always creating trouble for people.
It grumbled, and was about to shrink its body to leave the ballot box when it suddenly thought of something.
That young apprentice guard with the sand-colored hair. Why is Kirito so fixated on that Unit? It wanted to know the reason, being an observer. Well, then, I'll let that apprentice fight against Kirito instead of Eugeo.
I'll put off leaving for now and standby in a corner of the box for a while then. Anyone who opens the box and look inside will likely be shocked. I'm only 10 Cen big, but there shouldn't be any organism that's so big in the Human Unit world.
It hid his presence for several minutes. After the umpteenth time, a seemingly skinny arm reached in, and from the «window», it could tell that the arm belonged to the apprentice guard. It sent the blue ball it had prepared into the hand that was searching around in a psychotic-like manner. He did not suspect anything at all as he pulled his hand out to check, and the observer heaved a sigh of relief. This time, it shrank its body down to the smallest possible and onto the arm of the next person that reached into the box.
It continued to cling tightly onto that person's arm until it reached the bench, and then risked itself by scampering on the floor towards the feet of the boys who were sitting on the innermost side. It then climbed up their leather boots that had a crack, through the back of the cyan-colored shirt, and hid inside the black hair. It went back to the front of the hair and sighed deeply again.
No matter what, interfering with the draw was against my duty as an observer. If «Master» knows about this, I might get scolded.
No, I might be able to observe more efficiently by separating Kirito and Eugeo into different blocks, and I put Kirito and that apprentice guard into the same block to obtain more information. I'm definitely not thinking of anything other than that, let alone because of this. Even if— that apprentice guard has some ill intent, I won't interfere in his match with Kirito by using spells. I definitely won't do such things.
Part 4[edit]
The «Bell of Time-Telling» in the Zakkaria Church loudly chimed the noon melody, and palpable cheers rang out from the spectator stands.
In the midst of the clapping and the smoke grass, the 56 tournament participants lined up in two rows, moving from the rest room to the arena. Eugeo's row turned to the right towards the stage of the East block, and Kirito's row turned left to the West block. The 56 participants lined up near the stages and bowed to the leader of Zakkaria who was seated in the South block, the VIP seats.
The current leader, Kelgam Zakkalight finished his not-too-long speech, the anxious spectators let out a short moment of applause, and the tournament finally began. Even so, this was only the preliminary selection, taking place so as to first cut the number of people from 28 to 8. The contestants walked up to the East and West block stages one by one, showing off the designated «Style»
The term 'style' would refer to the trajectory of the sword, and of course, it referred to a series of actions that were strictly designated. What was demanded was a precision of actions, ferocity and elegance. To the observer who had witnessed the 5 months of training the boys went through, leaving aside Eugeo, there was some concern with Kirito. He had the mysterious «Aincrad-style» he created, but the tournament stated that the styles should all be from the Zakkalight style, and the ones grading were the Zakkaria guards and brass of the town. They were staring at the weird participants with stern glares, and it was likely that they would not hold back.
As it continued to watch worriedly as the tournament proceeded on, Eugeo's number in the East block was read out. His face was still as pale as ever, but he still summoned his courage at the crucial moment, bowed on the stage and did not show any stiffness as he drew his sword.
Eugeo took approximately 10 seconds per style, 100 seconds altogether to perform without mistakes, showing some form of dance-like elegance. This was likely the result of his intense practice during day and night, and also the effect of having such a High Object Control Authority. To him, the sword he was wielding in the tournament was probably as light as a twig.
The spectators burst into a round of applause and cheers for the performance by Eugeo, neither a guard nor an apprentice guard, louder than for any of the participants before. The judges probably didn't want to give this mysterious visitor a very high score in their hearts, but could not act on their own impulses because of the restriction of the clause that «They could only assign points based on the performance». It would be another thing altogether if an «Imperial Noble», not restrained by the rule, was around, but the 5th rank Lord, the leader of this town, Kelgam Zakkalight, was the only one around and he was, luckily, not one of the judges.
Eugeo, who finished his performance, walked down the stage, wiped off the sweat on his forehead, and gave a hearty grin to his partner who was waiting for his turn at the side of the West stage. Kirito gave a thumbs up in response, But honestly, you're the one who's making people worry here.
After 2 minutes, Kirito's number was finally called. He walked towards the large steps, not showing any signs of tension, but this caused the observer to feel anxious. Don't pull any flashy stunts now. Just be normal. The observer hid itself in the front of the scalp hair, hoping to command Kirito like this, but managed to endure it.
Kirito stood on the stage that was without any gaps, not made of sandstone, but of red marble. He bowed to the leader at the VIP seat, and immediately drew his sword. Such an impatient action caused the judges sitting right under the canopy to frown. However, Kirito did not mind at all as he raised the sword in his right hand. First, the first style—
*Zun*, the strong stamp rocked the entire arena. *Buush*, the wind that glided with the sword swings reached the spectator stands 20 Mel away. Cries of shock and some cries of anguish caused the nobles to leave their seats slightly. It was understandable since the style Kirito should complete in 10 seconds was completed in 2 seconds in a very forceful manner.
What are you thinking!? The observer wanted to rip off his hair, only to realize something important at this moment. In the rules, when performing the styles, there was no indication of how many seconds would be required to finish them. In other words, it would not be against the rules to finish quickly... But even so.
He adjusted his body that was swinging the sword, faced the spectators in the north and performed the second style. The raging sword winds that blew again caused the hair of the spectators at the front seats to dance, and this time, though the cries had some anguish mixed in, the cheers were a lot louder. Then, as Kirito continued to perform action number 3, 4 in a very fast manner, the cheers continued to grow loudly, and applause continued to rain. On thinking things through, it must be very boring to the spectators to see the same actions over and over again. That was likely why the tournament was held in two blocks.
Kirito did not slow down at all as he finished the ten actions. He sheathed the sword and bowed, and was greeted by a thunderous applause and cheers rained down on the entire arena. He looked over at the enthusiastic cheers, and saw the Wolde twins in the spectators at the West block, Telin and Telulu. As promised, they were brought here by their parents to support them.
Of course, the one who jogged over to Kirito, who was waving to the western spectators and casually walking down, was Eugeo. He looked like he was trying his best not to grab Kirito by the shirt, but he wisely squealed out with a very soft voice,
“Wha-What were you doing?”
“Well, I just felt that it would take too long to see other people perform... So, I thought that it would be good to settle this fast.”
“It might not be against the rules, but can't you just do it normally?”
“If I do it quickly, even if there were some slight miscues, the judges won't be able to see them, right...”
“...”
Eugeo showed an expression that was 70% shocked and 30% amazed, dropped his shoulders, and sighed hard.
“...Let's just pray that the judges will grade us according to the applause...”
On hearing Eugeo say such words lifelessly, the observer could only think Great minds think alike.
The preliminaries lasted for another hour, and ended when the bell rang at 2pm. The participants again stood on the stage, and the judges' representations read out the numbers and names of those taking part in the finals.
The observer felt some form of relief after hearing that Eugeo passed the preliminaries, followed by Kirito a few seconds later. It never had such feelings in these few years of memories, and it could not help but bring its weak legs in.
—Really, when was the last time I got so emotional observing someone? No, I'll say this is the first time.

The 40 participants lowered their shoulders dejectedly as they left the rest room, and only 8 swordsmen from the East and West blocks were waiting in the standby area of the arena. They were all given Siral Water drawn from a deep well and some simple food, and during this time, the spectators were taking a short period of rest. Once the 30 minutes of rest ended, the finals would begin. In this elimination tournament, the 1st to 3rd rounds of battles would be held, and a winner will be decided from both the East block and the West block.
According to what the Wolde farm owner, Banou, explained to Kirito and the rest, that until several decades ago, there was a final match that was to be held between the winners of the East and West blocks. The reason why this event was cancelled was because of an accident that happened in a certain year because of the intense fighting in the finals, where blood was spilled when it should not be spilled.
In the whole of Norlandgarth, the Zakkaria Tournament notwithstanding— No, in the swordsmanship tournaments held in the entire Human World, this was a rule that was strictly enforced.
This rule was based on the Absolute Taboo Index «In situations with no other clauses in effect, no deliberate harming of other people's Lives would be permitted». That was why there was such a paradoxical skill required in this tournament— So that they can ensure other people's safety while making them submit.
The reason for each school to focus on their «styles» was to prevent accidents from happening by making sure that both the fighter and the enemy's breathing were on the same wavelength. Style vs Style; this would refer to repeating the same attacks and defenses, and the first to be fatigued or lose concentration would most likely be the loser. The only times blood was allowed to be spilled would be the Higher Ranked tournaments in Central with the rule «First Strike» or when prestigious organizations like the Integrity Knights or the Master Arts Academy take part.
However, Human Units had something that other living Objects did not have, something called «emotions». It was because of this that they had a powerful strength, but could also lose their cool and do unpredictable things.
The incident Banou Wolde talked about was a result of the rising emotions of the two Swordsmen 'wanting to win', causing the swords to hit each other on the bodies instead of the swords. Of course, there was no fatal injury involved —If it had become that serious, the Axiom Church would have intervened— However, a mere drop of blood caused the people in the town to be terrified. Of course, it was understandable why the final battle between the East and West block winners was scrapped.
Of course, these two young swordsmen did not know about this. Their aim was to be the winners of this tournament, stand out from amongst the guards, get the rights to attend the Central Centoria's Master Arts Academy exam, pass one hurdle after another, and one day, they hoped to meet this «Alice» in the Centoria Cathedral of the Axiom Church.
It was shocking, but both of them were headed down in the right direction. This was so troublesome and so distant, but that path would definitely lead them to the Cathedral. However... if Kirito and Eugeo really do gain the right to enter that white tower, both of them would have...
The 2.30pm bell broke this trail of thought. After that, the orchestra that was lined up in a corner of the spectator stands let out a majestic March, indicating the start of the finals.
The duo, which had already finished eating the simple meal, stood up forcefully from the fold-able chairs at the waiting area. The black and green eyes exchanged looks with each other, and they reached their right fists out to bump each other, turning away as if there was no need for more words as they head off to the stages of the East and West blocks. The spectator stand that was somewhat empty during the preliminaries was already filled up, and the rain of cheers descended like howling wind.
The guards in charge of miscellaneous stuff moved the large board with ordinary paper to the atrium the judges were at. The words that were written in black on them showed the table for the tournament finals that would be carried out in an elimination format. On the East block, Eugeo's first match was the 3rd match of the 1st around. Kirito too had his on the 3rd match— but the observer's stare seemed to be attracted by the young apprentice guard called Egome, the one Kirito seemed to be worried about for some reason.
I've let him be in the same block as Kirito. That 5 mil body felt a mysterious feeling it did not feel during that draw. It did some baseless thinking. It could not possibly have the same functions as that of a human.
Kirito's concerns were completely different from the observer as he did not react even after seeing Egome's name. Once the chief judge's speech ended, he immediately walked down the stage and sat on the chairs in the West block waiting area. Eugeo came here when they were having their meal, but as of this moment, he could only remain in the standby area at the East block, so there was no chance to talk to him.
It watched the first and second match from Kirito's head, and saw that the battles were won smoothly.
The party that attacked first continued to use basic skills since the 3rd and 4th move, and the defense continued to take the hits without showing any openings, letting out a casual rattling sound. Then, it was a reversal of roles as the sounds of metal clashing could be heard again. One might mistake this for practice, but they were using real metal swords after all. No matter whether it was the side swinging the sword or the one defending, they would lose Life due to fatigue. Once the Lives drop past a certain value, their movements would show openings, and their defenses would become weird. The one to fail in defending himself ended up letting the opponent's sword tip poke right at his body— 'That's enough!' or something like that.
It felt completely different from the Central-class tournaments' speeds where the fighters would sprint and retreat. However, the tournaments held in the North should be something like that as well. The young man named Egome should not have any outstanding abilities, and in that case, the 3rd match of this tournament would likely be Kirito's easy victory since he had a larger Object Control Authority. The observer dispelled that anxious notion that came before as it boarded the red marble stage together with Kirito, who had his name called out.
A short moment later, Eugeo's name was called out on the East stage. However, from a glance, it could tell that Eugeo's opponent was too overenthusiastic and was already sweating, so there was no sense of worry at all. On the other hand, Kirito and Egome were facing off against each other on the west stage, and the eyes under the sand-colored hair were staring intently at Kirito. It again checked the Stacia window, but the values were lower than the average competitor in the tournament. So why is Kirito so wary of him—?
Both of them started walking, drawing their swords slowly. The young judge raised his right hand and swung it down, shouting,
“—BEGIN!”
At the same time, Egome started to take action. Normally, both sides would first stare at each other and begin the battle after checking each others breathing rhythm, so there was a slight commotion from the crowd. However, this was not against the rules. Even though using surprise attacks to win was not advocated, it was a strategy in fighting.

“OHHH!”
Egome swung down from the top right side with intense vigor, and Kirito ran up to him to take this blow. *KLANG!* There was a mysterious metallic sound that never happened in the tournament up till now, and the yellow sparks that exploded lit their faces.
These swords that should be causing a knockback continued to remain clashed with each other, trembling slightly. Kirito countered with amazing speed, completely ignoring the fact that he was slower as he moved the sword up, pressuring the opponent. The two swords let out a grinding sound that echoed throughout the silent west block arena.
In this situation, Kirito moved forward, brought his face slowly to the nose bridge of Egome's face that was frowning hard—and muttered,
“You have the smell of Nedge Lezta on you.”
“...So what?”
Egome let out a tone that sounded like the grinding of a metal force. Kirito then continued on in a deeper voice,
“There's only one use for Nedge Lezta. When dried and burnt, the smoke produced will numb venomous insects. For example... a «Large Marsh Horsefly».”
“...”
Egome's narrow eyes widened hard, and at the same time, the observer that was hiding in Kirito's head blinked.
That means that Kirito was moving around amongst the participants in the rest area to look for the person with that Nedge Lezta smell. In that case, the reason would be—
“...This morning, at the West gate of Zakkaria. You're the one who planted that Large Marsh Horsefly... that insect that caused the horse to go wild.”
In response to this sharp question, Egome merely sneered maliciously.
“I have no need to answer to a homeless guy like you. But even so... what I did was just to release an insect that wouldn't harm anyone. I'm not breaking the Imperial Law or the Taboo Index here.”
What the apprentice guard said then was the truth. If the Large Marsh Horsefly could harm humans directly... if it had been an organism that could take Life away, it would have been illegal to bring it to an area humans lived in. However, letting an insect that would only bite a horse would not break any rules at all.
However, things were not that simple. No matter how young children are, they can understand that a Large Horse Marshfly flying around horses would be there to bite horses... to wear out the Lives of the horse. It was imaginable that the horse would then go wild and could hurt the people passing by.
Most of the Human Units who realized this possibility would probably give up on this idea of letting this Large Horse Marshfly go. This was because there was the Taboo function of «Not reducing other people's Lives» working within their bodies. However, even after knowing that this would cause damage to Kirito or Eugeo... No, it was because he actively wanted this that this young man called Egome let the Horsefly go. To them, it was the thought of «I just let go of an insect that won't harm any humans. I have no idea what will happen next», a function that overpowered the thought of following the Taboo Index.
...The blood of nobility.
This young man was giving off the rumored dark side of the nobles. He was completely different from the people at the Wolde farm, a person who believed that «Anything that does not break the rules is acceptable».
“...Why?”
Egome seemed to spit out as he answered Kirito's short question,
“I don't like you. Someone who's homeless like you, who doesn't have a Sacred Task, wants to challenge me? This Egome Zakkalight-sama? You want to join our guards? I won't allow you. I wanted to wreck you when I saw you arrive to take the tournament rules slip last month.”
“...I see, one of the nobles. But even if you have some prestigious background, you're just a lowlife for doing such things. Sorry, can we hurry up and end this now?”
Even after hearing that he was a blood relative of the Zakkaria leader, Kirito did not show any signs of fear as he said this. He exerted some strength into the swords that were still clashed with each other, seemingly trying to make the opponent fall. But at that moment,
Egome again grinned, and after that, there was a sharp cracking sound. Kirito showed a slight stiffness. On looking over, while the two swords were clashed, Kirito's blade was the only one that was showing a small yet obvious crack.
Why would only one sword be affected when they're both swords borrowed for the tournament? It frantically opened the «Windows» for both swords, and there was an unexpected message over there.
Kirito's sword was a level 10 object, while Egome's sword was a level 15 object. On a closer look, it looked like there was a small difference in the glow of the blades.
“Ku...!”
Kirito groaned as he brought his sword back. This time, Egome brought his body forward. *Pnk*, *pnk*. It continued to let out cries as Kirito's sword was the only one with its Life decreasing.
“Speaking of which, this isn't against the rules either.”
Egome muttered while showing a victorious look.
“According to the stipulation of the tournament, all participants have to fight using the metal swords loaned out by the judges. In that case... it's not against the rules even if there was a sharp sword mixed into these swords and I got it.”
“...So you bribed the guard who loaned the swords out.”
“I don't know anything. But would be it okay for you to keep this up, wanderer? No matter how much you try, you'll only cause that sword to lose it's Life.”
Egome continued to swing over with all his might as he said that, while Kirito did something unexpected.
Kirito did not fight the opponent head on as he deliberately fell towards the arena and ducked past under the opponent's arm. Egome's sword let out a loud *GLANK* as it slid and smashed into the large marble. The recoil stunned Egome's body, while Kirito used this chance to leap away and keep his distance.
At this point, the spectators who were watching this nervously cheered. They had never seen an action like ducking under the opponent's arm while in the midst of a sword clash, and they, who did not know what the duo were talking about, rained down thunderous applause on them.
Egome finally recovered from the numbness as he faced Kirito, showing an enraged look.
It's dangerous. The observer instinctively realized this. Of course, as a noble, he could not break the Taboo Index as well, so he would not use the sword to hurt Kirito directly— However, on the other hand, if Kirito was hurt because of a slight accident, it would be fine. It's really amazing that he could think of something like this. The observer thought.
Such a hypothesis however was overturned by Egome's next move.
He raised the level 15 sword he had been wielding with two hands up till now with his right hand, and stopped at shoulder-height— It looked like he was putting it on his shoulder. Then, it seemed like he was looking for something as he spent several seconds adjusting his position. Finally, the blade was surrounded by a light blue glow.
“...Zakkalight Secret Art Finishing Move, «Azure Wind Slash»”[2]
The crowd again let out a thunderous applause— including applause from the East block. The referee on the stage looked rather troubled as he stared over at the judges' seats, but it seemed that they were pretty lost there as well. As the name suggested, the «Secret Arts Styles» here would refer to the finishing moves of each school, moves that normally could not be used, but there was no stipulation in the rules to follow, so the participants were given full reign to decide. Once Egome decided to use it, there was no way anyone could stop him.
However, the issue was that the power of the «Secret Art» was incomparable to the other normal styles, and once it was activated, it could not be stopped midway. The user's body would move on its own, not by its own will, but by a supernatural force that was similar to Sacred Arts. In other words, if Kirito's defense failed, it would not just corner him, it would break his body. Egome clearly understood this, and even so, he wanted to use this Secret Art— Most likely, he thought that even if there was blood spilled, it was just the defender's fault for not taking it probably.
However, there was still a way to stop Egome's move.
That would be to let Kirito put his sword down and expose himself to the enemy's attack. At that moment, Egome's resolve would break, and using a Secret Art here would clearly be breaking the Taboo Index. No matter what kind of noble blood he had, it would not be able to override the authority of the Taboo Index, the power of the Axiom Church. That was the absolute limitation that was ingrained in the Human Units.
Put down the sword. The observer tried its best to stop itself from saying these helpful words to Kirito. Even if I don't say so, he'll realize this. Hurry up, put the sword...
“...So the secret move's coming up.”
Suddenly, Kirito muttered in a volume even the observer on the head could not hear.
He moved his left hand from the sword hilt, just as Egome did, and positioned himself in a way such that it looked like he was putting the sword at the left side of his waist. As his body stopped, a bright purple glow was emitted from the sword.
On seeing this, the spectators and the judges held their breaths. Eugeo, who was on the opposite stage, shook his head yare yare. It remembered that whenever such a scene happened, everything would be over.
Egome's face trembled and twisted as he bared his teeth.
“KYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAA—!!”
With the shout of a large bird Object, the art was activated. He took a hard step to the front with his left foot, raised the metal sword that was resting on his shoulder, and slashed out in a diagonal trajectory that was aimed at Kirito.
Got to stop this battle. At this moment, the observer was seriously considering about this. However, it would be too late to use a Sacred Art here. Got to jump off from Kirito's head and show my true form. It will be completely against the rules— But even if I have to take whatever punishment Master gives me, it will be far less compared to letting my observation target...
But at this moment.
“—Shuu!!”
Kirito showed off a sharp momentum as he too moved.
He fearlessly rushed towards the light blue trajectory Egome drew out. His right hand moved and carved out a bright purple line in the air from the left to the right, and also another attack— from the right to the left.
*KIIN!!* A sharp metal sound was released, passing through the walls of the arena, and seemed like it could be heard from all the streets and corners of Zakkaria.
A sliver glow danced high in the air, reflecting off the light from Solus above as it slowly landed. A blade that was sliced from the edge was stabbed straight into the red marble stage.
Kirito's sword skill was really so fast that even the observer did not notice it at all, completely. However, it did see the crucial moment.
The sword swung from left to right and immediately went from right to left. As the speed was too fast, it felt like Kirito was attacking with two swords from both left and right sides. In fact, there was only one metallic sound. These two hits resembled beasts gnawing as they accurately hit the same point— and shattered Egome's sword. With a tournament sword that had its Life reduced by half, the sharp sword that had 5 levels of priority was...
Egome's eyes widened as he remained still. He, who had swung down the sword with only the hilt left vertically, could not help but tremble. Kirito, who maintained his sword swinging position too, whispered into Egome's right ear from a nearby position,



“Aincrad style Twin-consecutive-hit Skill... «Snake Bite»”

On hearing these words—
The observer felt all of its hairs standing.
This human called Kirito... actually had a uniqueness that far exceeded its expectations. Even with the 378 years of history in the Underworld, it was rare to see someone like him... Perhaps he might even be on equal standing as the Master, «That person».
As it continued to feel this inexplicable feeling, no, this feeling it was not even conscious of, it was only thinking of one thing.
I want to witness the end of these two's journey, Kirito and Eugeo.
Over there, there will definitely—

In the Human World Calendar 378, the Zakkaria Swordsmanship tournament East and West block winners were the young men with no Sacred Tasks, who came from a village in the north. As per tradition, they earned the rights to join the guards.

In the end, the first match was the only one that troubled Kirito somewhat, and he never used the «Two-consecutive Hits» thereafter. The next spring, Kirito and Eugeo would earn the recommendation letters required to attend the Royal Swordsmanship Academy, a fact that could not be more obvious.

Chapter 4 — Sword Mastery Academy (3rd Month of Human World Calendar 380)[edit]
—If possible, I really don't want to fight against women until the Four Empires Unity Tournament.
I said this to Eugeo before during the Zakkaria Swordsmanship Tournament. Since then, it had been one and a half years.
It has been about two years since we chopped down the «Demon Tree» Gigas Cedar at Rulid Village and left the village. Half a year later, we joined the Zakkaria guards, and another half a year later, we reached Central. It has been a year since we knocked on the doors of this academy.
It seemed like a very long time, but as I recalled this, it was really amazing. 2 years would be around the same amount of time as when I was trapped in the floating city of Aincrad.
Luckily— I should be about to say this, this Virtual world «Underworld» I dived in unknown circumstances was operated by a super-technology that far exceeded my imaginations.
The «Fluctlight Acceleration Function»— it magically magnified the sense of time and accelerates the person in dive mode. Theoretically, it could be accelerated to 1000 times the time in reality. In other words, the physical body of Kirigaya Kazuto that was lying in the real world would have dived for only 18 hours ever since it began.
To think that I woke up in the forest near Rulid Village, spent 2 years to reach the Norlangarth Empire Swords Academy, and not a single day had passed in the real world yet, I felt a little dizzy, and yet a little relieved. In the worst case scenario, even if I were deemed missing in the real world, not much time would have passed for that assumption to be made.
I did not want my parents, Suguha, my friends, and of course Yui and Asuna to worry. Of course, knowing Asuna and the rest, they would never merely sit and worry; they would definitely do something. This is what worried me the most.
Either way, the current situation would have devastated Asuna and the rest, and the me in this world tried to take note not to interact with females. I made this decision when I stepped out of Rulid Village —that it was great that Eugeo was a guy— I thoroughly swore to follow this oath and said such things in Zakkaria, however...
What I never ever predicted was that I would regularly have sword scrimmages against swordswomen during the past year in Centoria.

“I'm here to help you revise, First Year.”
The one who ordered with a clear voice was a senior student who wore her purple-based uniform neatly and tied her dark brown hair in a ponytail, my «Senior».
“Understood, Liena-senpai.”
I answered, and drew the practice wooden sword from the leather sheath on the left side of my waist. It was a wooden sword, but it was made of the highest quality platinum oak, and one would mistake it for a glossy metal. It did not have a blade and it did not have cutting ability, so even if it grazed some clothing, the clothing's Life would not decrease. But in terms of priority, it was a lot larger than the crude metal sword I borrowed in the Zakkaria tournament.
The swordswoman saw me get into position with my sword drawn, and also drew her wooden sword in a fluid manner. The posture she made was slightly different, a slanted position where the right half of her body blocked the left arm. This would be the basic style of the «Serlut Fluid Combat Skills» she inherited from her family.
“...This is the last time. You have no problems using your left hand anymore.”
I said with a chuckle, and she answered back with a stern look, “Is that so.” She then placed her left hand behind her waist, right below the large sash.
The swordswoman was standing 10 Mel away, no, 10 meters away as she made her posture, and the way she showed her determination looked really beautiful.
In terms of height, she was 3cm taller than my 1.7m tall frame. The flowing hair was tied by a rattan colored ribbon that matched extremely well with the dark brown hair. The ferocity of a warrior and the elegance of a noble were mixed together on the beautiful face. The navy blue color of her eyes were like the sky that was fading into twilight.
The jacket of her neat uniform and the gently swaying long skirt were of a glacial purple color. It was not an eye-catching color, but it looked much more glamorous than anything else she put on, which was really unbelievable. However, the body that was encased under the clothing was a refined iron-like one, and I knew this because of my role.
“...This will be the last time.”
She— Sortiliena Serlut, a child of the Norlangarth royal family and the second rank of the Sword Mastery Academy— maintained a position that was without any openings as she muttered.
I— the Beginner Trainee of the Sword Mastery Academy, Kirito, was her «Valet». I nodded silently and lowered my body down.
Every day, the lessons and practical training would last from 9am in the morning till 3pm in the afternoon, and after that, I would have to be her valet for an hour. I was drained physically and mentally, but all sorts of fatigue was long gone since I was able to fight against Sortiliena-sempai. It was already 5pm, and we were the only two left on the practice ground that was built in the Elite swordsmanship dormitory, located on high ground in the Academy campus.
Eugeo's probably sighing away at the Trainee dormitory because I broke the curfew at this point, but since he's a valet to another swordsman, he should be able to understand.
I thought, and then focused my consciousness on the sword in my right hand. Liena-sempai's eyes suddenly became dull as the air seemed to show a flash of electricity, causing me to tense up. The lamps that lit the wide practice field swayed slightly, seemingly unable to withstand this tension.
Even without a referee around, both of us took action at the moment our breathing was in the same rhythm.
Petty tricks would not work on Sortiliena-sempai, who was called the «Mobile Tactics Overload», so I took a step forward, closed the distance of 10m, and did an unexpected vertical slash.
The teachers would definitely tell me off if I used this skill in actual sparring, but I would be taken down immediately if I used that slow Norlangarth-style in this match. Either way, Sortiliena-sempai's Serlut-style was the most practical sword style I knew of in Underworld.
The one fastest strike I unleashed was blocked by the wooden sword in Sortiliena-sempai's right hand. However, there was no impact at all. She used the gentleness of her arm, shoulder and waist as she took my attack by tilting the side of her smooth blade. This would be the Secret Art of the Serlut-style, «Active Water». She had been teaching me this move for the past year, but I still could not grasp it completely even after knowing it.
On a side note, the language used for writing and speaking in this world was completely Japanese (and a few foreign languages), but there were very few kanji. Most likely, it was about the equivalent of 30% of the JIS Level 1, as it used only about 1000 kanji words. But even with such restrictions, they managed to give so many sword skills unique names.
The imagination of the people in Underworld was really astounding. Right now, there were only stories read to young children. In another 100 years, it would not be strange to see someone write a novel. If it was sold in Japan in the real world and got a ridiculously large amount of hits, it would be really amazing...
I jumped forward to the right, seemingly trying to shake away those random thoughts in my mind. That was because I learned my lesson after sempai broke my balance with the «Active Water» and countered.
I flipped in the air and landed near the wall of the practice ground. My right foot stepped on the black shining wall, and I charged forward— As I did this, Liena-sempai's left hand took action.
It moved from behind her waist to the front of her body, drawing an elegant arc as a white light extended out from her fingertips. Of course, this was not because she was using a Sacred Art called «Light Element». Its true form was a whip that was made of fine white leather, the weapon she was most skilled with other than the sword.
The practice whip made from the soft Wilde goat skin would not reduce Life even with a direct hit, but it would be painful enough to produce tears. I instinctively wanted to wield my sword to get into a defensive position, but the blade would be wrapped up by the leather whip and nullified. However, if I did not do so and back away, a second, and third hit would come right at me.
I desperately turned my body to the left, trying to dodge sideways to avoid this. The tip of the leather whip grazed past my right cheek and flew behind, and using this chance, I charged forward.
However, this leather whip that let out a loud, shrill swipe in the air coiled its body like a snake as it pulled back. I would have to get to her before the next hit occurred. I decided that it would be impossible for me to reach her by running alone, placed my wooden sword in a parallel manner to my right leg, and pulled it back. I kept my body low, bent forward, and at this moment, the blade let out a blue glow.
Liena-sempai suddenly narrowed her eyes and opened her left hand. She decisively released the leather whip in her left hand and placed it on the sword handle her right hand was holding.
Immediately afterwards, my body accelerated as if it were moved by an invisible hand. It was called the Aincrad-style, but it was actually a «sword skill» that existed since the old SAO— the one handed lower sword thrust skill «Rage Spike». I continued to decrease the 7m distance while feeling like I was one with the wind.
In contrast, Liena-sempai tilted the sword she was wielding with two hands to the rear right side. *Don*, she stepped forward with her left foot, and her wooden sword let out an emerald glow. It was the Serlut Secret Skill «Linker».
My wooden sword swung up from the bottom right side, and it clashed with sempai's sword intensely as it swung over horizontally. Our wooden swords let out a metallic-like impact sound, and the green and blue sparks that were let out immediately lit up the dim training ground.
I straightened myself as our swords were right on each other, and Liena-sempai's face was 10cm away from mine. She looked as cool and collected as ever, and her snowy white forehead did not show a single bead of sweat. Even so, she managed to deal so much pressure to my sword. If I'm not careful, I'll be beaten by her.
In this world, the abilities of humans, the «Character Status», were somewhat complicated.
Even if I opened what they called the «Stacia Window», the most it showed were the current value/maximum value of the Hit Points and the two level indicators «OCObject Control Authority», and «SCSystem Control Authority».
Amongst them, the OC Authority controlled the use of weapons and armor, while the SC authority controlled the use of Sacred Arts. In other words, the former would be the equivalent of STRstrength, while the latter would be in charge of INTintelligence. This was a simple deduction I made at first. However, STR alone did not seem like it was controlled by OC Authority. It seemed that there were other factors like age, physique, health status, experience and training and all sorts of parameters.
I had been thinking through this. If a young kid's OC Authority level was raised to the maximum because of some reason, and if strength was decided through that value alone, there would be a kid with monstrous strength. If I started off with the objective to survive in this world, I wouldn't like such irregular phenomenon as well.
I can't check it myself, but if we're comparing OC Authority, mine should be a lot higher than Liena-sempai. This should be the case, but sempai was able to hold her own against me while we're neck and neck with each other, so it's likely because of the amazing amount of training she underwent every single day. During these two years, Eugeo and I had been training, whether it was day or night, but it was not on the level of the monstrous training sempai went through that would make anyone tremble. That sort of training raised her strength and also a 'power' that couldn't be indicated through values.
However, the scariest thing was that, even when there was someone like her, she was only the second ranked amongst the 12 elite swordsmen— In other words, there was the fact that one other person was ranked above her.
Eugeo and I would be taking part in the advancement exams for elite swordsmen next month. It seemed that the 12 people with the top grades would be given the rank of a «Swordsmanship Specialist» as elite swordsmen. It would be a must for us to become swordsmen, and we had to be the top and second ranked. If not, we would not be able to attend the Emperor's Imperial Competition, officially known as the «Norlangarth Imperial Swordsmanship Tournament», after we graduate.
In this 2 year course within this Swords Academy, each year had 120 students. In other words, Eugeo and I would have to beat the other 118 students— To be honest, on thinking Liena-sempai wasn't the «Number 1» even when she's so strong, I did feel a little, no, strongly anxious...
“—You've improved, Kirito.”
Suddenly, she muttered to me from a very close distance, seemingly having read my thoughts. I shook my head slightly, maintaining the pressure I was exerting when I couldn't let go.
“No... I still have a long way to go.”
“Aren't you being humble there. You have more or less learned how to deal with my whip.”
“That's because you never held back.”
On hearing that answer, the bewitching lips showed a slight smile.
“I have no need to hold back against you, Kirito. That's because this is the final... your «Aincrad Style» has some moves I have not yet seen.”
Uuu. I couldn't help but stop myself from talking. My sword was forced back by 5cm, perhaps because I was wavering, and Liena-sempai pressed down on me from above.
Her navy blue eyes stared at me, seemingly sealing away the gloom in her as she continued,
“A year ago, when I anointed you as my valet, I felt something like a sword style. It was completely different from the Norlangarth style the Academy demanded... that this sword style was not for show, but for winning. The Serlut style I use is trying to develop towards the goal of practical use, but it's too rigid compared to your style, Kirito. I understood that during this past year.”
I could only widen my eyes at my opponent who made this confession.
The use of the sword skills was different, if I have to say it, and that's true. I'm not someone from the Underworld. My sword skill is named as an Aincrad-style because those were all learned in that floating city, in the world of that death game where we had to risk our lives in all the actual battles.
In contrast, there were basically no actual battles in the Underworld. All the battles were done in a «competition». In a local contest, it would be when one side was cornered, and for the higher level contests in Central, the one to hit first would win. With no risk to life, it was logical for sword skills to be developed for an aesthetic ideal.
However, this did not mean that the sword skills of the swordsmen in the Underworld were inferior. This was also something I learned in the past two years. As long as they continued to practice the same «style» countless times, the power of each hit they spent so much time refining could make up for the lack of live combat experience.
This was all because of the power of the «Imagination».
Underworld was a virtual world, but the construct was completely different from Aincrad. In this world, the strength of the imagination created by the souls— the Fluctlights, would sometimes affect the results.
How strong would someone be by using the imagination of a swordsman to practice the same skill over and over again for 10, 20 years since youth... On the other hand, I, who had an advantage in OC authority, was forced back by Liena-sempai like this in the current situation, which showed this to be true. The power of imagination was not shown numerically, but it was a real power that was hidden in this world. It was something neither I, who woke up to this world for merely 2 years, nor Eugeo, who started training his swordsmanship at the same time, could easily grasp.
The students in the academy were mostly born in the houses of the «Nobles», elites who started learning the art of swordsmanship ever since 3, 4 years old. Even so, only a small group would spend the time and effort to actually practice. In this situation however, Eugeo and I had to beat the sturdy swords of these strong people head on and aim for the top seat of the year.
Because of this, the only weapon I could rely on was the Aincrad-style— the sword skills.
As for why the sword skills existed in Underworld, I had no idea why, even till now.
However, it looked like the swordsmen in this world only knew the basic single-strike skills, or rather, they could only use such skills.
One year ago, during the Zakkaria Tournament, the apprentice guard Egome used the Zakkalight style «Azure Wind Slash». In SAO sword skill term, it would be the one-handed diagonal attack «Slant». The Serlut-style move Liena-sempai used just now, the «Linker», was the two-handed spinning sword slash «Cyclone». Other moves I saw were Norlangarth-style «Lightning Slash», which was the one-handed sword skill «Vertical», while the high level Norlangarth skill «Heavens and Mountains Break» was the two-handed vertical slash «Avalanche».
These were all the secret moves of each school, and it seemed that there was no super move that would be like an ultimate move. Then, the two, three consecutive hit attacks I mastered may be a weapon that could match up against the sturdy swords of those elite swordsmen here. It was just a guess for now, but I had to say that it was somewhat despicable. However, we're not here to steal the honor of the strongest in the human world. We just wanted to step through the gates of the Axiom Church's Centoria Cathedral that was located on a hill several kilometers away from the Master Arts Academy, the large tower that was absolutely out of bounds to us.
In order to let Eugeo meet with Alice who was taken at a young age.
And I wanted to meet the «Governor» of this world.
If we could finish our aims, it wouldn't matter even if people labeled us as despicable during all the tournaments. I would take part in all the high level swordsmanship tournaments I knew of, and continue to win, until I become the best in the Four Empires Unity Tournament and obtain the right as an «Integrity Knight».
This was the reason why I sealed off my moves that were more than two consecutive hits during the one year since I enrolled into this Academy. What I just used was merely the «Rage Spike» Charge skill.
However, it seemed that this beautiful senior saw through that dastardly secret move of mine,
Liena-sempai again brought her face closer by another centimeter, and whispered in a softer voice as if it was a secret.
“The Serlut family's ancestors made the Emperor unhappy in the past, and from there on, they were forbidden from inheriting the traditional sword skill «High level Norlangarth style». Thus, we started using unorthodox weapons like whips and daggers, and spent lots of time relying only on the gentle sword skill that's not forceful. This is the Serlut-style... Don't be mistaken, I'm definitely not unhappy here. I'm proud to be the only inheritor of this style, and have been training till today...”
The white slender hands trembled slightly, unlike what she just said. The wooden swords that were clashed let out a clear rattling sound. Even though this might be a chance to pull my sword back, I did not do so as I continued to maintain this posture to wait for her next words.
“And my father hoped that I graduate as the top ranked student from this Academy and win during the Imperial tournament to regain the prestige of the Serlut family. However, isn't this quite the irony? If I answer my father's expectations and get the Emperor to revoke the ban on the high-level Norlangarth style... our family would give up on the Serlut style, right? If that's the case... What's with that honor I cherished ever since I was young?”
I couldn't make a quick response to this question.
Recently, my consciousness had become somewhat faint, but I felt that Liena-sempai in front of me, my important partner Eugeo, all the students and instructors in this Academy... and all the people living in Underworld were different kind of humans from me in a certain sense. They were just given the term «Human Units» in this virtual world Underworld.
Even so, they were different from the NPCs in current VRMMO. They were «Artificial Fluctlights», copied through the Fluctlight of the human souls and preserved in a special medium. They were— most likely, they were the brand new Artificial Intelligences of some certain organization in the real world, probably the enigmatic investment enterprise «Rath»—
However, their show of emotions would sometimes be greater than those of people in real life. They would simply sense, feel bothered, accept or take on the fates this world would give them head on. When I saw them like this, I felt that it was impossible not to be agitated. Their existence... No, the existence of this Sortiliena-sempai who's clashing with me at close range is basically like a miracle...
“...Sempai.”
On hearing these words, Liena-sempai showed a slightly self-mocking smile.
“I always had such a doubt in my heart before I entered this Academy. During these two years, I have never been able to beat that guy, and that may be because I felt so lost.”
«That person» would refer to the top elite swordsman who had never changed his rank this year, a guy called Uolo Levanteinn. He was from a second class noble family who inherited his family's tradition of being trained by the Norlangarth Empire Knights, an intimidating Mighty Sword user. The imagination and power from this guy's overhead cleave were top notch. I saw him use a wooden sword to slice a round log in half.
The elite swordsmen, the best in this Academy were all given the rank from top to 12th. This rank would change during the examinations that were held 4 times every year.
Of course, I had been watching at the nearest grandstand seat for the last three tournaments. They used an elimination tournament similar to the Zakkaria tournament and reduced the number of people from 12 to 3 within 2 rounds. The one who was ranked highest before the tournament would be seeded. During the three decisive finals, Liena-sempai fought the Chairman Uolo, and lost all three times to him.
As far as I saw, their swordsmanship abilities differed completely. Liena-sempai used a gentle sharp style as compared to the sturdy Chairman Uolo. She nullified the extremely powerful strikes like running water, and would occasionally carry out sharp counterattacks. Sempai's skill was basically perfect. Both of them were never able to carry out any successful attack, but just when time was about to run out, Uolo would use the high level Norlangarth overhead cleave attack, and during these three times, Liena-sempai was never able to take the attacks. The wooden sword was sent flying twice and snapped once.
The judges' decisions were needed to decide all three matches, and it was obvious that they would choose Uolo as the winner. Thus during this year, Uolo was the chairman, and sempai remained as the vice-chairman, a position that was never changed.
On a side note, the 3rd ranked had never changed before. He was a hulking guy, Gorgolosso Baltoh, who always lost to Liena-sempai in the semifinals. To add on, the one who became Gorgolosso-sempai's valet was my good friend Eugeo.
The 'this is the final' Liena-sempai mentioned before the start of this training referred to the 4th «Graduation Contest» that would be held 2 days later. This would be the final ranking. Two days later, these high level trainees that included the twelve elite swordsmen would graduate.
In other words, the tournament two days later would be the last chance for Liena-sempai to overtake Uolo-sempai. To be accurate, the first two would have the right to participate in the «Imperial Swordsmanship Tournament». She could possibly meet Uolo there, but I feel that sempai, who had been losing to him at school, would not be able to beat him.
“...I'll be honest here.”
Liena-sempai continued to keep her sword clashed with mine as she kept her voice down and said to me,
“Whenever I saw that guy's «Splitting Wave of Heavens and Mountains»... I would be scared. No matter how many times I trained, I didn't have the belief that I could take a hit from that Mighty Sword. Ever since the time when we were rookie trainees... No, ever since the time when I first saw that guy's sword during that entrance exam two years ago, it had always been like that...”
This was the first time I saw sempai like this, and as I felt shocked, I earnestly agreed.
As expected, there wasn't any difference between sempai and Uolo's ability. It was only the power of Imagination... How strong her self-confidence was, this one important factor she was lacking.
As I deduced, if Underworld was a virtual world formed by «Mnemonic Visual Data», the power of imagination should become an important factor in deciding the results of events. That was because Liena-sempai and I saw that what we touched were not polygons, but «memory imagination» obtained from Fluctlights.
Each person should have their unique, slightly different imagination data, right...? Maybe the data released by multiple Fluctlights could be placed in a «Main memory holder» and evened out. Then, if such Fluctlights appeared, the power of imagination released would be enough to affect the data, and it wouldn't be hard to imagine that events were changed by personal will.
Using the example of Uolo Levanteinn, the reason why this Mighty Sword user was so strong was because of this. He had absolute confidence in his sword skills and his style. His imagination was led by this firm will, and it was because of such imagination that he was able to show such tremendous attack power.
In contrast, Liena-sempai always felt somewhat lost about her own sword skills. The reason was because of the Serlut-style she mentioned before. The high level Norlangarth style was forbidden from being passed on, so they could only create their own style as a replacement. This recognition caused her to have a form of «Inferiority» in her heart. Because of this, it couldn't be helped that she was defeated by Uolo-sempai, who had absolute faith in his own sword skills... It was probably like this.
However, I wanted to let Liena-sempai win this time. This wasn't because of how the world's composition and imagination would be rewritten, but that I wanted her to stand proudly and graduate from this Academy. Sempai had the right and privilege to do so. During this year, amongst the 12 elite swordsmen, sempai—
“...Sempai, you spent much more time than anyone to train rigorously, including Chairman Uolo. Even that's not enough for you to gain confidence...?”
On hearing my words, Liena-sempai went silent for a short moment, and gently shook her head.
“Yeah... Looks like it's still not enough. The more I practice the Serlut style, the more I kept thinking. What will happen if it was not a sparring of wooden swords, but through steel swords; what will happen if whips and daggers can be used. If these could be used, there would be no need to worry about being careless against the Norlangarth style. But these were all excuses. In this Human World, real sparring... real battles definitely wouldn't happen. Until I stop giving these excuses for my failures, I'll never be able to take Uolo's sword strike head on...”
Before I could even respond to these words, sempai smiled slightly and continued,
“But you're different, Kirito. I couldn't find any sense of inferiority in you even as you're a user of a unique style. I had been watching right beside you during this year, and I finally understood this reason. I said it before just now... That's not all to your «Aincrad Style», right? There should be some more amazing skills you have, so your heart never wavered. It's like that thing you mentioned before, the large tree located in the forest of your hometown... that Gigas Cedar.”
Unknowingly, our arms relaxed as our wooden swords clashed with each other. Even so, sempai didn't move her body back; or rather, she was tilting her body forward, trying to use the strength of her body to press down on me. She then said fluently in a voice that was rather deep for a woman.
“That tree was already planted in your heart, I suppose. No matter how strong the winds are, it will not bend, and continues to look up at Solus in the sky... Kirito, I want to see that power you're hiding.”
“...”
“This has nothing to do with the match against Uolo. It's just that, I want to see... No, I want to know. I want to know all about you as a swordsman before I graduate from this Academy.”
Deep within the twilight blue eyes, little stars seemed to sparkle right in front of my eyes.
The beautiful face that looked like it could take anyone's soul away was only 5mm away from me before I realized it. At this moment, a slight pain happened right in the front of my hair, causing me to recover sharply. I blinked and started to think again.


I never showed Liena-sempai the «amazing» Aincrad style, the high level sword skills, but not because of some petty reason like using it as a secret weapon.
That was because I couldn't use it with this level 15 wooden sword that was used for competitions and training. The most I could use was the 2 consecutive hit skills «Snake Bite» and «Vertical Arc». No matter how much I tried, I couldn't use 3 consecutive hit skills. I tried it with a metal sword of the same level, but it was the same. I could only use the 4 consecutive hit sword skills when I was equipped with the level 45 Divine Tool «Blue Rose Sword» that chopped down the Gigas Cedar. I still didn't know why, but there was no such restriction in the old SAO.
Anyway, since sempai wants to see me give my «all», I can't just bluff through with the 2 consecutive hits. Thus, there's only one way left. I have to borrow the Blue Rose Sword from Eugeo, and at this point, I could use the strongest 4 consecutive hit skills with that sword.
If I asked Eugeo, he would definitely agree, but to be honest, I'm still somewhat hesitant. The Blue Rose Sword belonged to Eugeo, and the sword had the soul of a swordsman. This belief was already ingrained deeply in my mind. For some reason, I couldn't imagine myself using my best skills because of this conscious restriction of this idea that it was a borrowed item. However, I couldn't borrow the swords with highest priority from the Academy's armory, and those weren't my swords.
It can't be helped then. Looks like I have to borrow the Blue Rose Sword. I made this decision and said,
“—I understand. But sorry, please give me one day. Tomorrow, at the same time, I'll definitely show you... the best sword skills I can show.”
Once I finished, Liena-sempai's lips showed a slight smile on her face, but seemed to quickly realize something as she frowned,
“But it's a rest day tomorrow. Training is forbidden. You can't use this training arena.”
“...This isn't training.”
I answered. For some reason, sempai showed a somewhat intrigued expression as she tilted her head,
“Then, what is it?”
“Eh, to put it...”
I rearranged my words slightly and said out what I thought,
“It's a gift. You taught me a lot of things during this one year, sempai. I heard that there's a tradition in the Academy, that the valet has to give the senior a gift on the day before graduation. I'll give you a sword skill, sempai. If it's a gift, it'll be fine even if it's a rest day.”
These words of mine caused sempai to show a little wry smile.
“You never changed at all. I never heard of using a sword skill as a graduation gift before... But at this point, I might as well tell you this...”
“Eh... What is it?”
“The truth is, the fact that I named you as my valet would be a breaking of tradition. It's a stupid tradition here... that «Noble children have to choose other nobles of a lower class when choosing a valet». When I named you, many noble representatives came to the swordsmen trainee dorm to protest.”
“Fufufu.” Liena-sempai let out a slightly weird laugh, but my lips couldn't help but become numb as this was the first time I heard of such a thing...
The nobility sempai was referring to was the special class of the Norlangarth Empire, all of them ranked from «First class Nobility» to «Sixth Class Nobility», and ranked above them would be the royal family. Chairman Uolo's Levanteinn family was of Second class Nobility, while the Serlut family was of Third class. In other words, they were of a higher position than the Zakkaria leader's family that were of Fifth Class.
In contrast, the me in this world (and in real life) was an ordinary civilian amongst civilians, and undoubtedly, I would be the lowest class of the population. If we're talking about someone who's not a noble, but very famous in the social world and had lots of land— I would have to mention the chief of Rulid Village, Gasupht Schuberg, and Banou Wolde, whose house Eugeo and I resided in. These had family names after their own names, but the lowest of the lowest people weren't even allowed to do so.
It was only after Eugeo and I managed to enroll in the Imperial Sword Mastery Academy that most of the students here were mostly nobles and children of rich merchants; those of common birth formed only 20% of the whole. It was a complete double standard during enrollment. Eugeo and I had to spend half a year getting the Zakkaria captain's recommendation letter required for the examination, but once I realized that the nobles could take part without any conditions, I felt like sending a letter of complaint to the Liberal Arts Department.
Anyway, once I got enrolled, in terms of school rules, the nobles weren't treated any differently from those of common birth... But there was an invisible difference. I (and Eugeo was most likely the same), spent a year ignoring the rumors others spread, but I never thought once that this was because Liena-sempai chose me as her valet.
“Since... Since there was such a custom, why did you still choose me...? If it were based on entrance ranking, there were 6 others above me. They're all nobles, so if you chose one of them, there probably won't be any disputes...”
“But those 6 merely earned points through performances, right? I have no interest in the beauty of the style. To me, your performance was the most exciting instead of what the testers chose... No, instead of it being exciting, I should say...”
Liena-sempai did not continue as she shut her mouth, showed a slight smile, and continued,
“...At this point, I won't say why I chose you. That's because I'll be graduating soon. More than that, let's talk about tomorrow. If the gift you're going to give me is a display of the Aincrad-style secret moves, I'll gladly accept it, Kirito.”
“Ah, ye-yes. Glad that you'll like it.”
“...However, I'm a little concerned. Based on the explanation you gave just now, it seemed that you decided on things here because you forgot that you had to give me a gift— I suppose I can interpret it this way...”
“No, of course not, how can that be! I had been thinking of that ever since the beginning. Really!”
I hurriedly denied it. “That's it for now then.” Liena-sempai showed a cool expression, and it changed,
“We'll leave that for later. It's time to decide the winner in our match.”
“Eh? —Ah.”
At this point, I remembered that we're still in a sparring match. However, before I could even make a proper response, the wooden swords that were slightly touching each other gave a strong feedback. It wasn't a sword skill, but rather, one of the few parrying skills of the Serlut style «Still Water» that was used to blow the opponent away while the swords were touching.
I jumped back forcefully, not taking this hit head on. Unlike the «Active Water» move from before, the «Still Water» would give a very strong burden to the legs, and after use, there would be a short pause. Also, sempai didn't have the whip in her left hand.
Let's end this with a forward leap. I landed, and raised my sword high up.
At this moment, I felt a chill down my spine.
Liena-sempai was definitely wielding the wooden sword with both hands— But the whip that was supposed to be behind her disappeared. Where exactly did it disappear to!? I widened my eyes, but I couldn't stop my sword skill. The one handed charge attack «Sonic Leap» was activated, and the blade let out a blue glow...
At exactly the same time as the sword skill was activated.
Liena-sempai's left hand moved away from the wooden sword and reached above. She looked like she grabbed onto something as she then swung it out. A white snake-like thing came flying out from her palm, right at me, wrapping around my body that was about to charge in.
The whip I thought flew far away was actually at the ceiling above the court. It had been dangling there while our blades were clashed.
As I realized this, I fell backwards and the back of my head slammed into the floor.
I blankly stared at the stars that appeared in my sight, and seemed to sense a deep sigh 'haa' coming from my forehead.
Part 2[edit]
The Norlangarth Imperia, the largest city in the Human World «Centoria» was a fortified city surrounded by a circular wall 10km in diameter... or in the units in this world, 10 kilolu.
The first level of the floating city of Aincrad was also a circle with a 10km diameter. In other words, these two large areas are exactly the same area and shape. This city had a size that was inexplicable for a city in the virtual world, and the population here was over 20,000.
Also, this city had a rather unique structure. The sturdy city walls that meet in an X intersection divided the streets into 4 areas. To put it in another perspective, these 4 walls that intersect at right angles formed a fan shape as they gathered.[3] What was most shocking was that these four cities were all called «North Centoria», «East Centoria», «West Centoria» and «South Centoria», the capitals of the 4 Empires that ruled the vast Human World.
In other words— the capitals of the 4 Great Imperials were all in the middle of this Human World, all separated by a mere wall.
I was shocked once I realized this. The king and the main army, the Knights' Headquarters, would definitely be there in the capital. Wouldn't it skip straight to the final battle if a war breaks out? — I nearly said these words to Eugeo, but managed to stop myself. In this world, where thieving, let alone killing, wouldn't happen at all, it would be impossible for wars to happen between the Empires.
Even though an identification handprint was needed to cross the large marble wall —seemed like it was called the «Immortal Wall»— on closer look the North Centoria we're in had quite a few black-haired Eastern Empire people, tanned Southern Empire people and skinny Western people who were merchants or tourists. They were all foreigners, but maybe owing to the shared language (though there were some accents), there were no disputes between them.
I couldn't even feel animosity against other countries, let alone war. The reason for this was definitely the pure white tower that was standing at the center of the Capital, the center of the Human World.
The Axiom Church's Centoria Cathedral.
The top always looked to be shrouded, seemingly melted within the sky, so I could not see exactly how many hundred meters tall it was. It probably looked very majestic when viewed from the bottom, but the squarish Church ground was surrounded by the tall walls as well, so it would be impossible to peek inside. The «Immortal Wall» that stood in the center of the streets of Centoria was connected tightly to the four corners of the white Cathedral walls... or rather, it would be more appropriate to say that the walls extended out from the Cathedral.
On a side note, this Immortal Wall not only covered the streets of Centoria. It also reaches through the city walls, extends out through the grasslands, forests, deserts, all the way to the bottom of the endless «Mountain Range at the Edge», 750km away. Naturally, this world did not have construction machinery or anything like that, so it was scary imagining exactly how much time and manpower was required to build this wall.
That meant that the authority of the Axiom Church was absolute.
This magnificent tower, this castle, where one could see the 4 Empires the Kings lived in from above, stood in the middle of the Human World. Perhaps, in this Underworld, the designation between people of different countries was about the same as the «residents of Tokyo» and «residents of Saitama» to me— that was the feeling I had.
Then, exactly what was the need to divide the Human World that did not have even 100,000 people into 4 Countries? My mind had this question, and up till now, I still hadn't found an answer. At the same time, I had no idea why there was an Axiom Church that existed above the countries.
In the Axiom Church, there were civil officers like «priests» and «patriarchs», and also military officers called the «Integrity Knight», but there weren't a lot of them. It seemed that there were less than 100. Liena-sempai told me this before. In contrast, the total number of knights and soldiers in the 4 Empires was around 2000 people. However, there were no records of the kings rebelling against the Church before... Was this because even the kings couldn't go against the Church and the Taboo Index? Or that several Integrity Knights were still stronger than the army of 2000? Or is it a combination of both—?
The majesty of the Centoria Cathedral that grew into the sky could be seen anywhere in the campus of the Master Arts Academy. Once I ended my final practice-in-name with Liena-sempai, I walked out of the elite swordsmen dorm quickly, through this still slightly cold spring evening, and looked up at the large white tower that was dyed orange and blue afar.
At this point, is the observer, who's standing on the roof of that tower and looking down at this Human World, someone from the real world like me? Or is he too a person of Underworld, an Artificial Fluctlight? Even if our plan could be carried out successfully, it will take another year and a half for me to find the answer to this question. Of course, if the acceleration of 1000 times occurred without a hitch, only 10 hours would have passed in reality, but it was still a long time from my perspective.
It had been 2 years since I awoke in the forest near Rulid village. During these two years, I had been hounded with countless sleepless nights that caused me to tremble, by the anxiety over the lack of grasp on the situation and the yearning to meet Asuna, Suguha, my parents and my friends.
But at the same time— I had a bit of fear about finding the «exit» at the top of the Cathedral. Once I logged out from this world, it would mean that I would be saying goodbye to the many people in this world. Selka and the other children I had not met for a long time, the few friends I made at school, Sortiliena-sempai who had been watching over me and trained me as her valet for this past year, and naturally, my one and only «partner» Eugeo.
Ever since a long time ago, I couldn't treat them as simple AIs. Other than the small difference of being in a different soul medium, they were humans like me too. We spent 2 years moving from Rulid to Zakkaria, and finally to Centoria, and I had a firm belief of this during this time.
No, it wasn't just a simple love of friendship with Eugeo and the rest. To this inexplicably wide and beautiful world, I...
I cut off my thoughts at this point, took a deep breath, and buried it deep within me.
I looked up at where I was headed, and an old looking building appeared in my sights. The stone building was 2 stories tall, and the roof was laid with green slate tiles. This was the dormitory where the 120 trainees of the Centoria Sword Mastery Academy lived.
If possible, I really wanted to leap into the roof of the second level to get back into my room to reduce the hassle, but according to the rules of the dormitory, I couldn't do so. Unlike the elite swordsmen dorm that was rather relaxed, this novice swordsman dorm and the intermediate trainee dorm that was located slightly further away had strict rules similar to the Knights of Blood in the old SAO.
I made up my mind and walked up the stone steps at the front entrance, being ever cautious as I pushed aside the doors of the dorm. I tentatively stepped into the entrance lobby, took 1, 2 steps in— and suddenly, there was a slight cough from the right side. Nerve-wracked, I turned over to look at the source of the voice, and exchanged looks with the woman sitting behind the counter. The tea colored hair was tied up properly, and her appearance was the embodiment of the term 'stern'. She was on the older side of 25 here.
I put my left arm as close to my waist as possible, put my right fist on the left side of my chest, gave a 'Knight's Salute', and loudly declared,
“NOVICE TRAINEE KIRITO HAS RETURNED BACK TO THE DORM!”
“...But it seemed that you were later than the specified time by 38 minutes.”
Watches didn't exist in this world, so humans could only check the time through the «Bells of Time-Telling» located all over the city, including the Academy, which chimed every 30 minutes. Normally, one would require a specialized high level spell to accurately tell the time, but for some reason, she— Miss Azurika, the dorm supervisor, seemed to be using some outside system skill or something else to know that the time was 5.38pm.
I kept my Knight's salute, lowered my voice by quite a bit, and answered,
“That's because I received extended teachings and practical tips from my mentor, elite swordsman Serlut.”
On hearing these words, Sister Azurika stared at me with her blueish-grey eyes. Whether it was the stern presence that surrounded her or the seemingly familiar name, I was reminded of a certain person. I once thought of asking her before I leave “Do you have a relative in the North called Sister Azariya?”, but unfortunately, I hadn't had the chance to do so. Whenever I talked to her, I would most likely get a reminder or a warning, like now,
“...It can't be helped since a valet trainee's duty is to accept the guidance of a swordsman. But Novice Trainee Kirito, perhaps you never used it as a duty, but as an excuse for coming home late... You never cleared this suspicion throughout this past you.”
On hearing this, I moved away from my Knight's salute, put my right hand behind my head, stretched my muscles and forced a smile,
“You-You really like to joke around, Miss Azurika. My aim is only in improving my sword skills, you know? Coming back late is just a side effect. I never intended on it being my main motive, definitely not!'
“I see. So you spent a year working so hard until you broke the curfew limit. Looks like you might have trained yourself to such a refined extent. If you really want to see the results of your training, I'll be really glad to be your sparring partner, you know?”
"Hukk." I froze again the moment I heard this.
Miss Azarika's Sacred Task was to be the 'North Centoria Sword Mastery Academy, Novice Trainee Dorm Supervisor', and not as a swordsmanship instructor. However, the adults in this Academy were basically all graduates here, so in other words, their proficiency in sword skills weren't ordinary. Every single student here knew that students who didn't break the rules, but did something against them, would be given a horrifying special remedial by her, a Nolgea-style user.
Then, what would happen if there were students who broke the rules— Luckily, such things would not happen. The people living in this world, the Artificial Fluctlights had a unique trait of 'being unable to resist a superior rule'. There was only one exception, me, someone of a different Fluctlight medium.
On thinking about it, it had been a miracle that I never once broke the school rules during this past year. I swallowed this thought that I had nearly spat out, and shook my head hard.
“No, why would I dare to bother you, Azurika-sensei? I just finished my first year of training.”
“Really? Then, let me see the results of your training once you finish your second year course.”
“...Yes, definitely.”
I had to lower my head and pray earnestly that she would forget about this during the next year as I took a step back. Miss Azarika finally turned her eyes back onto the document in her hands and said,
“It'll be dinner time in 17 minutes. Try not to be late.”
"Ye-Yes! Please excuse me!"
I finally bowed, quickly turned around, and dashed up the large stairs on the front side at the maximum speed allowed. Eugeo and I live in room 206 on the second level. There were 10 people living in the room, but the other 8 guys were all somewhat good guys. Those from room 106, where the girls live, and this room 206 were all students with commoner backgrounds. The remaining 100 people were all children of nobility and rich merchants. This was to prevent some awkward interactions in the room... and some other reasons like this. I fluidly avoided the students who were chatting and laughing away in the corridor as they headed towards the cafeteria, opened the door on the far end of the west side, and the moment I walked into the room—
“You're so slow, Kirito!”
A voice greeted me.
Naturally, the one who spoke was the partner sitting on the second to last bed on the right...no, the partner who had stood up, Eugeo.
The body that stood up as he put his hands on his hips was about 3cm taller than 2 years ago, and the physique was a lot sturdier. This was to be expected, since he turned 19 this year— However, that gentle face and the glint in those green eyes never changed at all ever since the time I first met him. During these two years, there were many unhappy events, whether it was during the latter half of the first year in the Zakkaria guards squadron, and the second year when we were learning in this Academy, but that steadfast and upright soul of his never showed a single moment of twistedness.
In contrast, if we're talking about me, I never changed personally, but the scary thing was that my physique had changed just like my partner. I got taller, and my muscles got firmer. I was 17 when I fell into this world. In other words, that meant that there had been a 2 year time difference between me in the real world and me in the Underworld.
After I spent 2 years in SAO before escaping, I went through a rather distinct discomfort, but as I looked at things at this point, it seemed that I might have to spend 3—4 years before getting out... as I continued thinking about such things in a corner of my mind, I walked towards my partner, made a 'sorry' hand gesture with my right hand, and then spoke up,
“Sorry for making you wait. My training with Liena-sempai this time was extra long...”
“...Well, it's the last time today, so it's not like I don't understand.”
Eugeo glanced at me as he said. After that, he suddenly showed a slight smile.
“But in fact, I too was late by 12 minutes. I got too engrossed in talking with Gorgolosso-sempai while in his room.”
"What, so you were just upstairs... But that's kinda unexpected. I thought Losso-sempai would definitely be someone who would use swords to give his final teachings."
I walked by Eugeo, got to the innermost bed that was near the wall and built together with a desk, and put my gloves, elbow pads and knee pads into the drawer. If this were the real world, the protective gear for kendo would soon give a disgusting odor if I left it like this, but there wasn't a need to worry about such a thing when bacteria didn't exist in this world. The uniform that was thoroughly soaked in sweat due to practice just now dried up unknowingly — even though Liena-sempai never sweated at all right from the beginning till the end.
After finally freeing myself from the weight, I lifted my head, and Eugeo gave a wry smile as he answered.
“You shouldn't view Gosso-sempai that way, he actually focuses a lot on theory too... No, it's not right to say that. He said that the mental and aesthetic aspects are important too...”
“Ahh, I can understand that. The Baltoh style that guy uses feels like it focuses more on one-hit-beatdowns compared to the Nolgea style.”
“That's right. The basis of our Aincrad style is to respond at critical moments. However, sempai often told me, 'Sometimes, swordsmen have to stake everything on their firm unshakeable momentum to let out a huge hit!' ...I guess this would be the last of the loose ends for today.”
“I see. That might truly be the case. Now that you mention it, I did feel that your sword moves have become heavier recently... But if I say it, what about me if I combine the Aincrad-style where I have to respond at the crucial moments and the ever changing Serlut-style?”
—Both of us walked out of the room as we exchanged this conversation.
It seemed like the other 8 people from our room already left for the cafeteria since we couldn't see them in the corridor. In this dorm, the only rule about dinner would be that we had to finish our meals before 7pm, so we could reach there slightly later than 6, but we would get into trouble if we miss the prayer before dinnertime. To the other students who were of noble birth, we're just 'arrogant guys who're of mere common birth, yet chosen to be one of the 12 valets'.
We accelerated to maximum battle speed and headed to the large cafeteria on the Eastern-most side. It was no mere coincidence that the commoner students' rooms were located the furthest from the cafeteria. I heard that the elite swordsmen trainee's dorms were similarly the furthest for commoners, but in April, we won't have to take this long road— I guess. That's because we were the top 12 students during the promotion exam at the end of the month, and our future roles as elite swordsmen trainees were confirmed.
At this moment, it seemed that Eugeo was thinking about the same thing as he softly spoke,
“...There are not many days to 'walk quickly down the corridor' left.”
“Ahh, compared to here, the elite swordsmen trainee dorm is complete freedom... But Eugeo, there's something I'm still not used to regarding the life of an elite swordsman trainee...”
“I know without you telling me. It's about having a valet trainee, right?”
“Nice answer. I'm happy that I got to help Liena-sempai do things and accept her guidance... But if I stand in the position of a sempai...”
“Yeah... I don't know what will happen if a noble child becomes a valet...”
Both of us let out a long sigh.
At this moment, we finally finished walking down the long corridor. We pushed aside the door in front of us, and the buzzing atmosphere rushed out from within, surrounding us. The cafeteria occupied both the first and second level, and was the only common facility the guys and girls would use together. Most of the guys, who formed the majority of the 120 students, were sitting together at their tables, and the same goes for the girls, but in the middle, there were some highly skilled people of both genders chatting away and laughing. In that sense, there's not too much of a difference compared to the real world.
Eugeo and I hurriedly walked down the stairs, took the trays that had dinner served from the counter, and went to an empty table in a corner. Then, the 6 o'clock bell rang. Seems like we weren't late. I heaved a slight sigh of relief.
The male student (naturally, a high ranked noble) who was the dorm master stood up and offered a prayer to the Axiom Church. All the students then called in unison «Awai Ardmina». I had no idea what these words were about at all. Finally, it was time to eat.
The dinner menu tonight was deep fried whitefish with vanilla sauce, salad, root vegetable soup and two buns. These weren't much different from the meals prepared by the Church in Rulid Village and the Zakkaria farm, so it was really surprising to see a school with a large number of nobles serving such wild food, but they didn't show any displeasure as they naturally tucked in.
That was because, even though they were nobles, their lifestyles were unexpectedly simple— or not. It seemed that the unique «Space Resource» in Underworld was the reason for this. To elaborate on this, there's the system, 'a limit to how many objects can be produced in a certain area'. That meant that they could only obtain a certain amount of crops, livestock, wild animals and fish during a certain amount of time, and the limit couldn't be broken through.
If the nobles hoarded a large amount of food, there will be some amongst the civilians who would starve to death. Their Life will be reduced. This was something the Taboo Index forbade, 'that other people's Life was not to be reduced without a valid reason', and even nobles or the kings couldn't do so. Thus, in this way, the insistence of having this kind of food is related to maintaining Life, and hoarding food was forbidden ever since the beginning... or so it seemed to be the case.”
But even if they weren't demanding for food to be luxurious, it didn't mean that the nobles were all nice people.
“...That's really inspirationally envying, Lord Raios!”
The moment we inadvertently heard such words from behind us, Eugeo and I showed irritated looks.


“We spent so much toil and sweat cleaning the cafeteria, but some people just needed to come in leisurely and have their food. Isn't that really envious?”
Another voice said this line that was obviously meant for others to hear,
“Well, don't say that, Humbert. The Valet Trainees must be working hard in areas we can't see as well.”
“Kuku, that's true. I heard that valet trainees have to follow whatever their mentors tell them.”
“If, we end up meeting some mentor of common background or some forbidden background, we won't know what we'll be forced to do.”
We'll end up caught in their taunt if we react. That was why I merely turned my back on them and concentrated on moving my fork. But even though I managed to contain my outburst, I couldn't hold back my rage inside. If it were just Eugeo and me, fine, but their 'common background' here would refer to Eugeo's mentor, Gorgolosso-sempai, and the one with a 'forbidden' background was my mentor, Sortiliena-sempai.
Their patterns of finding trouble with us weren't limited to mocking our mentors. They had been trying to taunt us right from the beginning when they first said that 'some people just needed to come in leisurely'. Even though there were many other valet trainees here beside Eugeo and me, we were the only ones who came in just when it was about time for dinner. In other words, these taunts were already targeted at us.
We met several annoying guys in Zakkaria town before. During the Swordsmanship tournament, that Egome Zakkalight I fought had quite the standard in terms of being snobbish, but the way guys against us in this Academy twist their words really impressed me. This was one of the reasons why the idea that 'the residents in this world are all Artificial Fluctlights, AIs' was completely erased from my mind, and maybe it was because of the rich vocabulary they had.
“...Either way, just hang on for a few days.”
The one who spoke up softly was Eugeo, sitting beside me and tearing the bread.
These words had the meaning of 'we're about to become trainee swordsmen, we're going to different dorms from those guys'. To Eugeo, these might be some competitive words, but they weren't baseless thoughts.
Amongst the 120 Novice Trainees, only 12 would become «Valet Trainees», and they were all chosen by the 12 «Elite Swordsmen» second years from the top freshmen.
Once someone became a valet, there would be no need for them to clean the dorm or repair their equipment. However, after school, the valet had to head to the swordsman trainee rooms, their mentors' rooms, clean their rooms, serve them personally, and act as their sparring opponents.
None of the two who were saying these sarcastic words were named to be valets, which meant that they had worse grades than Eugeo and I during enrollment. During this one year, they had been fluctuating between the 20s and 30s, so it wasn't unreasonable for Eugeo to predict that they wouldn't be swordsmen trainees.
...But in fact, what was going on...?


I continued to mutter to myself deep within my mind as I raised my dinner knife, staring at the figures behind me that were reflected off the shiny silver blade.
The two guys that were sitting at a table slightly far away were continuing with their sarcastic conversation as they continued to look over. The one sitting on the left with grey hair combed behind, covering the back of the head, was called Humbert Zizek, and he should be a 4th class noble's kid. On the right, the student with his wavy blond hair tied behind was the eldest son of a certain 3rd class noble's son called Raios Antinos. In this Academy, first class noble students didn't exist (it seemed that they could already hire a personal teacher and thus be their student at that point), and those of second class noble birth were Uolo Levanteinn and some others. Thus, 3rd class nobles were a rather respected group here.
However, not all high ranked noble students were like that. I didn't actually interact much with them, but Chairman Uolo was always a very silent warrior, and Liena-sempai, who was from a 3rd class noble family just like Raios, was completely upright and civilized.
In any case, Raios and Humbert were completely of the 'young lords who were all talk and no bite' kind of people... But is that really all to them? I had been wondering. I didn't know whether it was lucky of me or not, but I never had anything to say to time as I never fought them before, but there's a possibility that they were taking it easy during the periodic exams every 3 months... Even during the entrance exams.
Naturally, the reason why they did this was due to the fact that the top 12 students would all be chosen to be the valets to the elite swordsmen trainees. In this Academy, this would usually be an honorable thing, but for Raios and the rest who undoubtedly were the most proud in school, they might be lowering their rank on purpose to avoid being asked by their mentors to do this and that.
Of course, this was some baseless guess, but in actual practice, I felt a chilling pressure after I saw their «styles». I felt that absolute self-conceitedness only those high-ranked nobles would have, and the power of imagination that came from within.
“...Oi Kirito, the plate's empty.”
Eugeo jabbed me with an elbow, and I finally noticed it. I had been using the fork in my left hand to poke at the empty salad bowl that was already empty. I hurriedly put down the knife in my right hand and intended to slice the fried fish, but found that the fried fish had already disappeared unknowingly. It seemed that I was too focused on Raios's group and didn't have time to enjoy the dinner time, the second moment when I was happiest. Hadn't I been baited by them?
And also, the thing that made me most happy, the training time with Liena-sempai ended today—...
No, not yet. My job as a valet ended officially today, but tomorrow, during the rest day, there's an important promise; The promise to show off my sword skills.
I finally remembered something important, put down my fork and knife, and brought my face over to Eugeo,
“Listen to me, Eugeo. I have something I want to say to you later. After dinner, come over to the courtyard with me.”
“I see, okay. I was wondering how your 'flower garden' is doing now, Kirito.”
“Fufu, it's doing well. Definitely able to make it in time for the graduation ceremony.”
“Heh, looking forward to it.”
Once we ended our whisper, we took our trays and got up. We went by Raios's group that was still yapping away, leaving them behind, and we hurried ourselves as our noses were nearly numbed by the heavy animal-like fragrance they applied on themselves.
Once we returned our utensils to the counter, we walked out of the cafeteria and breathed hard at the same time.
The bell that rang a few minutes ago rang again, so right now, the time is just past 6.30pm. It's free time from now till 10pm, but we couldn't leave the dorm, and at 8pm, we had to return to our rooms. Thus, we could only carry out training or study during this time— But there was one more piece of homework I had to do after dinner everyday.
On the west side of the dorm (opposite to the cafeteria), there was a small door, and there was a small garden outside. The garden was surrounded by tall metal fences, and though there was no roof, it was still considered within the dorm.
The squarish garden was divided into 4 blocks of flower beds. Each flower bed had different plants, that were sprouting, or blooming. Some students were assigned to maintain these flowers, but these flowers were not simply used for viewing. These 4 kinds of flowers were catalyst materials used for Sacred Arts lessons. The flowers were planted every 3 months, so fruits could be cultivated all year. Once the dried fruits were crushed by the fingers, the Sacred power would be released from within, and the students use this Sacred power as a resource for Spell practice.
Of course, the Earth and the Sun continued to provide resources, but the Earth's power in the city was weak, and the Sun would be affected by the weather as well. There was a need for energy in forms other than Space Sacred Arts so that the 120 students every year could use their spells reliably.
Like how it was in spring at this point, the flowers that bloomed this season were the blue Anemones on the North East side. It seemed to be of high priority like the Marigolds in Summer, the Dahlias in autumn and Cattleya in Winter... In other words, they were flowers that gave the most resources.
Their importance could also be seen by how they kept the same name and appearance from their counterparts in the real world throughout the approximately 380 years the Underworld existed, where the lifeforms in it underwent quite a number of unique changes. However, I wasn't very sure whether even the ecosystem was based on reality.
Once these flowers wilted, they would bear ball-shaped fruit. Once someone used the fingertips to crush them, the green light (Sacred Power) would float out... So this didn't look like it had anything to do with real life.
During the Sacred Arts lessons, the teacher mentioned before that besides the «4 Great Holy Flowers», there was a miraculous plant called «Rose» that gave ample resources and would bear fruit several times every year. The civilians, and even the nobles and kings, weren't allowed to plant them. If one wanted to see them, they had to head to the rare spots where they grow in mountains. Once I heard that, I realized that I never saw a real rose ever since I came into this world. In that case, there was a valid right for it to be used as the sign of a Sacred Tool.
I continued to stare and enjoy watching the beautiful Anemones as I immediately went through the cross-shaped pathway and headed west. There was a large metal shed at the end, and the shovels, hose and other gardening equipment were placed in there neatly.
At a reclusive spot in the shed, there was a small flower pot. Eugeo and I squatted down in front of it.
“Really, its growing well. Isn't it bearing fruit here?”
I nodded deeply once I heard my partner's words,
“Failed 3 times already. It will be great if it can bloom this time...”
What we grew in the flower pot was a plant with sharp leaves that was almost completely blue. Its name was Zephyria, and I guessed it was a rare plant in Underworld. It wouldn't release much resources, but it had a shocking amount of beauty...at least we thought it would. As for why we didn't know? That was because Eugeo and I and everyone in the Norlangarth Empire had never seen a real Zephyria before.
This Zephyria flower was a plant grown on the other side of the «Immortal Wall», a plant from the «Wesdarath Empire». No one planted this in the North Empire, let alone it growing wild here.
There are trades between the empires, though they aren't major, so it shouldn't be surprising to see flowers and anything related to planting. However, this wasn't the case. The reason was that there was no such Sacred Task like a «Flower Merchant», and the reason why it didn't exist was that 'flowers that can't be eaten should just be planted out of personal interest. It's a waste of Sacred Power to sell it'. There exist 'herb merchants', and they would plant seeds in the farms, but only the 4 Sacred seeds. The world revolves around making use of this ideology effectively.
Then, where did I get this pot of Zephyria flowers from—?
“I believe this is the last batch of seeds you got, right, Kirito?”
I nodded once I heard Eugeo's question.
“Ahh, this is the last... final chance. The uncle from the spice shop said that the next supply will come next autumn.”
—Yes, even if no one sells flowers, there will be people selling seeds. When Zephyria seeds are ground into powder, they would let out a fragrant vanilla-like sweet smell. Thus, a few seeds would be imported from the West empire as a spice for some desserts... this was something I caught wind of last autumn.
At that time, I basically never did use my money, the salary I earned as a Zakkaria guard, so I bought as much as I could from the spice merchant —however, he had only a small bag of seeds— and tried to let them grow.
There were two reasons why I suddenly had an interest in gardening.
First, this was an experiment on this thing that's hidden deep within this world, the «Imagine System» I named.
The Spice Merchant uncle told me that Zephyria flowers definitely would not be able to grow in Norlangarth grounds. I thought of using the soil from the West Empire to grow it, and even ran all the way to the borders of the Central suburbs and dug some soil. However, the first seed I put in never grew, and soon, the Life dropped to zero as it disappeared in the flower pot. However, this wasn't decided by the people in the real world who designed and operated this Underworld. This flower was different from Anemones and Cattleyas and the like; it doesn't exist in the real world.
Then, why would Zephyria flowers grow in the West Empire, but not in the North Empire?
That's definitely because— the people in this world firmly believed so. The imagination which the residents called fettered knowledge caused the parameters of the «Zephyria» in the main memory to become like that. Then, if, if I had an imagination that was 10 times stronger than the «Common sense of the residents» and gathered them on these dozens of seeds, would I be able to rewrite the parameters, even if it was for just a while...?
Using one's own power to overcome many thousand people's worth of imagination may sound really far-fetched, but in fact, what would happen?
What I wanted to challenge was the old-fashioned common knowledge that had been spreading down through word of mouth ever since many hundred years ago. In today's Underworld, not a lot of people would be thinking Zephyria can only grow in the West Empire!...or maybe there might not even be one. In other words, the parameters of the Zephyria in the main memory didn't have a really powerful shackle.
Then, if I continued to repeat this every day, if I gather my imagination on them... No, if I prayed for them to bloom every day, wouldn't it be possible for me to overcome that old-fashioned common sense?
Having considered this, I started watering these flowers since last autumn with water and imagination.
At first, it failed, and I failed the second time. But on the third time, the seed sprouted by about 5mm. It was about to wilt, but this was already a result of breaking through the 'impossible'. I dumped all of the remaining seeds in this fourth experiment, and would come over here every day, before I go for classes in the morning, and after dinner, and muttered to them while gathering more concentration than before, saying "You definitely must sprout, grow and bear beautiful flowers."
Recently, if I muttered such things to them, I would occasionally see a faint glow from the tender sprout. No matter what, this should be my eyes...or my consciousness playing tricks on me, but I believed that that the 23 sprouts I see in this flower pot would definitely bear beautiful flowers.
“Here, Kirito. I got the water.”
“...Ah, so sorry.”
It seemed that Eugeo had filled the watering can for me while I was squatting down in front of the flower pot here. I thanked him, received the watering can, and my partner smiled at me as he said,
“But speaking of which, Kirito, we have been together for two years, but I didn't know you had such an interest.”
“Yeah well, actually, I actually don't know why...”
This was just a random answer, and there wasn't any deep meaning behind it. However, Eugeo changed expressions as he went closer to me, before saying,
“Nope, this is a sign that you're recovering your memories. You probably grew flowers at home before you appeared in Rulid, Kirito... Or maybe your original Sacred Task was something like that or so.”
On hearing that, I couldn't help but stare at my partner's face blankly. I then hurriedly cleared my throat and said,
“I-I see...why then? I have no knowledge of plants at all. All I did was learn from the pruner Miller and the rest.”
I basically nearly forgot all about it, but I was a «Lost Child of Vector»... A human who had his memories taken by the Dark God Vector and thrown into a land far away from a village. In the Academy, my birthplace profile was recorded as Rulid, so Eugeo was the only student here who knew of my 'designation'. Also, he had never mentioned anything about my memories to me recently, so I thought he didn't mind anymore— but it didn't seem to be like that.
On hearing my answer, Eugeo nodded slightly, but didn't continue as he turned his stare to the flower pot,
“Alright, hurry up and water it. They're telling us to hurry up.”
“Oh, so you can hear them speak now, Eugeo-kun?”
“Of course, I've been taking care of them with Kirito-kun.”
That's all for jokes as I got ready in front of the flower pot and started muttering in my heart.
...The pot is rather small, but it's your country. Nothing can threaten you. You have to bask in the sunlight, take in the water and open up your moving flowers.
I let this imagination of mine enter the water in the watering can, and swayed my right hand slightly. The water droplets landed on the slightly blue thin stem and leaves of the Zephyria, moisturizing them, flowed down and disappeared in the black dirt.
At this moment, I seemed to see a warm glow surrounding the 23 stalks.
Is it an imagination like before? Or— as I thought about this, I turned to look at Eugeo beside me, but he seemed to have his eyes closed and didn't notice this. As I turned my gaze back to the flower pot, the white light disappeared without a trace.
I was really sorry to Eugeo, who was doing this with me for the sake of my interest (an excuse for an experiment), but I never told him that this was a Zephyria flower. He thought these were just some unknown seeds I got from the market.
The reason why I didn't tell him the truth was that if I told him, Eugeo's common sense would have eroded my imagination. The aim of my experiment wasn't to fight in a battle of wills against my partner, and this was definitely not my personal wish. To be honest, I was always afraid that when we have sparring exams between elite swordsmen trainees, I would have to face Eugeo...
“...Hey, Kirito.”
Suddenly, I was called by Eugeo, who widened his eyes. I instinctively turned around to look, but, though this naturally wasn't a voice in my mind, what Eugeo said next was completely out of my expectations,
“Kirito, if you gain all your memories, what will you do after that...?”
“Eh...? What should I do? What do you mean?”
“You see, Kirito, you're working hard, learning to be a swordsman in this Academy... to finally become an Integrity Knight. You just need to accompany me to finish my goal, isn't that right? My aim is to get to Alice, who was taken by the Axiom Church 8 years ago, but... If you recovered your memories and think of your hometown...”
...You'll definitely want to go back, right?
Eugeo didn't say it out as he asked me with his eyes instead.
Do I want to go back to my hometown? —Naturally, my answer would be 'yes'. However, my hometown isn't anywhere in Underworld. The one place that had my house, where everyone's waiting for me, is a country called Japan in the real world, outside this world.
If I want to log out from here, I have to find the System Admin or the System Console or something like that. And if I have to guess where such things would be, that would be the Central department of the Axiom Church Centoria Cathedral. Thus, I had a different reason for becoming an Integrity Knight as compared to Eugeo.
I endured the urge to tell off my partner, no, my good friend, kindly; moved the empty bottle to his left hand and patted on his back with my empty right hand. I put my hand on his back and silently spoke up,
“...No, even if I really regain my memories, I won't go back. I definitely feel that I was once a «Swordsman» from where I came from... Even if I had an interest like planting flowers, wouldn't it be my ultimate goal to aim for the Centoria Four Empires Unity Tournament?”
“...”
On hearing my words, Eugeo's back let out a slight tremble.
He kept his small crouching position as he lowered his head with the flaxen-colored hair deeply and spoke in a barely audible voice.
“...I'm, really a weak person. If I had never met you under the Gigas Cedar, I would probably just be swinging my axe every single day. I would only use my Sacred Task as an excuse and never think of seriously leaving the village... and finally, forget about Alice...”
Eugeo stared at the brick beside him, and said out his inner thoughts with a teeny-weeny voice,
“...It was the same when I joined the Zakkaria guards, and the same when I was able to come to Centoria to take part in this Sword Mastery Academy. It's because you were in front of me that I was able to do so, Kirito. So at least... I have to be as strong as you before I graduate, Kirito, that's what I thought. But, when you said that you won't head back to your hometown even if you regained your memories... I felt relieved for a moment...”
My hand felt a jerk.
I exerted strength into my right hand, and started muttering silently like what I did to the flowers. You're very strong, you're the one who decided to leave the village for your goal in this world that has numerous laws, rules and all sorts of binds. I muttered.
“...I say, listen to me, I can't possibly head to Central alone.”
As I muttered in my heart, I said this to him.
“I didn't know the way, I couldn't memorize the laws of the Empire... And most importantly, I didn't even have a single Shears. The reason why we were able to be in the Academy like this is because both of us had been together. It will be the same from today onwards. If we don't work together, we won't be able to beat those noble young lords and ladies and the elites of the Imperial Knights who started learning since the moment they learned to walk. It's too late to work hard alone and become an Integrity Knight.”
“...”
Even after hearing my words, Eugeo remained silent. But after a while, he whispered back,
“Ahh... Ahh, that's right. We made it all the way here until now. So we have to get into that white tower.”
“Yeah. For that, we have to get the top 12 in this month's periodic tests... Leaving aside practical skills, I really can't understand the Sacred Arts really well... Teach me about those suitable media that react once we get back to the room.”
“...Haha, okay. We'll start with the «Compressed Power» immediately again.”
“Sort-Sorta.”
I patted Eugeo on the back and got up.
Eugeo, who got up a little later, was left with a usual calm smile. At this moment, my partner tilted his head, and seemed to remember something as he said,
“Speaking of which, what did you want to ask me in the canteen?”
“Eh...? Aah, ahh, yeah, I nearly forgot what I wanted to say.”
I turned my body to face him, and spoke in my usual tone,
“Eugeo, can you lend me your «Blue Rose Sword» for use tomorrow?”
“Hmm, okay.”
Eugeo agreed in a seemingly wholehearted manner as he nodded, and then tilted his head,
“But why? Didn't you say that it would be better to practice with the wooden sword because you felt that the feel would be off?”
“That's what I said but... It's like this. I promised Liena-sempai just now that I would show her my real sword skills for the last time. I probably could only use two consecutive hit skills with the wooden sword.”
“Oh, so that's how it is. In that case, you must show off the real Aincrad-style fully. You can use the Blue Rose Sword, but...”
At this moment, Eugeo paused, and then said with a slightly perplexed expression,
“I say, Kirito, did you forget? Tomorrow's rest day would be that day.”
“Eh? What about that day...”
“Oi oi, it's the 7th day of the 3rd month. You were so looking forward to it.”
“...Ah, ahh, is that so? The day that thing's finished? ...Well, it's not that I forgot...but I didn't think that it would take a year....”
“Didn't you forget anyway?”
Ahaha, Eugeo laughed, and asked me again,
“So, how about it? The Blue Rose Sword, or...”
“No, I want to use my own sword. Looks like Stacia-sama had definitely been guiding me. You said you were willing to lend me the sword, sorry.”
“It's alright. Then, let's go back to our room, alright? I'll teach you properly until it's lights out.”
“...Plea-Please spare me.”
I put the watering can back in the shed and ran off to catch up with Eugeo, who was walking out.
I turned back to look at the flower pot for the last time, and saw that at the top of the energetic sapling, the flower bud that had water droplets on it was pointing at the night sky.
The second reason why I decided to plant the Zephyria for this experiment— To be honest, I would hesitate whenever I thought about it.
That's because this reason was a little, no, rather embarrassing.
Part 3[edit]
In Underworld, there existed a wide array of Sacred Tasks, but amongst them, it's basically impossible to find something that belongs to the 'traveler' category.
The 'trade merchants' who crossed the country borders to do sales seemed similar to 'travelers', but it's a little tricky to describe their movements as traveling. That's because they only transported their goods from one corner of this circular Central to another, like from North Centoria to East Centoria, or the other way around. The distance was only about 5km at most.
The villages on the borders seemed to be self-efficient, and medicine or processed metal goods that they couldn't produce were all delivered from the closest towns by horse carriages (for example, it would be Zakkaria for Rulid). Sacred Tasks like «Traveling entertainer» and «Singing bard» didn't exist, so those who wanted to go for vacations during their free time would be obstructed by the one rest day per week limit.
The only exception would be the «Integrity Knights» that could fly a wyvern from Centoria to the Mountain Range at the Edge 750km, but that Sacred Task was too unique.
Thus, the residents of Underworld basically wouldn't move too far. However, this didn't mean that travelling itself was forbidden. They would be allowed to move far away as long as they followed their assigned Sacred Tasks like a Centoria furniture dealer moving to Zakkaria in the distant North. Besides, I myself followed the rule of this world and even went through an entire country.
In other words, it's all up to their personalities if they wanted to go on a journey or not. And as for personalities, 99% of the Underworld residents were all rather conservative.
However, it didn't mean that there wasn't anyone who had such a voracious sense of adventure.
One of them was a craftsman, Sadore, who opened his shop in the 7th district of North Centoria.

“Take a look at this thing!”
As the coarse voice rang, several rectangular stone slabs were thrown right in front of Eugeo and me, letting out rattling sounds. The black stone tablets that had a delicate texture seemed to be whetstones from the Eastern Empire. However, right now, they were all worn down to less than 2cm thickness, and no matter what, it looked like they could not be used anymore.
“This black Corengan whetstone could be used for 3 years, but that thing of yours already broke 6 of mine!”
“Is-Is that so...I-I'm really sorry...”
I continued to earnestly apologize to the shopkeeper who was seething red as I looked around.
In this «Sadore Metalcraft» shop, the metal appliances, ornaments and even weapons were all lined up. Amongst them, the most eye-catching would be the numerous swords hung on the walls deep within the store. Why would a mere handicraft store have swords? The first time Eugeo and I came here, we timidly asked this fierce looking owner. He himself gave a simple answer, “This old me wanted to be a metalworker, so this old me made swords.”
I asked him about what the differences were between a metalworker and a handicraftsman in this world, and unexpectedly, the tools were the only things that were different. A metalworker uses a furnace, an anvil and a hammer to create a product. In contrast, a craftsman uses a chisel, a hammer and a rasp. In other words, it was just a difference of forging and carving.
In the real world, I used two kinds of tools, an «aluminum forge» and an «aluminum chisel» on my mountain bike, so I thought it was somewhat the same... and so when I randomly said that 'if they both produce swords, it's alright to ask a craftsman'. However, when I spoke up, the shop owner Sadore glared at me with an intense stare and said, “Even if the same kind of metal is used, the finished product won't be the same”.
From the way he said this, it seemed that even if the exact same metal slabs were used, a sword that was forged under high temperature would have a higher priority (that Class Object number or something) than chiseling out a sword. Because of this, Sadore seemed to be viewed as an 'impractical fake' when he started out making swords.
At that time, the adventurous and young Sadore was burning with rage and motivation. He worked hard to prepare a year's worth of products, left his shop to his wife and apprentice, and went on a long journey to find a material that would create a better sword by chiseling than by forging.
But even though it was a journey, a craftsman would be unable to gain a permit to leave the country, so he could only move up to North Centoria. For several months, he went from town to town, village to village, found several prospective materials but they didn't meet his expectations. Finally he reached a large tree that seemed to grow into the clouds in the forest near the North border.
It was an impregnable pitch black large cedar tree that would not be burned even if fire was lit on it, and would break the blades of axes swung at it... of course, it was the «Demon's Tree» Gigas Cedar.
At that time, he met the «Cutter» old man Garitta (who should be young at that time) and became friends with him. He intended to snap a branch off the Gigas Cedar to collect the material for the sword, so he climbed up the tree with Garitta's help, used a rasp to try and grind at a branch he liked, but couldn't even make a slight cut for 3 days and 3 nights.
Sadore broke down in tears as he gave up his thoughts, and told old man Garitta to notify him if this tree was cut down one day. At that time, he would definitely come back to this forest to get this branch.
Old man Garitta fulfilled Sadore's wish in a slightly different manner.
Last 3rd month, when we finally reached the destination of our long journey, North Centoria, we followed old man Garitta's words and visited Sadore's metalwork shop. Sadore was speechless for 3 minutes when he saw the branch presented to him. He spent 5 minutes inspecting it, and then said,
—Give me a year. One year later, this branch will become an unbelievable sword.
—So unbelievable that the Integrity Knights' divine tools will not be able to match it.
And then, after a year— on the day, Human World Calendar Year 380, 7th day of the 3rd month, today, the owner greeted Eugeo and me, who visited this handicrafts shop, with a seething red expression.
“The-Then... Is-Is the sword finished?”
I timidly interrupted Sadore's seemingly endless complaints as I asked.
Shut up. The shop owner who stared directly at me with his grey beard let out a snort and bent down. Sadore took out a long and narrow clothed package from under the counter with both hands, exerted force from his sturdy body and used his strength to lift the clothed bag.
*GONK!* The cloth package let out a blunt sound as it laid on the counter. The shopkeeper didn't let go of it immediately.
He let the clothed package lie on his right hand, used his left hand to stroke his beard, and spoke,
“Young man, I still haven't talked about the payment.”
“Ugh.”
I was speechless. The Sword Mastery Academy is run by the country, so school fees were exempted. But during this time, I had been spending money on food or other stuff during my rest days, so I used up quite a lot of money I saved up in the Zakkaria guard squadrons. In this time, the fees for the sword (not to mention 1 year's worth of labor and 6 high class whetstones) didn't seem to be small here.
“...No worries, Kirito. I brought all my money here just in case.”
I was really grateful for Eugeo's soft words behind me, but for some reason, I had a very bad feeling about it.
If, just if, our total fortune still wasn't enough to pay for this... would we be breaking the Taboo Index? Will the police, no, the Integrity Knights immediately come flying over to capture us and send us to jail...?
“—It's not like I can't charge you nothing.”
After a long while, Sadore finally said these words, so Eugeo and I had the urge to heave a long sigh of relief. However, right before that, he continued “But”,
“...But, young man, you have to be able to wield this monster. This thing and the materials themselves were really heavy, and it looks like you have some ability to carry it all the way from the North to Centoria... but leaving aside that, this thing might have become heavier once it became a sword. Metalworkers and craftsmen are all protected by God Terraria, so no matter how outstanding a sword is, there should be no problems moving it... but even this old me could only lift it by 1 Mel even after giving it all I got.”
“...A monster, huh?”
I muttered these words as I lowered my head to look at the clothed package.
Even with a very thick piece of sackcloth surrounding it, I could feel an existence that could distort space emitting from it. For some reason, I couldn't move towards this thing that seemed to me tempting me... or maybe it was my body being magnetized by it as I hesitated.
2 years ago, Eugeo and I embarked on our journey south in the midst of a resounding fanfare.
Eugeo had the Blue Rose Sword, which was kept in the drawer underneath the novice trainee dorm bed, strapped on his waist, and I had the pitch black tree branch I cut down from the Gigas Cedar. Old man Garitta directed me to ask the craftsman Sadore to refine it, but for that moment, I was controlled by the urge whether or not I should bury it deep within the forest.
Even till now, I still couldn't understand why. Logically, it would be more convenient for two swordsmen to each have swords instead of having to share one between them, and much more natural. Thus, I should be happy that there was a way to create a sword that rivaled the Blue Rose Sword instead of fearing it.
I shook off this slight premonition with my sense of logic as I brought the Gigas Cedar branch to Centoria and handed it over to Sadore.
And then, on this day, a year later, the branch finally became the form of a sword, waiting for me to make first contact with it under the sackcloth.
I took a deep breath, sighed out for a long while, and reached out my left hand. I grabbed it together with the cloth and lifted it from the counter. The high density of the thick and heavy feeling reached me, and the weight seemed to be similar to the Blue Rose sword.
The sackcloth was merely draped over it slightly, so the top part fell off once it was lifted straight up, revealing the hilt.
The pommel was a simple spindle-shape, and there was a layer of thin carved leather wrapped around it firmly. The knuckle guard seemed a little small, perhaps because it was a branch. The sword hilt had the black transparent-like color from the Gigas Cedar, and the leather that was wrapped on it was a glossy black.
The sheath that covered the sword was also made of black leather. I reached my right hand out, let my fingers wrap around the grip slowly, and exerted strength in one go.
Up till now, I had wielded countless swords, but most of them were equipment in VRMMO worlds. The only exception was the old bamboo sword at home. But even so— or rather, because of this, I would feel some sort of feeling whenever I gripped a sword hilt. An icy-like feeling went through the palm of my right hand, through the wrist, the arm, the shoulder, and the back.
On the first level of Aincrad, when I held the «Anneal Blade» I earned from the first mission.
On the ninth level, when I held the «Queen's Knightsword» the dark elf queen gifted me with.
On the 50th level, when I held the black longsword «Elucidator» the boss dropped.
When I held the white longsword «Dark Repulser» the blacksmith Lizbeth forged for me.
And in the elf world ALFheim, when I wielded the legendary weapon «Excaliber» after much painstaking efforts—
A similar icy-like feeling, or perhaps one more intense, shot through my entire body, causing me to be unable to move for a moment. Then the aftershock of the trembling faded and I exerted strength into my abdomen, pulling out the sword from the black leather sheath.
*Jiiinnn—!!* A slightly heavier sword sound as compared to the Blue Rose Sword echoed throughout the shop. It was heavy, but there was no hard metallic feeling. Of course, it was different from a wooden sword. It was a sound that showed an undefined amount of hardness, and also one that showed much more sturdiness. I turn my wrist and pointed the sword at the sky, *riiiin*, and the sword blade let out a slight cry.
“Mu...”
The craftsman Sadore muttered,
“Wa...!”
Eugeo let out a slight voice.
And I held my breath, engrossed by the sword in my right hand.
The blade's length can be said to be exactly the same as my old beloved sword «Elucidator», but I was the one who cut down this branch from the Gigas Cedar in the first place, and I was the one who specified the length, so that was to be expected.
The blade was also covered by a pitch black color similar to the hilt. However, there was also a little transparent feeling as the sunlight shone on it through the windows from an angle, letting out a light golden color. The shape was that of a traditional one-handed straight sword, but slightly wider than the Blue Rose Sword.
The sword edge appeared in a terrifying manner, and it seemed that my skin will be cut if I touched even the smoothest part slightly with my hand.
“...Can you swing it?” Sadore said in a deep voice.
I didn't answer, but looked around the shop to see that no other customers were around. The young apprentice didn't look like he was moving out from the workshop.
I moved my body and assumed a pose parallel with the long counter. There was a space more than 5m long in front of me, and that would be enough for me to test the sword. I grab onto the sword sheath with my left hand, opened my legs wide and bent down. I got into a basic one-handed vertical slash posture as I had no intention of using a sword skill.
There was a round shield that was made from a round steel board directly opposite me. I used this thing that was approximately 5m away from me as an imaginary target and swung the sword.
During this year, I had been using only the wooden sword for practice with my right hand, and the black sword let out a very heavy feeling. However, it wasn't an unpleasant feeling. The sword seemed to be motivating me or pleading me to use it well, a comfortable heavy feeling.
As the sword was pointed towards the top, I took a step forward. I used the momentum generated by the vector shift instead of the power of my wrist and gathered my imagination. With all the energy that was gathered in the sword tip— I took a sharp step forward and unleashed my momentum.
“Sh...!”
The black light went racing down in a straight line. After a short moment, *swoosh*, a ripping sound could be heard in the air. The sword tip stopped just a hair-breadth away from the floor, but the power of the swing spread out in a fired manner as it rumbled the floor.
I slowly got up. Eugeo first started clapping, and Sadore snorted violently.
“I see... so, a trainee from the Academy can swing that thing, huh?”
“This is a nice sword.”
I felt that there was no need to say anything else as I answered. On hearing this, the craftsman finally showed a smile and held his beard as he spoke,
“Such redundant words. This thing took 6 Corengan whetstones... Either way, a promise is a promise. I won't be counting the chiseling fees. Once you become famous, just spread the word that your sword was made by the craftsman Sadore. That thing is now yours.”
“...I'm really grateful.”
I took a deep bow, and Eugeo did the same. I lifted my head and sheathed the sword.
Sadore spent two seconds staring at the black sword, but immediately chuckled.
“You can decide on the sword name. This sword will become the signature of my shop. Don't give it any funny name.”
“Uu...”
I was slightly speechless because of these words. Most likely, it was because all my equipment had names beforehand, so I'm not really good with this naming thing.
“...I-I'll think about it carefully. Then, if its Life drops, I'll come over to ask you to maintain it...”
“Um. Let me say this first. Don't expect me to charge you for free next time.”
“Of-Of course.”
We exchanged such words, and I bowed deeply again for the final time before taking a few steps towards the exit with Eugeo.
At this moment, *GLANK!* A loud metallic sound could be heard from behind, causing me to jump up slightly in shock. I turned my head and saw Sadore's widened eyes as he stared at the west wall.
I followed his stare, and what I saw was the buckler for sale sliced in half down the middle as its right half landed on the floor.

1. Deliberately destroying items that are sold in the shop is against the Taboo Index.
2. It's against the Taboo Index to not pay for an item if it was broken accidently.
3. If the owner excuses the person involved in 2, it would not be breaking the Taboo Index.
I remembered this new knowledge as I hurried back to the Academy. Beside me, Eugeo-sensei was whispering about what happened just now with a pale expression.
“...It was just sword testing. There's no need to use a secret move! Anyone can expect the sales item to be broken when you use such a move in the shop!”
“Y-Yeah— ...but I never intended to use the sword... no, a secret move or something...”
“Don't bluff. I saw it, Kirito. The moment you swung the sword down, it let out a little glow. Can it be anything else other than the Aincrad-style secret move I'm the only other person who know of?”
“Y-Yeah... but my impression was that the Aincrad-style never had such a move...”
We continued our conversation, and suddenly, a sweet aroma unwittingly entered my nostrils, dealing a blow to my head.
The streets of North Centoria were divided into areas. The southernmost area, area 1 (the one closest to the Axiom Church) was the Imperial city, area 2 was the Imperial Governmental Area, 3 and 4 were streets of noble houses. The high class noble mansions built in area 3 were so luxurious that even Asuna's mansion would pale in comparison, it was even more shocking to hear that the 1st class to 3rd class earls had wide parcels of land they called «Personal Estates» outside the streets of Centoria.
These personal estates had small villages in them, and the residents over there were treated like nobles' servants. Sometimes, children who grew up in such an environment would become uncouth young lords like Raios and Humbert.
And then, in the 5th area, there were facilities with the «Imperial» names, like the Knights headquarters and the arena. Of course, the Imperial Sword Mastery Academy was located here too.
Areas 6 and 7 were business districts, and in the northern areas 8, 9, 10, there were the streets the residents of Centoria live in.
Based on what I learned during geography, this structure was exactly the same as the other empires' capitals, East, West and South Centoria. No matter how I thought, it was definitely not a coincidence, but it would be impossible to imagine the 4 kings gathered together and chatting in a friendly manner. I supposed this would be a unification designed by the bigshots in the Church.
Either way—
If I wanted to move back from Sadore's metalcrafts shop in area 7 to the Sword Mastery Academy in area 5, I would have to pass through area 6, and area 6 was a business district filled with food markets and restaurants, a place full of temptation. It might not be too far of a stretch to say that all the silver and bronze coins that were in my wallet were all spent here whenever I had gone out this year.
What made it especially dangerous was that it was 2pm on our rest day this afternoon. There was a restaurant on the 3rd Eastern Street called the «Jumping Deer Inn», and when they would bake their trademark honey pies, the sweet aroma would spread throughout the streets, causing my will's Saving Throw to be thoroughly tested. I had never been able to pass this test successfully before.
“...Hey, Eugeo. It's great that we weren't charged for the compensation of the shield and this guy's grinding.”
I continued to slow down as I said, and my partner nodded slightly as he answered,
“...Yeah. I only knew after we joined the Academy that Sadore-san's a famous guy who has got the proof of a first-class craftsman. If we paid the proper price, it's likely that our total fortunes still would not be enough to pay for it.”
“Heh... —then, it might be a little late... but what happens if there's not enough? Will we be arrested on the spot?”
“They won't go that far either way. At that moment, he'll record it on tab, and you have to come pay it on interest every month.”
“I-I see...”
Unlike Aincrad, which used the self-restriction «Cardinal» system to control the col trading sytem, this world seemed to more or less have some civilian economic activity. Then, as a poor student, shouldn't I be working hard for this prosperity?
I kept this noble motive within me as I proposed something to Eugeo,
“...Since we settled our money issues, how about 3?”
My partner then sighed in a I knew this was going to happen manner,
“Two at most.”
He answered. I grinned as I nodded my head, and turned my feet to the left front side before running to the shop attendant onee-san that was serving the freshly baked honey pies at the take-out corner.
Unknowingly, my body got completely used to the black sword, held on my back with a leather strap, since I seemingly couldn't feel that weight anymore. It felt like it had been there for several years.
Part 4[edit]
The harmony of the honey and the butter danced around in a molten state, performing a symphony. When we reached the Academy, I split off from Eugeo, who intended to head off to Gorgolosso-sempai's room, and went off to the Novice trainee dorm's Duty Office. This was to attain permission from the dorm manager, Miss Azurika to keep this sword as my personal belonging.
In the real world, if I brought a bladed object that's more than 1m long, I would probably be scolded by the teacher, or the police might even be called in to arrest me. However, this Academy, in this otherworld, was an organization that groomed swordsmen. As long as I had only one real sword, I would be allowed to bring it in.
As for why I could only bring in one, that was because in this world, all the weapons, including swords, would absorb Sacred Power little by little— the space resources. To put it specifically, weapons that had their Life worn out slightly in a battle would regain their Life slowly if they were kept properly and sheathed... So the sword was basically absorbing the Sacred Power in it's surroundings. Of course, if it became so blunt that it couldn't recover on its own I would have to find a sharpening master, and a blacksmith if it broke or had a break or something.
If there were no restrictions on allowing students to bring their own swords, a student with a weapon mania may end up bringing hundreds of weapons, and after that, his room would have an abnormal amount of Sacred Power being supplied. It seemed this was the reason why only one sword per person was allowed to be brought in.
As it was a rest day today, even Miss Azurika wasn't at the reception counter, but sitting at the duty office with its door opened, sorting through the documents. After hearing my quick knocking, she lifted her head and blinked her greyish-blue eyes.
“Is there something wrong, Novice trainee Kirito?”
“Excuse me... I'm here today to ask for a permit to have a sword as my personal belonging.”
I bowed slightly, walked in from the door, and quickly looked around the room. There were many leather sealed folders on the bookshelf beside the wall, but there was only a table and a chair. In other words, this woman herself was the one who took care of running this dorm that housed 120 students.
After hearing my words, Miss Azurika tilted her head slightly, but immediately got up, and took out a folder from the documents on the bookshelf without hesitation. She then took out one of the common documents kept within and put it right in front of me.
“Write down all the necessary particulars on it.”
“Yes, understood.”
I tentatively lowered my head and looked over. On the form, there were the simple items like name, student ID and sword priority. As I thought about how I didn't need a guardian's signature this time, I filled in my name in katakana 'Kirito', the student number '7' —and suddenly, I stopped the pen tip. I recalled things carefully, and though I tried swinging this sword before, I never opened the «window» to check.
With Miss Azurika staring at me, I hurriedly undid the sackcloth on my bag and removed the leather strap that was buttoned. I opened up the clothed side, intending to open the window by revealing the hilt, and at that moment,
“...!”
I lifted my head after hearing that sharp gasp. What entered my eyes was a rare sight of Miss Azurika widening her eyes when she would normally maintain a calm expression.
“Is-Is... there anything the matter?”
Miss Azurika blinked a few times after hearing my voice, and then shook her head, “No, it's nothing.”. It seemed that she didn't have anything else to say about this, so I turned my gaze back to the sword, and used two fingers of my right hand to enter the motion command. I tapped the pommel of the sword lightly, and the property window appeared with a ringing-like sound effect.
The priority that was shown was—«Class 46».
To think that it was higher than the Divine Tool Blue Rose Sword by 1. No wonder it was so heavy. Once I entered the number in the third column, I wrapped the sword back as how it was, and handed over the completed form.
...Is there a problem. Don't tell me there's a limit on priority? I thought impatiently in my mind.
"Novice Trainee Kirito."
“Ye-Yes.”
“You have... the memory of that sword...”
She spoke till here, but suddenly stopped. Miss Azurika closed her eyes, and when she lifted her eyelids again, those eyes reverted back to the usual stern dorm supervisor eyes.
“...No, it's nothing. I've received your application. I suppose there's no need for me to emphasize this, but remember, a real sword can only be used for personal training. It can't be used in practical exams and group practices, understood?”
“Yes!”
I energetically answered and put on the clothed black sword on my back, as I wondered about whether I should ask about what Miss Azurika said. But as I could expect, I couldn't get an answer from her. Thus, I just made a knight salute and left the duty office.
I walked down the front corridor, and thought in a perplexed manner,
Sword's... memory?
These were inexplicable words. It's true that in this world, all the items, including the swords were recorded with the help of the Mnemonic Visuals. But that was a technology developed by the venture enterprise «Rath» in the real world, so the residents of Underworld logically wouldn't be able to realize this.
In other words, the 'sword's memory' Miss Azurika talked about should be as what she said. This black sword had some form of memory. But exactly what kind of memory was that? What did she see in this black sword...?
I searched for an answer to this doubt as I walked out of the dorm, and heard the melody of 3pm bell that rang from the bell tower which was extended out from the roof. It was a lot deeper than the bell I would hear in Rulid Church, but the melody itself was exactly the same.
The agreed time with Liena-sempai was 5pm.
I couldn't feel a single bit of unnaturalness when I tested it at Sadore's metalworks... I would say that the feeling was rather relieving, as if my beloved sword was revived from the time I was in SAO. However, it would be better for me to test out whether I could use it with the Aincrad secret moves, or sword skills.
This rest day occurred once every week, and practically all the students born in Centoria had gone home, quite a few students born in other places would head out to sightsee, and so the wide Academy grounds were rather empty. Also, there's a forest and a river in the campus grounds, so there were quite a few places for me to practice my moves— even though I said so, I still wanted to eliminate the possibility of other people seeing me. That's because I wanted to practice the «Consecutive Hit Skills» that none of the sects in this world had.
Why did sword skills exist in Underworld?
Why didn't consecutive hit skills exist?
I had been in this world for almost two years, but even till now, I had seen no sign of finding an answer. The only thing I could imagine was that when the Rath technician who was constructing Underworld may have used «The Seed» package in some sort of way... But even if it was a fact, it still couldn't explain everything.
As for why, that's because «The Seed» that was freely circulated— the simplified version of the «Cardinal» system didn't have sword skills in them. Right now, in 2026, amongst the many VRMMOs around, only ALO, the completely duplicated copy of the old SAO server, had sword skills. It definitely couldn't be the venture enterprise «Ymir», the operator of ALO, assisting Rath here.
After that, I could only think of a countless amount of endless baseless guesses. If I wanted to know the truth, I would have to meet the governor at the top of the Centoria Cathedral, and there's no other way.
Either way— the secret moves of the swordsmen in Underworld were all one-strike skills; like «Vertical» and «Avalanche».
As for the reason behind this problem, I had some form of deduction already. It's likely that this was the reason why Underworld didn't have any actual fighting. With the absolute law of the Taboo Index, with the invincible soldiers of the Integrity Knights protecting Underworld, all the battles would definitely become «matches». What was promoted was a splendorous, elegant victory. Wasn't this what the swordsmen in this world had been seeking these hundreds of years? To get into a mighty posture from a far distance away before using a single-strike skill to win?
Also, another reason may be to protect accidents from happening.
The fights in the local tournaments were all until one side was cornered, and even the Central and higher-level tournaments were such that the first strike would determine the winner. Naturally, consecutive hit skills that wouldn't stop midway through would naturally be avoided.
In this situation, physique and arm strength would have an advantage, as they would have absolute confidence in the power of their one hits... So it's expected that people like the elite swordsman head, Uolo Levanteinn being able to become strong as a mighty sword user would be strong. If I wasn't allowed to use consecutive skill hits during the SAO era, I would definitely be unable to beat a dual-wielding player of the same level.
This was definitely the same reason why Sortiliena-sempai kept losing to Chairman Uolo during these two years.
Even when I perform my consecutive skill hits to Liena-sempai, it will be impossible for her to learn it. Even Eugeo, who had no experience with any existing style, took several months learning the 2 consecutive hit skill «Vertical Arc».
However, if I could show that a sword skill wasn't just about a magnificent slash from overhead, if I could shake off this doubt in sempai's heart about how the Aincrad-style and the similar Serlut-style were different from the higher Norlangarth style, she should be able to have a chance of winning at the graduation duel.
I continued to think about this as I walked east, and unknowingly, I reached the east side of the campus.
The school campus that was surrounded by the fan-shaped walls had the central school campus, a large practice arena, libraries, trainee and instructor dorms, the elite swordsmen dorm and many more buildings within, and yet still had so much space. The walls on the north and south sides had large gates, there was a slightly tall hill on the west side, and a rather large forest on the east side. No matter where it was, I couldn't see any students around.
Even so, I chose the forest with much more cover just in case. I found an empty clearing in the forest and stopped. The short and thin grass grew thickly like grass on a football field, so there shouldn't be any place where I would be tripped. I looked around, checked that there were only 2-3 butterflies other than me around, and reached my right hand to the back.
I searched around, undid the sackcloth, and grabbed onto the sword hilt that was revealed. After feeling the leather grip that felt like it would stick onto my hand, I immediately drew the sword out.
The pitch black longsword that was lit by the sunlight shining through the twigs and leaves was originally made from a branch of the Gigas Cedar, so to put it technically, it should be a «Wooden Sword». But the blade reflected a hard light nobody could imagine. The famed craftsman Sadore spent a year grinding this blade out, and on first glance, one could see the terrifying amount of priority... But I couldn't see anything like a «memory» from this thing that couldn't talk.
I pushed aside these doubts and got into a basic posture. This time, my mind was strongly imagining, unlike the time when I was testing the sword in the crafting shop. I imagined the one-strike diagonal sword skill I had used countless times— the «Slant».
After an instant moment of gathering, the blade let out a bright water-color glow. I used my back foot and right hand to accelerate my sword skill as my body was moved by an invisible hand.
*Shoobash!* A sharp sound could be heard, and the trajectory of the slash was drawn out in the air. The slanted line disappeared like the flames of the sun as the sword wind drew a straight line, blowing aside the grass on the ground.
I kept my body in a downswing position and stared at the tree twig that was about 5m in front of me. However, there was no signs of the tree twig breaking even after the effects of the skill disappeared.
This was to be expected. The basic «Slant» range was 2.5m at most. The power would not be able to reach a place twice the distance away.
But, even if that were so... the round shield that was about the same 5m away in the craftsman shop shouldn't be sliced. It couldn't possibly be that time, the buckler just happened to have its Life worn out at that timing, and I definitely didn't carry out any sword skills. Eugeo said that 'the sword glowed'... But I had no idea why that happened. I really didn't know anything. I still knew far too little about this world.
I sighed and stood up straight. I adjusted my breathing and got into position for the next skill.
I sliced down from right above, and right when the sword was about to touch the ground, I pulled the sword tip back up as if it was bounced up and swung it back up again. 2 consecutive hit skill «Vertical Arc». A sword wind that was more ferocious than before was whipped up as it swayed the grassy ground violently.
Up till now, I had been practicing sword skills I could use with the wooden sword. I changed the posture of my legs, put the sword at my waist, and twisted my body to the right.
“...!'”
I exerted strength wordlessly and unleashed a left horizontal slash. The slash seemed to hit some invisible thing in front of me as its horizontal movement suddenly stopped and turned to the upper right corner. I took another step forward and unleashed a forward short-ranged high-powered slash. This was the 3 consecutive hit skill «Savage Fulcrum».
I wordlessly watched the crimson red trail that looked like the Arabic number 4[4] dissipate in the air. I nodded and continued to prepare the next sword skill. I raised the sword back up directly above me and did an overhead backswing.
I did a high-level slash, a low-level slash, a forward slash chained in, and then I brought the sword behind my back before letting out a ferocious slash. The blue square drawn in the air continued to spin as it moved forward. The range was large, and there was only a small opening. This was the beloved sword skill of mine in the old SAO, «Vertical Square».
I managed to execute all four kinds of sword skills successfully without exception.
In that case, this meant that this black sword had the same level of priority as the Divine Tool «Blue Rose Sword» Eugeo had. However, I already guessed so when I opened the «window» in the dorm duty office and saw the class 46 number.
It seemed that I would be able to fulfill my promise of showing my high level sword skills to Liena-sempai. Before I heaved a sigh of relief, there was another feeling rumbling in my mind.
Whenever I used the Blue Rose Sword, I would only be able to use up to sword skills of 4 consecutive hits. No matter how much I tried, I couldn't carry out major skills of 5 consecutive hits or more. Then, what about this black sword? Since I would have to do it sooner or later, and since there's no one around, wouldn't this be a good chance?
I gripped onto the sword tightly, took a large step forward with my right foot, and gathered imagination filled with strength towards the sword that seemed to be hanging from my left shoulder, ready to unleash.
Unknowingly, I felt a small sharp pain from the base of my bangs, seemingly warning me, but I removed this unnecessary thought and focused on forming my sword skill.
*Chka*, *chka*, I saw the blade letting out an orange spark from the corner of my eyes.
It was a faint glow that was different from the bright effects I saw up till now. I tried my best to imagine the sword skill and maintained the action to get ready, but the sparks continued to fly and had no signs of calming down.
I continued to persist until this unstable posture couldn't be maintained any longer, and immediately started my movement in one go.
“Uooh...!”
I unknowingly let out a deep growl, and the right foot that stepped down rumbled the ground. The sword that swung from the top left side to the bottom right side let out a sharp slash in a sharp angle with the assistance of the system— that should be the case. However, the sword didn't stop as it hit the ground.
The powerful recoil rushed up my right hand. If I wanted to force myself to drag the sword back, I would definitely take damage at this point, this was the judgment I made instantly. I gritted my teeth and pulled the sword that was stuck in the ground 20cm deep, seemingly flailing as I fell back.
*ZPANG!* The blunt impact sound rang behind me. I turned around as my back landed on the grassy ground.
—So I failed? What wasn't enough? My level? The sword priority? Or both...?
What entered the eyes of my body that was spread out wide and lying on the ground—
The large amount of dirt and grass that was sent flying by the slash.
And the sight of a man who was standing at a silent corner of this empty space on the other side.
What covered the tall and lanky body was really the school uniform, but the color wasn't of the basic grey color. There was a bright cobalt blue line on the seemingly pearl white based uniform. It's the privilege of one of the 12 elite swordsmen trainee to be able to modify their uniform colors at will.
Liena-sempai had purple with a greyish tinge. Gorgolosso-sempai had a thick green color. And as for pearl white color with blue... that would be the color of the swordsmen head Uolo Levanteinn—
The light blond hair was kept short, and undoubtedly, the one who was staring at me with his emotionless steel blue eyes was the strongest man in this Academy.
As I laid down on the ground, I continued to stare at a black radial-shaped stain of dirt on the spotless white uniform, one my sword shot out.

To be honest, it's not like I had never thought about running away.
If this were Aincrad, and if the opponent was a big shot from the Divine Dragon Alliance Guild, I probably would have fled away without hesitation. But in this world, running away would be the worst option if I messed up something. There would be an added penalty to my crime, and in the end, it would be the terrifying «breaking the Taboo Index».
Thus, I could only remain still for a second, and then knelt down immediately as I put the sword in my right hand onto the ground —to show the highest order of respect— lowered my head and yelled,
“I'M REALLY SORRY, LORD TRAINEE LEVANTEINN!! PLEASE FORGIVE MY SIN OF DISRESPECT!”
The only other time I probably begged for forgiveness so desperately was likely on the 61st level of Aincrad when Asuna beat me up in her room. I continued to think about such useless things as I kept kneeling.
“If I'm correct, it seems like you're the valet for trainee Serlut.”
I heard such a deep voice.
I tentatively lifted my head, and saw the steel blue eyes immediately before nodding my head to admit.
“Yes, I'm Novice trainee Kirito.”
“Is that so.”
The trainee swordsman glanced at the black sword on the grassy ground, and then continued with a meaningful high pitched male voice,
“According to the academy rules' tossing dirt on an upperclassman's clothing would completely warrant a punishment authority of insolence...”
On hearing this, I couldn't help but groan in my heart.
This «punishment right» was a right the model students of the school students, the elite swordsmen trainees had. They could punish students who infringed the academy rules lightly due to accident based on their own discretion. I had been given countless swing practices because I had been late getting to Liena-sempai's room.
Then, what would they do with those who broke the academy rules severely— In this world, such a thing wouldn't happen. Of course, infringing on the rules severely naturally wouldn't be something that could be triggered by accident, and Artificial Fluctlights themselves couldn't break this rule on their own will. The only one at risk here would be me, a natural Fluctlight, but fortunately, I hadn't done anything too eyecatching and managed to last through a year safely. —However.
To actually dirty Chairman Uolo's uniform with a large pile of dirt... that would be a critical crime here...
“—However, I don't hate you for hiding from others and practicing on a rest day, even though you didn't care that «practicing on a rest day» itself is against the rules.”
Gehhh—I again let out a wordless cry.
In that case— this seemed to be the case. However, if I agreed about it now, it may end up raising the possibility of the punishment authority being used. I didn't know whether it was useless or not, but I had to struggle.
“This-This isn't what you think it is, Lord Chairman. This isn't practice... Eh, erm, yeah, I'm just testing the new sword. The repairs of the good I requested a shop in the 7th area to do was complete, and I couldn't wait till tomorrow...”
At this moment, I finally realized something major.
This blond flat-haired guy... When did he first see me? No, before that, why was he here?
I deliberately came all the way into this forest to practice the «consecutive-hit skills» the sword skills Underworld didn't have. The reason I did this was to show off the consecutive hit skills to Liena-sempai to help her beat the head. However, the chairman saw this before I could even show it to sempai. Wouldn't this be a complete reversal of what I wanted to do?
—It seemed the strongest man in the Academy realized my thinking as he gave a slight wry smile.
“...You say you're here to test your sword, but your shout's rather forceful. Speaking of which, I only saw you use that sword to slash into the ground and fall back. I'll just treat it as... being unable to stand firmly while being led by a sword you're not used to, that's all. I'll give that you didn't break the rules of training on a rest day, since I came here for a similar reason.”
As I felt relieved on hearing this, I tilted my head in a perplexed manner,
“A similar... reason?”
“Let's just say that you're not the only one who tried to swing swords on a rest day for this kind of reason.”
The nicely-shaped lips showed a confident smile as Uolo turned his stare towards the empty ground I'm practicing on.
“But I found this place first. I agreed too that I would leave this place for my valet once I graduate. So you have to find somewhere else.”
—I see. No wonder. I thought. The man standing in front of me just found a reason that this wasn't training, but something else, and came to practice on a rest day... This empty space was used to practice, and I just happened to arrive at this place at the same time, that's all. The reason why the grassy land is so neat was because the Life was reset every week when Uolo stepped on it.
I'll find a place with more weeds then. I made such a decision in my mind and lowered my head again.
“...Understood, I will do so. Thank you for your magnanimous...”
“It's too early for you to thank me, trainee Kirito.”
“You-You're saying?”
“I did say that I won't be pursuing matters about you training on a rest day, but I never said that I'll forgive you about this.”
I slowly lifted my head, and saw that the trainee swordsman lifted a right finger with a serious expression on his face while pointing at the chest of his uniform. He was pointing at the black stain on the pearl white cloth.
“Bu-But, chairman, didn't you say that you 'don't hate' me for that...”
“Ahh, I did say so. That's why I won't give any punishment like cleaning the entire swordsmen dorm or copy 1000 lines of spells.”
Phew. I was relieved for only that moment however.
The flat-haired strongest swordsman continued to use his fingertip to brush off the dirt on his uniform and he said something unbelievable.
“Novice trainee Kirito, your punishment will be to spar against me once. Not with a wooden sword, but with that sword you're using. I'll use this too.”
At this moment, I finally found that the sword dangling on the left waist of the swordsman trainee had a sword hilt of pure gold and a deep blue sheath. Anyone could tell that it was a real sword with very high priority.
“...Spa-Spar...? As-As in?”
“The term sparring would only mean 'to practice in a match format', nothing else. However, this place has too little space. The large practice arena should be empty on a rest day, so let's move over there.”
After saying such a fluent flow of words, the head swordsman simply turned around.
For two seconds, I stared blankly at the white back that seemed to glide off under the trees. Once my thoughts finally grasped the current situation, I seriously wondered whether I should run away, but «not fulfilling my punishment» would be a serious infringement of the rules this time. I couldn't possibly let myself be expelled here if I wanted to become an elite swordsman trainee during the promotional exam at the end of this month like Uolo.
I lifted up the black sword lying in front of me and cleanly sheathed it behind me before standing up. Unwilling to give up, I continued to glance twice at the stone wall of the Academy that exposed itself through the trees, made my decision in a reluctant manner, and chased after the blond flat-haired guy.
There were all sorts of weeds and grass dangling around the feet from the empty land a step away, but Uolo never showed any signs of staggering.
...Won't it be easy for this guy to dodge or knock down a mere pile of dirt?
At this moment, I realized this issue, but everything was too late.
Part 5[edit]
I walked out of the forest, met up with Uolo on the stone path, and the 4pm bell rang.
Unknowingly, the sky was dyed a little with the color of the night, and the campus started to show signs of students coming back from the streets. They all widened their eyes once they saw the figure in white and blue uniform walking in front of me.
This was to be expected. Ever since Uolo Levanteinn became an elite swordsman trainee, he practically never appeared in places other than the dorm. He was such a character who appeared so rarely that other than his valet, the students would only see him at the tests that occur 4 times every year. Even I, the valet of Liena-sempai, would only see him a few times in the corridor even after going in and out of the swordsmen dorm every day. If I have to say it, this was the first time I officially met him.
And right behind this legendary existence was a novice trainee swordsman of common birth... and the location was the large practice arena, so it would definitely be an eye-catcher. However, the most terrifying thing at this point would be that quite a few students discovered this and started hurrying over from the school campus and the trainee dorms. At this point, the entire academy was going 'Something's going on at the practice arena!', and news of it had definitely spread around.
The curfew of a rest day would be 7pm, which would be slightly later, so more than half the students would still be outside at this time. But even so, there was a large group of students buzzing and coming over to observe, no, watch this show. In this case, I just needed to hurry up, settle this, and hide in Liena-sempai's room until the commotion ended...
No, wait. How am I going to settle this commotion...
As Uolo said, «sparring» in this academy would basically be an incomplete duel that's more than practice. The principle would be that we would fight until one side's cornered, but if both sides agreed, the rule of «first strike wins» like the old SAO era was recognized. In other words, once someone took a blow from the opponent first, the battle would be over.
In this case, the loser would definitely take some level of damage. This was the one exception to the rule of «Deliberately reducing other people's Lives» the Taboo Index forbade for so many countless times. The 'first strike win' duel that even the Zakkaria guards forbade was permitted at this Academy, and the reason for that was that the medical office had gathered all sorts of high-priced medicine and teachers who could carry out high-level Sacred Arts. In other words, even if we got heavily injured in the sparring, it would be fine if it could be treated.
Even though I say that, chairman Uolo said that he would be using a real sword in this sparring, so the rules would be that we would fight until one side's cornered. If I wanted to win, I just need to dodge or parry off the powerful overhead strike, and make sure my sword stops before I hit when I counter.
Of course, I could tell that this would be dauntingly hard. No, before that, should I really be winning?
Uolo was the biggest objective Liena-sempai had been aiming to beat. Would it be right for me, a valet who had been undergoing sempai's training, to beat this opponent? Would Liena-sempai really be happy even if I win...
As I started to lower my head and form these thoughts, two sets of rushed footsteps unknowingly entered my ears.
I suddenly recovered, lifted my head and looked towards the left. What entered my eyes was the scene of Elite Swordsman Trainee Sortiliena Serlut with her long skirt fluttering as she dashed over and my partner Eugeo running behind her. Both of them didn't run through the path, but went directly through the hills that covered the grasslands.
Leaving aside Eugeo, I had never seen Liena-sempai pant while running up till now. Uolo, who was walking in front of me, suddenly stopped and turned to the left.
Liena-sempai took only a few seconds to get onto the path, gave me a worried expression, and faced off against Uolo. She tidied her greyish-purple skirt impeccably, straightened her back, and said,
“...Levanteinn-dono, what's the meaning of this?”
In this Academy, Liena-sempai was the only student who did not use polite words to Uolo. The students surrounding from afar let out a soft commotion.
The top swordsman took the piercing stare of those deep blue eyes without flinching. The short blond head tilted slightly as he calmly answered,
“As you can see, Serlut-dono, your valet did something improper. I considered that it was somewhat inappropriate to punish him severely on a rest day... So I intended to spar against him.”
The buzz surrounding us got louder.
Liena-sempai finally noticed a black stain on the torso of Uolo's uniform. It seemed that she was able to deduce what was going on as she gently bit her lips.
While the top and second ranked elite swordsmen trainees were facing each other, I nudged my way towards my partner standing blankly near the human wall. His face was showing the expression I was ever-familiar with— the blend of 'What did you do this time' and 'Don't tell me... You've done it again...?' expressions.
“...You got here rather fast.”
I whispered. Eugeo nodded slightly a few times.
“I was in the cafeteria of the swordsmen dorm, and Zobun-sempai's valet came running in saying that the chairman's going to fight against you. I was thinking 'How was that possible?', but came running over with Serlut-sempai... But, it seems that it's not impossible at all.”
“Ahh, well... That seems to be the case.”
I nodded. Eugeo seemed like he wanted to say something as he took a deep breath, but after pausing for a few seconds, he merely let out a huge sigh.
“...No, it's a miracle that you didn't manage to cause any problems up till now, Kirito. Please, show off all the troubles you have accumulated for this one year today.”
“As expected of you who've been with me for such a long time, partner.”
I inadvertently giggled. Eugeo patted me on my back, causing me to look away.
Liena-sempai was still staring at Chairman Uolo with a stern expression, but even I, who hardly memorized the rules, knew that breaking this deadlock was impossible.
I left Eugeo and moved to sempai's side, nodded gently to my beloved mentor.
“I'm really sorry to make you worry, sempai. But I'm fine... Or rather, I feel that facing off against the chairman is sorta lucky.”
I whispered as I stared at sempai's dark blue eyes, trying to read the emotions in them. I wanted to know what she felt about her own valet facing her biggest opponent.
However— I immediately felt regret over my actions. All I could see deep within sempai's eyes was worry.
“Kirito... How are you going to win in this spar?”
This question was too sudden, so I blinked as I answered,
“Eh...? We're using real swords, so I guess we'll fight until we're cornered...”
“Oh yes, I forgot to explain.”
Uolo interrupted as he explained with the usual calm expression,
“I won't do sparring when we fight until one side is cornered as that will only dull my sword strikes. The exams the Academy specified was something out of my hands, but personally, I have been using the rule of first strike win in my fights.”
“Eh...? Then, in other words...”
The head swordsman trainee showed a slight change of expression in front of the shocked me. It seemed that he was baring... or rather, revealing his fangs like a carnivore.
“But speaking of which, we can only fight in a first strike match under both parties' agreement. This was decided by the Taboo Index, so it takes priority over the swordsman trainee punishment... I'll let you choose then, trainee Kirito.”
The crowd that had been buzzing quietly immediately hushed up.
Of course you have to fight until one side's cornered! I seemed to hear Eugeo's voice, and I didn't need to hear Liena-sempai speak up to know that it was reckless to carry out a first strike match with real swords instead of wooden swords, against the strongest man in the Academy.
That's what I felt, but—
“I'll let you decide then, Levanteinn-dono. I'm the one being punished.”
However, such words seemed to come out from my mouth automatically.
Eugeo's dejected sigh could be heard from behind me. Liena-sempai clenched her fists tightly as she held back from sighing sharply. And also, someone seemed to be sighing away on my hair, 'yare yare'— that's what I felt.

The name 'Sword Mastery Academy Large Practice Field' may sound impressive, but in fact, it was just a large sports hall. The white floor was polished brightly, and there were four black squared sparring arenas. The spectator stands were built all around, and it had the capacity of 260— enough to contain every student and teacher during the biggest events of the academy, the swordsmanship examinations.
I stood on the east arena Uolo chose, looked around, and saw that there were already more than 50 students around. Since it would be just before the curfew time of the rest day today, it seemed that all the students who stayed in the Academy were all back here. There were around three instructors, and what was shocking was that even the novice trainee dorm supervisor Miss Azurika was there.
Also, what was most shocking was that present amongst the students, were those two annoying upper-class nobles... Raios and Humbert. Perhaps they came back from their own mansions earlier than usual. They were sitting at the front most seats, giving heinous smirks as they looked over. It looked like their faces were saying that they wanted to see me get sliced down by Uolo.
When Uolo let me choose, I said so boldly to him that 'He can decide the rules', and I didn't regret it at this point... Or rather, in that situation, I personally had no other choice.
But on the other hand, there was another doubt lingering in my mind.
Should I be sparring against Uolo?
I want to challenge the swordsman who's called the strongest in this academy. I couldn't shake off this lingering thought in my mind. Basically, the third objective when I originally came all the way from Rulid Village that's far north to Central Centoria here was to fulfill the antique gaming goal, the desire to 'fight against strong opponents'.
But at this point, in my heart, there was a wish that was much stronger than fighting against Uolo.
I wanted to let Liena-sempai win against this guy in the final battle. To let her beat this guy and release her from these binds. During this year I had been serving her, I never saw a sincere smile from her before.
As my heart was harassed by these lingering thoughts, I continued to stare at Uolo, who was standing on the other side of the arena, inspecting the sharp blade of his beloved sword—
“Kirito.”
Liena-sempai's voice came from behind me, causing me to turn around like I was ejected.
The second ranked swordsman stared right at me with her navy blue eyes, and whispered to me with an unwavering voice,
“I believe in your strength, Kirito. I trust you, so I'm going to tell you this. The Levanteinn family that teaches the Empire's knights has a secret family teaching called 'The sword drinks the blood of the strong. The power will become mine'.”
“...Blood, is it?”
Sempai nodded back at the whispering me.
“Yeah. Uolo probably went through quite a few first strike matches in his private land before he entered the Academy. That experience probably created that terrifying strong sword of his. And right now, he... wants to turn the power of your sword into fresh blood and absorb it as food.”
These were words that were hard to understand immediately, but I changed it to the knowledge I was familiar with in my mind, and immediately answered "I see" as I nodded.
It was all because of the «Imagine Power». Just like how the swordsmen of the Serlut family were restrained by the thought that 'The Serlut-style was an inferior style because they were forbidden from passing down the traditional sword style', the generations of the Levanteinn family had the imagination of 'The more the sword's dyed with the blood of powerful foes, the stronger they become', and this gave Uolo the power in his sword.
Most likely, that guy saw the slices of my consecutive hits in the open space of the forest and the black sword with high priority and deemed that I was an opponent worthy of letting his sword be dyed by my blood. It sounded honorable, but in fact, it was no different from being a 'high quality prey'.
In other words, if I took an actual hit in this spar and bled, Uolo's imagination would get stronger, and to be honest, the possibility of that happening was rather high.
I couldn't allow myself to help the enemy before Liena-sempai's last battle. At this point, I had to take back my initial words and change the rules such that one side had to be cornered... as I was thinking about this.
Sempai pats her hands on my shoulders that drooped unwittingly and said,
“But I'll say this again. I believe you. I believe that you're not a swordsman who will take that guy's move that easily... You haven't forgot about what you promised me today, right?”
“What I promised...?”
I repeated it, and nodded my head hard,
“Yeah. I promised you that I will show you everything I have, sempai.”
“Alright. The conditions may be slightly different now, but just show it to me here, Kirito. Release all the power and skills you have and beat Uolo Levanteinn.”
The moment I heard those words, I felt all my doubts dissipate within me.
My hesitation over abandoning sempai and fighting Uolo and my fear of making the enemy stronger after my defeat were all just the worst excuses a defeated dog would think. I nearly gave that ruckus to my respected sempai as a present. Once I grab onto the sword, I just needed to focus all my soul into it and clash with all I got. I probably came all the way here by using that as my number 1 philosophy.
I gave a smile at sempai, nodded, and turned my head to the right. I exchanged looks with Eugeo, who was seemingly probing his body over from the handrail of the spectator stands. I grinned at him, and he gave me the usual worried expression while raising a clenched right fist at me gently.
I answered with the exact same move, and turned to Liena-sempai again,
“I'll fulfill my promise.”
I merely said these words, and sempai wordlessly nodded before taking a step. A steady voice then came from the other side of the arena, seemingly waiting for this moment,
“I suppose you're done, Trainee Kirito.”
I slowly turned around, walked towards the edge of the black tiled arena, and answered "Yes". Uolo and I then did a simple knight salute by putting our right fist gently onto the left chest. As it was not an official sparring contest, there was no instructor acting as an umpire. However, I didn't have any doubt about the conditions of winning. The first one to be struck by the opponent's sword and bleed would be the loser.
I took a step forward and stepped into the arena. 2 steps, 3 steps, once I took 4 steps, I stood on the starting line indicated by the white tiles.
We drew our swords, my opponent drew from his left waist, and I from my back. I saw Uolo's sword that had a golden tea colored hilt and a refined forged steel-colored sword, and the surrounding students all let out a cry of amazement "Ohh". After seeing my sword, those words became mutterings of doubt. Nobody had ever seen a real sword with a black sword hilt and a blade.
“Oh my, oh my. To think that the folks from the countryside would have the custom of dying their swords with ink, Raios-dono!”
Humbert, who was sitting on the spectator stands, pretended to whisper as he said with a voice loud enough for everyone to hear.
“Don't say that, Humbert. Valet-dono here has no time to polish his swords.”
Raios however continued with the usual sarcastic remark, causing the surrounding noble students to be amused.
However, the instant Uolo started swinging his sword, the surrounding atmosphere went quiet. Perhaps it was partly due to the respect they had for the head swordsman trainee, but I guessed that those guys felt a tremendous sense of pressure from that posture.
—Is the difference between a wooden sword and a real sword so great?
I muttered silently in my heart.
As Liena-sempai's valet, I had witnessed the critical move Uolo Levanteinn would execute during the three swordsmen exams that were held in the arena first hand— the Northlangarth style «Avalanche» move, quite a few times. However, the pressure I felt was completely different as my opponent was using a real sword instead of a wooden sword, and this opponent just had to be Uolo.
The flatheaded blond-haired Uolo, who was slightly skinnier than me, had the impression of a pilgrim. However, I finally understood at this point that this was a completely serious mistake. Right now, those steel-blue eyes had some form of hidden light in it, the light of a berserker swordsman who was only seeking to use the steel blade to rip the enemy's body.
In this gaming world, Uolo's sword would likely be classified as a «Bastard Sword». Uolo used both hands to raise the slightly long sword hilt and the steel blade. The blade seemed to be surrounded by the flare of the sun, and that wasn't an illusion. That was the sword priority and the 'power' caused by the owner's imagination strength causing the space to tremor.
*Zun*. A heavy rumbling was released, and the head swordsman trainee finished his large overhead posture.
Once he dragged the sword further back, the «Heavens and Mountains Break»... also called the two-handed single thrust strike «Avalanche», would be activated.
It seemed like a long time ago, yet felt like several days ago when I spent my time in that floating city Aincrad. I went through countless battles, including one-on-one battles. One of the two-handed sword users who had the biggest impression on me was from the guild of the «Knights of Blood»the guard of the vice guild leader Asuna, the guy called Kuradeel.
I, who was challenged to a duel by him, read his first strike «Avalanche» and used a similar single thrust attack «Sonic Leap» to aim at the side of his weapon and managed to achieve my aim of breaking his weapon with the skill Arms Blast.
This memory awoke within me again, causing me to instantly consider if I could use the same tactic at that moment. However, I quickly gave up on this idea. Let alone breaking Uolo's sword, I might end up breaking my own sword— while this would not be likely, my sword would undoubtedly be deflected, and I would be slashed at cleanly down the shoulder.
The original form of the «Heavens and Mountains Break» was the «Avalanche» alright, but the move Uolo used was completely different from Kuradeel's in terms of speed and weight. He had absolute faith in the strength of his own move, granting his sword power in the process. If I couldn't find an imagination strong enough to resist it... An imagination of breaking through the organs and body until the sword tip is poking out from the other side, I wouldn't be able to stand on the same starting line as him.
Now isn't the time to think of it as a personal spar anymore. I have to use consecutive hits.
So I thought as I made the first motion of the highest level skill I could use up till now— the four consecutive hit «Vertical Square». This would require a high level of control, but I should be able to use the first, second and third hits to negate the opponent's Avalanche and hit with the fourth to win.
I raised the sword in my right hand, letting it face Uolo, and showed a steady posture. When using a sword skill to take on another sword skill, timing would be the essence. I had to use my sword skill while timing the opponent's sword skill activation. In other words, I had to 'activate later, strike first'.
The black sword tip that moved slowly arched through the top of the circle it drew and started tilting slightly behind. At that moment,
“...HAA!!”
Uolo took action while letting out a bone-chilling roar.
The blade of the broadsword had a reddish-golden glow surrounding it. The two-handed overhead slash that crushed Liena-sempai's «Cyclone» three times dragged what looked like a blazing trail as it closed in.
At this moment, my body started to move. I used a powerful stamp to activate the «Vertical Square» with the minimum prep action, and my first strike accelerated as I let out a flying thrust while moving forward.
*KIINN!!* As the high-pitched metallic sound rang, a powerful impact rushed up my right hand. My first strike was instantly struck down effortlessly. The surrounding students and instructors all probably thought that my move was the Norlangarth Secret move «Lightning Strike», the single strike «Vertical». If that was really the case, the winner would have been decided then. However, the show began here.
Even if I clashed with the opponent's move, if my posture wasn't severely knocked in disarray, the sword skill that was activated would continue. The second strike of the Vertical Square was to swing right up from below. My sword skill hadn't ended.
“ZAA!!”
I let my entire body turn left, and I swung my sword up sharply. The sound of impact rang again. The blue glow that surrounded my sword was mixed with the orange glow on Uolo's sword, forming a dazzling white light that lit the slightly dark practice arena.
This time, my sword was deflected back again. However, the opponent's Avalanche was slowed down as well. I gritted my teeth and immediately let out the third strike, a vertical slash down.
*GAGIINN!!* A much heavier sound than before rang as both swords clashed.
As I expected, the third hit wasn't enough to knock back Uolo sword, but Uolo's move stopped.
If I could pressure him back now, the Avalanche would be stopped, but I would still have the final hit of my 4 strikes.
“U...ohhh!!!”
“Nu...nn!!”
Uolo and I let out growls at the same time, desperately trying to parry away each other's sword.
At this point, the attack power of the sword skill and the system assist or whatsoever was meaningless. This was all about imagination vs imagination, a battle of wills. The two clashing swords let out bright white light at their intersection, letting out a small bright spark. The floor of the arena endured the tremendous pressure from our duel as it let out a rattling cry.
If there was someone observing the main memory installation of the entire Underworld at this point, he would see that there was a bright white glow in a quantum medium. Our Fluctlights were giving out signals, desperately trying to overcome each other and win. My opponent had lost all the collectedness he had on his face as there was a deep frown on him as his lips were curled. My face was most definitely having that same expression as well.
This situation remained for 2, 3, 4 seconds— at that moment.
I saw something unexpected.
On the sides and back of the head swordsman trainee Uolo Levanteinn, I could vaguely see more than 5 figures that had similar looks, but were obviously different from him.
What I could see was the transparent shadowy bodies wielding the sword in the same posture as Uolo, but my instincts were telling me that these swordsmen definitely were the heads of the Levanteinn family over the generations who inherited the family name of Imperial Knights instructors.
In other words, this was what the mere student Uolo was bearing despite being the head of the family... Or rather, what he was forced to bear, the real show. The real source of power hidden in Uolo's slash.
—I... can't lose here!![5]
I seemed to hear this roar. At the next moment, a force that was much heavier and overwhelming pressure than before struck my shoulders.
The broadsword that was surrounded by a wildfire-like orange glow pushed the black sword in my hands back, seemingly trying to crush it. I desperately tried to steady myself, but my feet were slowly pushed behind.
If I was pushed back by another 10... no, 5cm, my sword skill would be forcefully stopped. At that moment, my sword would be deflected back, and my body would be slashed into heavily.
380 years.
This line suddenly appeared in my mind.
This amount of time had passed ever since Underworld was born. Even if it was protected by the absolute law, even though this became a world that didn't have any real battles, the swordsmen born here kept passing down the sword skills they refined for generations during these hundreds of years of history. The outcome was already far beyond the concept of «VRMMO game attack skills».
*Zuu*. My right foot was pushed behind again, and the glow surrounding my black sword started to trembled as it flickered.
—However.
I definitely wasn't fighting just to earn experience or something.
For the sake of my good friend who I first met, who reached out his warm hand to me, Eugeo. For the sake of Liena-sempai, who gently yet sternly guided me and taught me countless things, and more so for the people in the real world waiting for me to come back, Asuna, Suguha, Klein, Liz, Sinon, Agil, Silica and so many people.
“I also... MUSTN'T LOSE HERE...!!!”
In what seemed to be a response to this roar that was not of a voice—
*DOKUN!* The sword in my right hand trembled.
Golden lights appeared in the middle of the blue glow that was vanishing. The lights continued to multiply, finally filling the inside of the sword. While this phenomenon happened, the surroundings suddenly got darker drastically, but I seemingly didn't realize this.
That was because something stranger was happening on the sword itself.
*KIN*, *KIN*. The sword gradually expanded. As it was covered by a strong light effect, only Uolo and I could see that it was only widened by several centimeters. However, that was obviously and definitely not an illusion.
The sword blade, and even the hilt got slightly longer. I reached my left hand, seemingly guided, and used both hands to grab onto the sword hilt that was covered in black leather.
If this were Aincrad, this would be an irregular equipment, and the sword skill would be forcefully ended. But at this point, the blue glow of the Vertical Square that was about to vanish gained back its glow once my left hand gripped onto it, merging with the golden lights inside the blade, and seemingly swirling in a vortex.
I saw the wild force the black sword in my hands were releasing, and for some reason, remembered it's original state... I remembered the «Giant Cedar». The same Gigas Cedar that stood high up in the middle of the forest south of Rulid, I remembered how it absorbed a large amount of resources from the earth and the sun, that pitch black giant tree that was never cut down for more than 300 years.
...The sword's... memories.
These words were revived in my ears again, and was immediately covered by my roar.
“O...OOOOOOOHHHH!!!”
I squeezed out what remained of my strength and will, and raised my right foot—forward.
*ZUN*. The moment my right foot landed on the floor, the intensity of the energy caused by the clash between the two swords crossed the limit and exploded.
That was caused by a high level combustible Sacred Art spell, blowing Uolo and me away while we're unable to resist. However, both of us refused to back down as we continued leaning forward and steady our feet. The soles that were hardened rubbed against the floor of the arena, and small whiffs of smoke rose. We dragged two lines of burnt marks as Uolo and I stopped right at the edges of the arena.
Both sides had their swords deflected greatly. Uolo's «Avalanche» ended as the orange light effect faded gradually.
However— My «Vertical Square» continued to activate even with my hands holding my sword.
“SEIAAAAHHH!!”
I let out my momentum, stamped backwards and let out the final hit by releasing an overhead slash. The sword drew a bright blue arc... right at Uolo's undefended chest—
*Chuu*. It gently grazed by, stopping just right in front of the broken tile on the floor. The Vertical Square was not a lunge attack. I tried my best to extend its range, but it wasn't enough to reach through the entire arena.
Uolo and I stared at each other from close range[6]... At that moment, a sharp voice rang.
“THAT'S ENOUGH!!”
I instinctively leapt back, pulled my distance and lowered my sword. Uolo did the same on the other side as he got out of battle mode.


Once I realized this, I looked over at the source of the voice in a skeptical manner, wondering who dared to decide this over the head swordsman trainee in this spar that didn't have any umpire. Then, I was speechlessly shocked when I saw Miss Azurika, the dorm supervisor of the novice trainees.
Why would she, a mere dorm supervisor instead of an instructor, do such an umpire-like decision? And why did Uolo actually listen to her obediently?
I stood blankly while these two heavy doubts surrounded me. At this moment, the head swordsman trainee who lowered his sword whispered to me from the left,
“That lady's decision has to be abided by.”
“...Eh, well... Why is that?”
“Because that woman was the first swordsman representative of the Norlangarth Empire during the Four Empire Unity tournament 7 years ago.”
EHH—!?
Uolo Levanteinn turned back to me, with my eyes nearly popping out, and nodded with a pilgrim-like expression instead of the sword berserker chilling expression from before.
“The punishment for you has ended, novice trainee Kirito. Be careful not to stain other people's clothing with dirt in the future.”
After saying that, Uolo sheathed the sword back onto his left waist and turned away.
The white and blue uniform casually crossed through the entire arena, and at the moment he disappeared through the exit—
"UWAAHHH!!" A tremendous applause rained down on the entire large practice field. Shocked, I looked around, and saw that the almost 100 students and even the teachers on the spectator stands were applauding. At the frontmost row, standing right beside dorm supervisor Azurika, who was applauding away with the usual serious expression, was my teary partner— Eugeo, clapping away. I raised a left fist at him gently. Beside him was the large frame of his mentor, Gorgolosso-sempai who had appeared unknowingly.
Finally, I glanced at the sword in my right hand, checked whether it reverted back to its original size, and sheathed it back with a chiin sound— at that moment.
*BOSSN!*
My shoulders were slammed hard, causing me to jump up slightly. The white slender hands clumsily turned me around, and I saw Sortiliena-sempai giving a teary expression that was worse than Eugeo.
“...I thought you were about to be sliced down.”
I heard this in a voice that probably only I could hear, and nodded.
“Yeah... I thought so too.”
“...You knew and yet you wouldn't surrender...... You, big idiot.”
Sempai closed her eyes, and her eyebrows twitched slightly. However, it seemed that she finally managed to stop her crying with a saving roll as she took a deep breath and opened her eyes wide. Her navy blue eyes had a gentle light I had never seen before.
“That was beautiful... Really an exciting match, Kirito. Allow me to thank you first. It's a pity I can't have it to myself... But, you showed me a fight with all you had as you promised... Thank you.”
“Eh... But, the result was a draw...”
“Are you still unhappy that it was a draw, even if it was against that Levanteinn?”
“N-No, that's not it.”
As she saw me shake my head like a wave, sempai let out a rare giggle, put her lips at my ears and whispered.
“It's not a question of winning or losing here. Your performance in your fight showed me something important... Something very important. I feel thoroughly proud to be the inheritor of the Serlut-style... and happy... to be able to be your mentor too.”
*Pon*. Liena-sempai knocked me on the shoulder, straightened herself, and said with some traces of smile on her lips,
“There's still some time until the curfew. How about you come over to my room to celebrate? You can bring Eugeo-kun too... As for his mentor, well, I'll let him in too.”
On hearing sempai's words, I showed a grin and nodded. I turned around, raised my hand at Eugeo, and pointed at the exit. I saw him and Gorgolosso-sempai walk there, and I walked side by side with Liena-sempai out of the still energetic arena.
During this time, what took up 70% of my mind wasn't the hidden stash of red wine sempai had, not about Gorgolosso-sempai's continuous passionate sword skill history lectures—
...I could actually surrender when sparring while a punishment's carried out!!!
But that.
From the corner of my eyes, I saw that Raios and Humbert were giving weird stares over here, but I basically ignored them and didn't bother.
Part 6[edit]
In the floating city of Aincrad that once existed, there were alcoholic drinks that were like rich red wine and light colored beer.
But logically speaking, even if I gulped down one large barrel of strong alcohol, it would be impossible for me to get drunk. That's because the physical body lying in the real world never took a single drop of alcohol.
Here, what was most shocking was that in this world, the alcohol was all the real stuff— In other words, I would get drunk if I drink a lot. The theory behind it was most likely because the Fluctlights had the signal «Drunken state» and that prompted it. However, it seemed like the designer who designed such a merciless world had a small sense of conscience as even if drunk, it was 'an active state where people don't lose their minds'. Since there won't be drunkards who would make a huge ruckus and start bawling, there wouldn't be people breaking the law by getting drunk.
—Even so, nobody could guarantee whether this protective function would be effective on me, so I stopped after drinking two glasses of grape wine in the 'celebratory event' held in Liena-sempai's room. However, sempai opened a secret stash that was kept for more than 100 years, causing me, a complete amateur to grape wine, to exclaim that it was good wine, so this self-restraint cost quite a lot of willpower from me.
Sempai, Eugeo, Gorgolosso-sempai and I got together as we talked about our memories through this year, our predictions for the graduation/promotion duels, and the passionate lectures about sword skills and styles. Time flew, and it was 15 minutes till the curfew of the novice trainee dorm.
I reluctantly retreated from the elite swordsmen dorm and returned back to my dorm with Eugeo. I left my partner who was so drunk he wouldn't wake up in the room and walked to the flower pot on the west side. Even though it was a rest day, I had to water the Zephyria flowers. I walked down the stairs from the second floor and opened the gates of the dorm.
During the time I laid Eugeo on the bed and put my black sword into the drawer, the last trace of light disappeared from the sky, and the outside was shrouded by the night.
I closed my eyes gently and slowly took in the cooling night breeze and the smell of Anemone into my chest— while I was doing so, I inadvertently frowned. There was some form of fragrance that was different from the flowers being planted, the sticky animal-like odor was mixed in slightly. Also, I had an impression on this smell. It was what I smelled at dinner last night... But, this was a smell that shouldn't exist.
I suddenly opened my eyes wide, focused my gaze on the path that divided the flower beds into two sides, and two figures appeared on the other side of the darkness. They were wearing grey uniforms, just like me, the novice trainee uniforms. However, they undid more than 3 buttons in front of their chest, seemingly baring the weird colored shirts inside for others to see. The one who wore the sticky glossy red shirt was Raios Antinos, while the one wearing a slightly fluorescent light yellow shirt was Humbert Zizek.
Why would they, who weren't assigned the job of planting and didn't look like they had any interest in planting, be in the garden... Once this thought appeared in my mind, a bad premonition reached me. I, who took a step out from the door on the west wall of the dorm, stood rooted. Right in front of me, Raios and Humbert came right at me, and then stopped 1m away from me.
“Oh my oh my. This is really a coincidence, trainee Kirito.”
Raios used a sly... yet crude voice that was full of ill intent.
“I wanted to look for you now. This would save quite some work.”
Humbert, who was standing right behind, let out an energetic cackle, seemingly giving a melody to these words. I turned back to Raios, and coldly spoke,
“...What do you want?”
On hearing these really cold words, Humbert's face twisted, but Raios swung his right arm to stop him and answered my question.
“Of course, I want to offer my praise to your splendid battle. Who could have thought that a valet who was given a restriction could fight to a draw with that Levanteinn-dono?”
“Oh my my, that's true. Those toying-like sword skills really caused the chairman-dono to have quite the hard time.”
“Ku ku ku.” Both of them chuckled in unison once they finished. I lowered my voice even further, and spoke,
“Are you praising me? Or are you going to have me sell a fight to you?”
“Hahaha. How can that be possible? High class nobles will never ask peasants to sell anything! Of course, the dorm would still be the dorm!”
After laughing happily for quite a while, Raios reached his left hand into his uniform pocket, and pulled out something thin and long.
“To praise you for your act... excuse me, for your courageous duel, allow me to offer this. You have to take this.”
Raios took a step forward and stuffed something into the chest pocket of my uniform.
“...Then, we'll take our leave first. Sweet dreams, Kirito-dono.”
Raino's muttered slightly to me from close distance as he smirked. He shook his blond hair and passed by me. Humbert then followed him and brought his face over.
“Don't get too cocky, you peasant without a family name.”
He left these words and followed Raios.
*BAM!* Even after both of them walked into the door and seemingly slammed the gate shut, I was unable to move for the time being. That was because—
What Raios stuck into my chest was a flower bud that had a near-blue leaf and was about to be released. I used my icy cold right hand to take it out from my pocket and stared at it carefully.
The tender stem was violently snapped, and it was not any of the «Four Sacred Flowers» grown in the flower beds. It was the West Empire produce, the Zephyria flowers that I continued to grow painstakingly no matter how many times I failed during this half year.
Once I realized this, I gritted my teeth with enough force to crush the bud. If I had my sword now, maybe I would have rushed into the dorm and sliced Raios and Humbert up into countless pieces. I gripped tightly onto the light water-colored flower bud in my right hand and charged towards the garden. I ran past the cross junction of the road and into the shed near the wall on the other wall. The white porcelain planted laid at a corner of the shed entered my eyes.
“...Ah, ahhh....”
My throat let out such a hoarse voice.
The 23 Zephyria seedlings that sprouted from the seeds I bought from the spice merchants, these seeds that usually grew in a foreign land, and were about to sprout out— were all mercilessly snapped in half.
Round flower buds were devastated as they fell around the planter, and they had lost their unique blue-green color. The stems left in the dirt were sagged, and obviously, their Lives were decreasing drastically.
In the midst of these dead flower buds, the weapons for this massacre were standing there like tombstones. Those were long and narrow sickles used for plants with round fruits. Some people... No, Raios and Humbert swung these sickles and mercilessly hacked the flower buds down.
The strength was sucked out from my legs, and I knelt down in front of the planter with a thud.
I blankly stared at the flower buds that were scattered around, thinking with my mind that was half numb.
Why? While I knew the motive and methods clearly, but why were they able to do such things? Deliberately destroying other people's goods was completely against the Taboo Index. Even high-ranking nobles shouldn't be able to break this absolute law.
In Underworld, the possession rights of all the items were indicated without error. I knew that only after going on my journey. When opening my unique «window», those considered my possessions would have a small P marker at the corner. On the other hand, those without a P marker would not be mine, so it's impossible for them to steal it or wreck it.
It's true that these growing plants didn't belong to anyone, but the authority of the soil, the land belonged to everyone. The plants planted on whomever's land would belong to that person. The Anemones grown at the flower beds belonged to the Academy. Also, I thought the zephyria flowers that were in the planter would similarly belong to me as personal items I bought from the market in the 6th district and planted in the planter in front of me. That was what I thought.
My mind, which was befuddled by rage and despair, thought till here. I thought of something that caused me to widen my eyes.
Soil. The black soil that was contained in the planter... wasn't dug from the land of the Academy nor bought from the market. It was brought over from the land outside Central, in the wilderness that didn't belong to anything. I once told this to Miller of the planting committee and the rest. Raios's group knew of this and decided,
“Since the soil is from the wilderness that didn't belong to anyone, these flowers don't belong to anyone', right?”
If that was the case... then, this was a mistake I made. Since I left it in the flower garden that anyone could access, I should have cautiously thought through the ownership issues.
The people of Underworld would definitely not break the law. But this didn't mean that all the residents of this world were kind. Some of them were people who even thought that 'anything not restricted by the law can be done'.
I should have realized this during the Zakkaria swordsmanship tournament.
“...I'm sorry...”
I picked up the flower buds that were scattered on the floor with my right hand and gathered them in my left. However, what was originally a blue-green color got obviously greyer in my palm.
The moment I picked up all 23 stems and flower buds, their Lives dropped to 0. The flower buds formed dream-like blue-green light particles and dissipated in mid-air.
Tears inadvertently rolled out from my eyes.
I forcefully tried to turn my lips into a smile, seemingly trying to laugh at myself for having bad kids snap my own flowers. However, my cheeks merely numbed up. The accumulated tears finally fell, and a small puddle landed on the bricks beside my feet.
I finally understood what I was putting my hopes into these Zephyria flowers for.
The first reason for growing these flowers was to test the power of imagination in Underworld.
The second reason... was to grant the wish of Liena-sempai, who once said to me 'I want to see authentic Zephyria flowers for real once'.
However, there was a third reason I had never discovered till now. I was definitely trying to use these flowers as my vestige by desperately trying to make the flowers bloom on foreign land. I wanted to share my burden with these flowers, the loneliness and burden... of leaving my beloved people in the real world, without having any idea when I would return back...
Tears continued to roll and glide down my cheeks, dripping on the floor.
I desperately held back my sobs and curled up, trying to use my hands to support myself from the floor.
I again remembered that voice.

—Go and believe.
—Go and believe in the power of the flowers that are growing in foreign land. Also, believe in your own power for growing these flowers till now.
I heard this inexplicable voice many times during my long journey. It seemed to be a female voice, but it wasn't a voice I was familiar with. Also, it wasn't the voice of the young girl I heard at the cave passing through the Mountain Range of the Edge 2 years ago. It was a calm, wise, gentle and warm voice...
“...But, they're...all gone.”
I muttered. That voice calmly answered.
—It's alright.
—The stems growing in this world are still trying their best to survive. And...do you feel it. The many Sacred Flowers in the flower beds are trying to save their small friends. They want to give their power of Life to them. You can pass these wishes to the Zephyria stems.
“...I can't do it. I can't use those high level Sacred Arts.”
—Spells are all just a way to arrange thoughts and guide «emotions»... The power of imagination used through ones' mouth. Right now, spells and mediums are unnecessary.
—Here, wipe off your tears and stand up. Go feel, feel the prayers of these flowers.
—Feel, the laws of this world...

The voice ended here, seemingly disappearing somewhere in the midst of the night sky.
I took a deep breath into my chest that was still trembling, exhaled, used the sleeves of my uniform to wipe away my tears, supported myself and stood up.
I slowly turned around, and an unbelievable scene appeared right in front of me. The four Sacred Flowers that were grown in the 4 parts of the flower beds... the blooming Anemones, the Marigolds that weren't even budding, the Dahlia that was growing a little stem and even the Cattleya that was hidden underground were all giving off a murky green glow in the dark night.
Sacred Power. Space resource. These words were all meaningless in the face of this kind, steady yet powerful light.
I reached my arms out to these 4 Sacred Flowers, seemingly guided.
“...Please, give me power... Life, share some with me.”
I muttered slightly and imagined. I imagined the Sacred Flowers giving off Life, using me as a catalyst and flowing to the Zephyria flowers left in the planter.
Countless flickering green lines appeared in the flower beds. They continued to get close to each other, weave with each other, and finally became countless thick bonds. I waved my fingers, and they danced in the air silently before finally moving to a single point.
At this point, I just needed to watch them. The bonds of light covered the planter that was left only with wilted stems, seemingly surrounding it a few times... and seemingly forming a huge flower as it got absorbed by the soil and disappeared.
And then,
The 23 stems slowly grew at a speed the naked eye could see.
The flower buds slowly expanded, seemingly spreading their sharp precious blade-like leaves, and seemingly protected by them.
I watched this scene, and tears again swelled.
This was... such an inexplicable world. Everything should just be a virtual being, but it had a beauty even the real world couldn't match... the power of Life... and the firm will.
“...Thank you.”
I thanked the 4 Sacred Flowers in the flower beds and the owner of that inexplicable voice. I pondered for a while, and took out the school emblem from my uniform collar that was held with a pin. I reached my hand out, put it in a corner of the planter, and seemingly declared: This is my territory.
Once I return to the room, I'll say sorry to the black sword lying in the drawer... the branch of the Gigas Cedar. And then, I'll thank it for helping me in the duel against Uolo.
As I considered this, I continued to stare intently at the Zephyria flowers that regained its life. The 7.30pm bell rang, and I finally stood up from the flower beds and walked towards the dorm.
I inadvertently turned my head right in front of the door, and everything, the stone hedge surrounding the flower beds, the back of the large practice arena roof and the Axiom Church's Centoria Cathedral that looked like it was about to cut this starry night sky entered my eyes. Orange lights came out from numerous windows like skyscrapers in the real world, yet it was much taller and more beautiful than those skyscrapers.
—Suddenly, a light left the tower from a rather tall tower.
How could that be? I stared at the light spot, but that wasn't my eyes seeing things or an illusion. The proof was that the light spot continued to increase its brightness and closed in on the North Centoria streets. The light continued to maintain its height as it gradually glided, and its real identity was...
“...A flying dragon!”
I couldn't be mistaken here. That was a light from a large lamp on the dragon armor as it flew in the air. That wasn't a signal or warning light, but a lamp let the people on the ground show their fear and awe. Riding on that dragon's back was one of the strongest law enforcers in the world— an «Integrity Knight».
The giant dragon unfolded its wings, seemingly gliding through the night sky and flew to the north east. It was most likely fulfilling its duty of protecting the human world as it flew to the Mountain Range of the Edge. Eugeo and I spent a year finishing this 750km, yet that dragon only needed a day.
The light of the lamp disappeared, and I turned back to look at the splendor of the Cathedral. The Integrity Knight probably flew from ¾ of the height. Maybe there was something like an airport there. I continued to look up, and the highest level was mixed into the night sky, so I couldn't tell. There should be a door linking to the real world, what I was looking for.
However— There was a faint feeling of wanting to go home, increasing day by day. Was it my imagination? I was also getting the feeling of wanting to know more about this world, unlike what I wanted. Was I thinking too much...?
I took in the fragrance of these flowers and slowly exhaled it. I looked away from the Cathedral and gently pushed aside the large old gate of the exit.
At the end of the 3rd month—
Second ranked elite swordsman trainee Sortiliena Serlut defeated Top ranked elite swordsman trainee Uolo Levanteinn during the final graduations selection battle, and graduated as the top student of Norlangarth Sword Mastery Academy.
As she left, I handed her the planter full of Zephyria flowers. Liena-sempai showed me a beaming smile for the first time, accompanied by tears.

Two weeks after she graduated, she took part in the «Empire Swordsmanship Tournament» held in the imperial arena, but was matched against a member of the Norlangarth Knights. Unfortunately, after an intense battle, she lost.

Interlude II[edit]
The sound of boots echoed throughout the wide room.

"Elite Swordsman trainee Eugeo-dono, I would like to report! Today's sweeping is completed!"

The source of the voice was a young girl that was wearing a grey novice swordsman trainee uniform.
As it had not been even a month since she entered school in the spring and had become a valet, her posture was full of nervousness.
Eugeo had already tried his best to treat her nicely, but no matter what he said, she could never relax... But Eugeo understood this situation because he had been the same last year. In a certain sense, the fact that there were only 12 elite swordsmen was already scarier than the instructors themselves for a novice student.
It would take around 2 months to initiate a normal conversation, and for Eugeo it was the same as well. However, she was not a typical partner after all, and this would be the only exception.
After closing the old sacred arts textbook, Eugeo stood up from the high-back chair and nodded as he said.
"Thanks for everything, Tiezé. You can now go back to your dorm... Eh, erm..."
His gaze switched to the girl with the tea colored hair standing next to the crimson haired Tiezé, who was also straightening her back.
"...Sorry, Ronye. I told that person to come back before his room is swept..."
Eugeo apologized for his partner who had disappeared after the training, and the novice trainee called Ronye widened her eyes and shook her head,
"It's-It's fine, the mission's only completed after the report!"
"Well, even if it is embarrassing, please wait for a little longer. I don't know how to say it, well... I do apologize for my roommate's behavior..."
The Norlangarth Empire's Sword Mastery Academy was an institute that gathered the noble sons and daughters of Norlangarth and groomed them to become the best swordsmen. But once they stepped through the gates of the school, those with noble blood would have to start on the same line as the other novice trainees.
For the first year, there was almost no chance to even touch a real sword, so the only thing they could do was to continuously train with a wooden sword, studying the Art of Battle and learn Sacred Arts. Also, the novice trainees had to complete all the other miscellaneous tasks while studying.
The task assigned to them was determined by their score in the sword skill exam. 90% of the students were assigned to clean the school and maintain the tools, or grow the Sacred flowers. The top 12 students were assigned as valets to the elite swordsmen, and were often the target of jealousy, envy from their peers and 2 months of nervousness.
But, even though they were called valets, the actual tasks they received did not really differ much compared to the other students. They cleaned up the elite swordsmen's rooms like their peers cleaning the classroom and the training area. If the student the valet followed was a bad person who deliberately threw trash, made a ruckus or had the tendency to sometimes go out and disappear, the valet would be troubled every day.
"...If you wish, Ronye, I can talk to the teacher and change your mentor... If you keep following that person, it will definitely be a tough year for you."
"It's-It's not tough at all!"
After hearing Eugeo's idea, Ronye once again shook her head, and at this moment, there was a familiar noise that came not from the door, but from the open window that was filled with the yellow sunset.
"Fufu, what are you talking about behind my back?"
The person who arrived in the room through the 3rd floor window was the one wearing the elite swordsman uniform, Kirito. His appearance was the same, but his uniform was pitch black, unlike Eugeo's blue and grey one. The color of their uniform could be chosen as this was one of the many privileges of an elite swordsman trainee.
After seeing Kirito carrying a bag that smelled really good, Ronye showed a relieved face, but then immediately showed a tense expression again, and the sound of boots echoed around the room.
"Elite swordsman Kirito-sama, I would like to report! Today's sweeping is complete without delay!"
"Okay, thanks for everything."
Kirito embarrassedly scratched his head as he answered Ronye, not being used to the idea of having a valet as usual. Looking at him, Eugeo gave a wry smile and started to officially ask his partner what was going on.
"Uh, Kirito, I won't tell you not to go out of campus, but the girls are a lot busier than you, so please be back before the sweeping is completed. Anyways, why did you have to come in through the window?"
"Coming through the window would be the shortest distance if you're coming back from the 3rd Eastern Street. You should also remember that, Ronye and Tiezé. Maybe it will be useful in the future."
"Don't teach them weird things! ...Speaking of the 3rd Eastern Street, the things in the paper bag are honey pies right?"
The sweet smell that was wafting from Kirito's hands violently stimulated Eugeo's pre-dinner stomach.
"...It is true those are good, but you don't have to buy so many."
"Fufu, you could have just said it directly if you want them, Eugeo-kun."
Kirito smirked as he took out 2 fresh golden honey pies. He placed one in his mouth, one next to Eugeo, and gently placed the remaining paper bag into Ronye's hands.
"When you return to the dorm, eat them with your roommates."
"WAAA!" Ronye and Tiezé squealed in happiness like the 15-16 year old girls they were, but immediately frantically stood back again.
"Tha-Thank you very much, Elite swordsman trainee-sama!" Ronye said.
"Let's hurry back to the dorm so that the food's "Life" won't drop too much! See you tomorrow!" Tiezé spoke loudly.
After doing a quick simple salute, the two walked through the room with their boots resounding, opened the door, and exited into the corridor.
They nodded slightly as the door was being closed, and happy squeals could be heard with the rattling footsteps that quickly disappeared as they moved further and further away.


"..."
While taking a large bite into the freshly baked pie, Eugeo stared at Kirito.
"...What?"
"No, it's nothing. It's just that I'm thinking, oh elite swordsman trainee Kirito-sama, that you might have forgotten the true reason why we are here."
"Ha, who can forget about that?"
Kirito quickly finished his pie, and after licking his thumbs, his black eyes immediately looked out the window— far beyond the novice swordsmen's dorm was the Axiom Church's giant tower that stood in the middle of Centoria.
"Three more times... We have finally reached here. First, we have to beat the other ten elite swordsmen during the graduation test, and gain the roles of representatives for this school. Then, we have to defeat the old guys, those knights and guards during the Imperial Swordsmanship Tournament. Next, we have to be the last two standing in the Four Empires Unity Tournament. Finally, you can become an Integrity Knight and openly enter that tower."
"Mn... one more year... then, we can finally..."
—Finally meet her, the blond girl, my friend who was taken by the Integrity Knights in front of my eyes eight years ago.
Eugeo turned his eyes away from the Central Cathedral far away, and focused on the black and white swords placed on the wall of the room.
...As long as the blades of fate guiding us are still here, we will definitely not fail...
Eugeo strongly believed without any doubt.
Part 1[edit]
«Underworld».
That is the name of this world. It is not in the Common Tongue, but in the Sacred Tongue, so most of its inhabitants live on without realizing the connotations that come with the name.
The «Human World» draws a perfect circle with a diameter of one and a half thousand kilolu right in the middle of Underworld. Its circumference is surrounded by the «Mountain Range at the Edge» and beyond that, the country of darkness where demi-humans such as goblins and orcs live, «Dark Territory» continues outwards—that was the common belief, but practically no human can claim to have seen that with their own eyes.
The Human World was split into four empires and the one that ruled over the north was the «Norlangarth North Empire», with its fertile grasslands, deep forests and many lakes. On the southern tip of the empire's fan-shaped circular sector, at the part close to its focal point, was the capital of the empire, «North Centoria». The other three empires were structured in the exact same manner, so the four capitals were joined into a single, small disc at the heart of the Human World, collectively called, «Central Centoria».
Once again, at the heart of Centoria, was the lofty white tower of the «Worldwide Central Axiom Church» that held authority over all four empires, ruling over the Human World with the absolute law; the «Taboo Index», and with the absolute military might; the «Integrity Knights». The structure that boasted of a splendor that almost reached Solus in the sky could be said to be the heart of the Human World, in every sense of the word. In other words, it was likely that it could be said to be the heart of Underworld itself.
This was the form of the world, as understood by Eugeo.
It had already been two years since he had set out on that journey southward with his partner, Kirito, from the small village of Rulid at the northern tip of the northern empire until the spring of this current year.
And they were given appointments in the guard squadron of the largest city in the northern region, then they had advanced to the central capital with letters of recommendation personally written by their commanding officer early in the spring of the previous year. Overcoming the entrance examination for the most prominent swordsman training institution in the empire, «North Centoria Sword Mastery Academy», and diligently tempering themselves in the one year they had served as novice trainees, they had even been among the ranks of the top twelve in the promotion examination at the end of the year.
Those twelve would be appointed not as advanced trainees, but as honor students known as «elite swordsmen-in-training». They were provided with a dormitory with a connected spacious practice arena for their exclusive use, and were freed from much of the minor academy regulations, spending that single year immersed in training for the right to participate in the «Empire Swordsmanship Tournament», the ultimate goal of all of the academy students.
Going through specialized lessons and swordsmanship tuition, followed by self-practice each day was difficult, but those days were like a dream to Eugeo. If he hadn't met that strange young man named Kirito two years ago, he would now be living each day swinging an axe to chop wood from day to night, continuing that «sacred task» until he retired from old age. He was able to proceed towards his goal, associating with the young nobles in the central capital, learning swordsmanship and sacred arts, even if it's a little at a time.
Unlike his fellow students, Eugeo's goal was not merely to emerge as the champion of the «Four Empires Unity Tournament» and be commissioned as an honorable integrity knight.
It was to become a knight and pass through the door to the Axiom Church's Central Cathedral that even a first class aristocrat could not step into... to once again meet, Alice Schuberg, a female childhood friend of his who was taken away to the Cathedral long ago.
He had once given up; the one who had shown him the path towards that wish of his, far, far away, was his partner, Kirito. They had overcome every obstacle that stood in their way with their combined might over these two years. With Eugeo teaching the various rules to Kirito who had lost his memory, beginning with the Empire Fundamental Law, and Kirito teaching Eugeo his unique swordsmanship, the «Aincrad-style», they had survived to this day with their pace in sync, as though they were brothers... no, twins.
Even now, as elite swordsmen-in-training, Eugeo and Kirito still live in the same room in the dormitory. That said, they share only the living room with their bedrooms separate. Eugeo still held feelings of guilt over the wide and soft beds that even those from his home in Rulid could not hold a candle to, the extravagant baths where he could use as much hot water as he liked and the plentiful meals served at the dining hall reserved for those like them, but it seems Kirito had gotten used to it in no time.
But there was one matter that he suffered as much as Eugeo with.
The privileges granted to the mere twelve elite swordsmen-in-training of the academy were not limited to the exclusive dormitories. One individual, an exemplary novice trainee would also take care of them as their «valet». Eugeo had also been assigned as well, to a broadminded senior swordsman the previous year, and that had been no bother at all... or rather, he had even thought of it as enjoyable, but it became a different story when the roles were reversed.
For the trainee assigned as his valet this year was Tiezé Shtolienen, born in a sixth class noble family, not to mention a girl who had just attained the age of sixteen. As for Kirito, the one who had become his valet was Ronye Arabel, a sixteen years old girl also born in a sixth class noble family; those two were a cause of much distress for the two from the countryside.
He had absolutely no complaints about Tiezé herself. The girl, with hair red like flames and eyes slightly tinged red; both of which were somewhat rare in the north, was always full of energy, possessing much enthusiasm and diligence and had caused many situations where the mentor, Eugeo, had ended up learning from the apprentice instead. However—being waited on by someone three years younger, not to mention of noble birth and a female as well, does not seem to be something he could get used to at this point in time. Each day was spent with his thoughtful "I'll take care of that, don't worry about it" to which Tiezé would retort "No, this should be handled by your valet!".
Kirito's situation was mostly the same, and he would make up some arbitrary excuse to disappear whenever Ronye came to tidy up the room; that happened many times during this one month—however.
Today—the 17th day of the 5th month of the Human World Calendar 380, Kirito finally returned without any particular reason just as Tiezé and Ronye had finished cleaning the room, holding onto a large paper bag in his arms. Inside was a heap of honey pies from a well-established restaurant in the 3rd Eastern Street of the 6th District in North Centoria, «The Deer Leap», which was famous for them, and Kirito took two out for Eugeo and himself before handing the rest to Tiezé and Ronye with a "Go have them with everyone in your room".
Novice trainees were restricted from going out on non-rest days, and of course, were then unable to buy sweets at the market. The two girls were exceedingly happy at the unexpected refreshments, which lead to Eugeo seeing them run back to the novice trainees' dormitory for the first time.
Forming bonds with the valet trainees and giving them general advice on how to make progress on their swordsmanship were part of the swordsmen-in-training's duties as well, so those honey pies might be a part of Kirito's efforts—but even so, Eugeo thought while staring at his black-haired partner by his side, who consumed the pie with a composed expression before speaking.
"Well now. Eugeo-kun, how about some light practice before dinner?"
"I have no objection to that at all. But tomorrow's the advanced sacred arts exam. And aside from the written segment, there's that «cryogenic element» generation practical that you're bad at."
"Ugh......"
Kirito's arm, about to grab the wooden sword used for practice, froze after Eugeo pointed that out. It seems he was conflicted for several seconds, unwilling to yield, but Kirito soon lowered his hand with a sigh, before voicing out in a usually deep pitch.
"Geez, why do I have to study for exams after coming this far..."
What Kirito said was true, he certainly couldn't even imagine that he would be learning sacred arts in the central capital back when he was swinging an axe to chop wood at Rulid Village. He completely agreed that sword practice was more fun than memorizing complicated spells, but with continuous failures in the academic tests, the qualifications to get a recommendation for the tournament would be out of reach regardless of how good their swordsmanship was.
—And Eugeo's partner, who should have understood all of that to be fact without him explaining it, combed his hair, as jet-black as his uniform, upwards before speaking in a flat tone.
"Eugeo-kun. I will now cram with all my might for this entire night until lights-out, so would you be ever so kind and bring my portion of food from the dining hall?"
"Understood. ...You should've simply done it bit by bit like normal."
"I couldn't agree more on that matter. However, there are people who are unable to do that, you know..."
Leaving that oddly philosophical remark behind, Kirito trudged through the living room and vanished into his own room through the door to the north.
Unlike the novice trainees' dormitory that they had been living in until one and a half months ago, the elite swordsmen-in-training's dormitory was in the shape of a perfect circle. It was a three-story building with an atrium in the center, a corridor forming a ring around it indoors, and the rooms where the twelve swordsmen-in-training stayed were lined up on the outer edge to the south.
The first floor had the dining hall and a large bath, while the second and third floors each had six residences for the students. It was set up to have one living room shared with every two rooms and the residence for Eugeo and Kirito was on the third floor.
The rooms were automatically arranged based on the placing in the combined examinations of the first school year, with the first place in room 301, on the eastern-most side of the third floor, second in room 302... and continuing with that allocation, the twelfth was placed in room 206, on the second floor. As Eugeo's room was 305 and Kirito's was 306, which meant that Eugeo was 5th among the 120 novice trainees, while Kirito had attained 6th with his scores.
The two were successful in being granted connecting rooms half through intention, but the other half was merely good luck. Of course, they had first attempted to dominate the 1st and 2nd place for themselves—but they had no choice but to settle for lower than that, even when they had tried their hardest—Kirito placed 4th in the official match with the instructors, while Eugeo could only get 5th place, which had ended up making them fret over getting separated rooms, but Kirito lost more points in the style performance and sacred arts examination, getting 6th place.
As a result, the objective of getting connected rooms was achieved, but worries of a different kind were left behind.
After all, in one year... no, there were only ten months left until they had to graduate the academy ranked 1st and 2nd, so as to receive the rights to participate in the Empire Swordsmanship Tournament. Kirito was 7th and Eugeo, 8th, when they had entered, so they had improved, but considering how there were still four others to go, it certainly was no time to be optimistic.
But on the other hand, Kirito was calm, acting as though becoming an elite swordsman-in-training was as good as having won already. It wasn't like there was no basis for that confidence; what determined the ranks for swordsmen-in-training would not be the usual examinations that used combined scores, but the «official matches» that occurred four times a year. These matches would not be against instructors but amongst the students instead, so grading criteria and such would be ignored, making victory over their opponent the main goal.
And that abnormal-in-various-aspects partner of his had obtained a magnificent victory in a first strike match, when they were still novice trainees a mere two months ago, against the head elite swordsman-in-training back then. In actual fact, it was ruled as a draw by the umpire, but that was unmistakably Kirito's win. Not to mention the opponent he crossed swords with was the heir to a second class noble family that had served as swordsmanship instructors for the Imperial Knight Order for generations, an unbelievable Mighty Sword user.
He had been taught the Aincrad-style swordsmanship known only by that Kirito for over two years now, so it wasn't like Eugeo had no faith in his own sword. However, it was another story if you were to ask him if he could be as assured as his partner was. Even on the day before a written examination, he had no intention of skipping out on his daily training.
His usual practice partner had retired to his own room to cram for the entire night, so Eugeo exited the room with nothing but his own wooden sword in hand.
On the other side of the inner corridor stretching out into a large circle was the atrium that extended from the first floor through to this third floor, with the deep red sunset skies visible through the round skylight above. There wasn't such an indulgent building in the town of Zakkaria, let alone Rulid Village where he was from. Even the floorboards were made from polished, high quality wood and numerous pieces of art were hung along the curved walls, the empire's history as their theme.
—No matter how I tell them that I'm living in such a majestic building, even having someone exclusively assigned to aid me, none of my elder brothers back home would believe me, huh.
Eugeo's thoughts drifted as he went through the long corridor.
We may be elite swordsmen-in-training, but this level of hospitality was already being shown to mere students. If I was a veteran swordsman, frequently displaying good results at the Unity Tournament—or beyond that, one of the integrity knights of the Axiom Church, holding onto more authority than even those from the households of the four emperors, just what sort of luxurious lifestyle would I lead?
"...Oof, not good."
Eugeo rapped himself on the head with the wooden sword he had rested on his shoulder.
A year had passed since he had enrolled and perhaps due to getting a little used to the life at the academy, there were times when he was about to lose sight of the feelings he held when he set out on this journey from the village. He was not here to gain fame or honor as a swordsman.
"...Alice..."
As if he was advising himself, he muttered the name precious to him.
Living here, winning in the official matches, and even his aim to become an integrity knight, none of those were the end result, but only the process. To take back that blonde childhood friend of his, who should be confined somewhere within the Axiom Church's Central Cathedral—
After descending to the first floor through the stairs constructed on the northern side of the building, Eugeo headed towards the exclusive practice arena beside the dormitory. This too, was one of the privileges of the elite swordsmen-in-training. He had swung his wooden sword in either a large, crowded practice hall or an open-air outdoor training field back when he was a novice trainee, but now he was able to practice indoors in a bright and spacious area, for as long as he liked.
Opening the door at the end of a short passage, the refreshing scent of the annually refurbished floors welcomed Eugeo. Standing still, he was about to inhale it before he stopped his breath. He could sense a faint, sticky smell mixed into the air.
When he got out of the small changing room, into the practice arena, those foreboding feelings turned to reality.
The two male students positioned right in the middle of the vast wooden floor noticed Eugeo and turned to look at him with blunt scowls. Perhaps in the midst of style practice, one of them stayed still with his wooden sword held aloft, while the other was adjusting his stance, but then both of them dropped their arms in an unnatural motion.
You don't have to be that cautious, I won't be stealing your techniques; muttering that thought in his mind, Eugeo simply gave a light nod and started walking towards a corner of the practice arena. He figured they would ignore him as usual, but for some reason tonight, the ones who had arrived earlier took a step forward and opened their mouths to speak.
"My, Swordsman-in-training Eugeo... you're alone tonight?"
The one who called out was the man with his sword raised overhead. A garish red uniform covered his burly and tall body while his long and wavy blonde hair hung down. A delighted smile settled on his well-ordered face lacking any flaws, but that intentional pause after «Eugeo»[1] was to call attention to Eugeo's origins as a peasant with no family name.
Responding to harassment of this level would only serve to reduce the time he had for practice, so Eugeo returned the greeting with a contrived expression.
"Good evening, Swordsman-in-training Antinous. Yes, unfortunately, my roommate is..."
However, those words were interrupted by the other male student's shrill scream.
"How rude! When addressing Raios-dono by name, be sure to add in the «Head Swordsman-in-training»!"
Turning to the man wearing a pale yellow uniform with his grey hair plastered in oil, he performed a slight bow despite being fed up as one would expect.
"My humble apologies, Swordsman-in-training Zizek."
At that moment, the man immediately lost his temper and shouted after a step forward.
"And you dare repeat that insolence! When addressing me, you must add in the «second-ranked» as well! Or do you have no regard for the history and traditions of this honorable swordsmanship academy..."
"Come now, no need to speak any further, Humbert."
His shoulder was then patted from behind, making him quickly close his mouth and back off.
As indicated by those words earlier, this grey-haired Humbert Zizek was the second-ranked elite swordsman-in-training among the twelve students living in this dormitory. And the blonde male, Raios Antinous, was the head elite swordsman-in-training, ranked first. In other words, the month before last, Raios took over the position of the previous head who fought a fierce battle with Kirito, Uolo Levanteinn.
Despite how unalike Uolo; who had the air of a stoic military man, Raios was, who was a man who could not be said to be any closer to the very image of one from the higher ranks of nobility with the vanity that he exhibited, their command over swords were remarkably similar. That might only be natural, considering how they used the same, «High Norkia Style»; though it wasn't pleasant knowing that the sophisticated, if speaking in a positive light, or devious, in a negative, Raios was trained in the Mighty Sword designed to down in one hit, just like Uolo.
Kirito had mentioned this previously during a discussion over the matter. That half of that might behind the swords of students born in the higher ranks of nobility were from the huge pride they had nurtured since childhood. Raios' dedication towards swordsmanship and his intensity of training could not even reach Uolo's heels, but his pride surpassed the latter's by far. Thus, there was that abominable and almost viscous weight behind Raios' sword.
—However, could the word, pride, be interpreted to mean self-esteem? If they have that much self-esteem, why would they persist in such shallow harassment?
When Eugeo had rebutted him so, unconvinced, Kirito had then replied after pondering for a short moment.
—Self-esteem is the continuous judgement of oneself. But pride is not limited to merely that. Raios and the rest must have cultivated that pride through comparing themselves with others. Hence, they show contempt to us who weren't born as nobles or even born in the central capital. Or approaching it from the opposite angle, they are unable to maintain that precious pride of theirs without doing so.
Those words from Kirito were rather complex to Eugeo, but he interpreted it as the more he fed Raios' and Humbert's pride by being meek, the stronger their swords would get.
The thought that he might as well answer in a provocative and arrogant manner did come to mind, but unlike his partner, Eugeo had neither the knack of determining where the limits for violating the academy's regulations lie, nor the inclination to pick unnecessary fights in the first place.
Thus, although Eugeo was slightly ashamed of his obedient nature, he still gave a quick bow to show gratitude before heading towards the corner of the practice arena once again.
Upon stepping across the plain wooden floorboards which were newly cut from the forest near the central capital with plenty of Life remaining, those nasty feelings gradually faded away. In the central capital where nearly all buildings were made from stone, a place to enjoy the aroma of fresh wood was precious.
—Raios and Humbert have probably learnt swordsmanship from a private tutor since they were young, but even I've hit that Gigas Cedar two thousand times daily for seven years back in Rulid Forest. I might not have enough pride, but I definitely have self-esteem. ...Well, I wasn't waving a sword around though, but an axe.
With those thoughts in mind, he stopped in front of the logs meant for self-practice, standing beside the wall on the west side. These were replaced as well, at the same time as the floor, with barely any dents on their surfaces.
Holding the wooden sword made from platinum oak in his two hands, he took up the basic middle stance and regulated his breathing.
"Tsh!"
He swung down the wooden sword from overhead with a short yell. The thud of a heavy impact rang out and the log with a diameter of thirty cen quivered to its very core after being hit on its right.
Feeling the pleasant feedback from his hands, he took a step back and swung the sword down from the left side this time. Next, the right side, then the left again. After striking it for as many as ten times, everything then vanished from his cognizance aside from his own body and sword, and the log as well.
The practice Eugeo went through each night was to execute these downward swings from left and right for a total of four hundred times. He did not carry out any revision for the complex styles taught during the day exercises, like those that Raios and company were doing earlier. This was because his partner, and mentor as well, Kirito, said that there was no need for it.
—In this world, what's important is to put something into your sword.
When teaching Eugeo swordsmanship, he tended to voice that out.
—The «secret moves» of the Norkia-style, the Valtio-style, and our Aincrad-style are powerful. After all, you just have to understand the activation method and the sword will partially move all by itself. However, the problem lies before that. The number of matches where secret moves will go against secret moves, like when I fought against Uolo, will likely increase from now on. In that case, the rest will be determined by the weight behind the sword.
Weight.
Even Eugeo understood that it was not a word that referred simply to the weight of the sword itself.
The one who Kirito had fought against, Uolo Levanteinn, put the self-esteem and heavy responsibility from being born in a family that instructed the Knight Order in swordsmanship into his sword. The senior that Eugeo served for a year as his valet, Gorgolosso Baltoh, used the confidence from the body of steel he had trained. The student that guided Kirito, Sortiliena Serlut, used her expertise in the techniques that she honed. And lastly, Raios and Humbert had converted their pride as upper class nobles into the weight of their swords.
Then, what should I put into my sword?
Eugeo had asked without thinking and Kirito then replied with his usual smirk. You would have to find that out yourself, he said. But perhaps he thought that saying that alone was too irresponsible, as he continued on; you won't be finding it even if you do style practice the whole time.
That was the reason behind the earnest striking practice Eugeo repeated day after day while on the journey towards Centoria, and even after gaining admission to the Sword Mastery Academy. Because all Eugeo had, as he was neither a noble nor a swordsman, were the years of experience sincerely swinging an axe in that forest south of Rulid.
No, there was actually one other thing.
The desire to recover Alice who was taken away by the Axiom Church. Even while swinging this wooden sword at this moment, the vestige of his blonde-haired childhood friend alone would not disappear from his mind. He believed it must have been the same back when he was chopping down the Gigas Cedar in his hometown's forest.
It would be eight years soon, since that day in the summer.
When the integrity knight who had given his name as Deusolbert Synthesis Seven took away Alice, all Eugeo had done was to look on. Although he held onto the «Dragon Bone Axe» that could even sever iron at that time, he wasn't able to even brandish it. Despite how someone right beside him... a boy around the same age was screaming in desperation. Asking if he could really accept that.
That's right... who exactly was that? There shouldn't have been any other friends of his that had called his name in that manner aside from Alice. Even so, he could still recall those youthful shouts reverberating faintly, deep within his ears.
Automatically counting the number of strikes in a corner of his mind, Eugeo dived deep, deep into his memory; then it happened.
"Oh my, Eugeo-dono's practice is as mysterious as always, is it not?"
That amused voice echoed behind him and threw Eugeo's concentration into disarray. The sword's trajectory deviated slightly and an unpleasant recoil numbed his hands akin to when he had made a blunder swinging the axe during his woodcutting days.
Despite how there should have been quite a distance between Eugeo in the corner of the vast practice arena and Raios' group in the exact middle, the fact that the sound was that clear would be because they were intentionally raising their voices to make him hear. He should have been fed up of listening to their sarcasm by now, but he could only consider it shameful of himself for his emotions to be swayed, even now. Ignore them, ignore them; Eugeo tried to convince himself and was about to continue swinging his sword—
"Are you not curious about what meaning there is for Eugeo-dono to do that night after night, swinging that stick without style or finesse, Humbert?"
"I concur, Raios-dono."
Their exchange reached his ears again as they had intended and they went so far as to start snickering; even though he couldn't resort to physical means, he still gave a reply within his mind.
—And you're as spirited as always, though only when Kirito isn't around, Raios-kun.
Since the month before last, they have stopped the direct provocations whenever Eugeo and Kirito were together for some reason. In exchange, the scorn Eugeo received when he was alone accordingly increased, but it didn't seem to be because they found Eugeo easy to deal with, but because they were spooked by Kirito.
Apparently, something occurred between Kirito and them around the end of their novice trainee period, but his partner would only claim that it was merely "a slight quarrel" when he asked and of course, he couldn't ask Raios directly either. What seemed related though, was how Raios and Humbert had strangely pale faces on when they saw Kirito give an unusual potted blue flower to Sortiliena-senpai after the graduation ceremony last month, but he had absolutely no idea about the significance behind it.
Anyway, he could get by without being hassled by them when together with Kirito, which was something he had no qualms with. However, he couldn't very well hide in the shadow of his partner forever, having become an elite swordsman-in-training now.
The year's first official match was only a month away, in the middle of the sixth month. The final rankings may be decided based on just the one right before graduation, but a complete loss to Raios and his ally would only create unease in his future. A major reversal like how the Swordswoman-in-training Sortiliena who was always ranked second overthrew the immovable head, Uolo Levanteinn, in the final match was not common at all—or so, Gorgolosso had said in high spirits, as though it had concerned him personally.
The head this year, Raios, and the second-ranked, Humbert, were warriors who had received special training in the High Norkia-style since they were young, just like Uolo. Their characters were utterly unworthy of respect, but their swordsmanship would probably be a head above that of the other noble students. To be honest, even with only a month to go until the match, he still could not find that something he should put in his sword that would be capable of competing against their Mighty Sword.
—But at the very least, I definitely won't lose to you guys in terms of number of sword swings.
Ending his pensive thoughts and the four hundredth strike at the same time, Eugeo slowly straightened his body.
He removed a towel from his belt and first wiped clean his wooden sword. Next, he wiped off the sweat that had soaked down from his forehead to his nape while taking fleeting glances behind. Raios and his cohort were practicing in the middle of the practice arena as always, apparently reviewing the forms of each other's styles.
The moment he turned back and took a breath of air, the «Bell of Time Telling» that hung at the academy's main auditorium tower rang out the melody for 6 P.M., the same way the bell at the church back home did. The swordsmen-in-training's dormitory left much to the students' discretion, unlike the trainees' dormitory that was full of regulations, so dinner could be taken anytime from six to eight. Hence, a little more practice was perfectly possible, but he had to bring food back to the room for his partner who was hard at work studying for the tests today.
—Come to think of it, that Kirito didn't tell me what he wanted to eat. If there are those pickled tsubu gourds he's bad with, I'll get him an extra-large serving.
When he tucked the towel and wooden sword into his belt with those thoughts in mind and started walking towards the entryway, Raios spoke with his sword aloft, at a volume he could hear.
"My, it seems that Swordsman-in-training Eugeo plans to only hit that log, without conducting any style practice."
Without missing a beat, Humbert followed up.
"Raios-dono, from what I hear, it seems that Eugeo-dono was a woodcutter somewhere in the boondocks. Perhaps he doesn't know how to deal with anything except a log for an opponent?"
"I would have never known. If those are his circumstances, might it be best of us to offer our guidance for a single form at least, as fellow disciples of the same dormitory?"
"Oh, such magnanimity from you, Raios-dono, you're truly a model of the aristocrats!"
Eugeo restrained himself from sighing at the seemingly premeditated exchange that played out and tried to continue on his way. However, Humbert then addressed him directly, so he had no choice but to reluctantly halt his steps.
"How about it, Eugeo-dono. As Raios-dono mentioned, how about some guidance? You won't be given such a rare chance ever again."
With the matter having progressed this far, he couldn't feign ignorance and walk away any longer. Intentionally ignoring a conversation targeted at him would be the same as an act of disrespect. Primarily, the authority to punish held by elite swordsmen-in-training could only be used on novice and advanced trainees, so Humbert couldn't order any sort of punishment onto Eugeo, but there was still the possibility of submitting a complaint to the academy's management.
As such, Eugeo thought to take his leave with the single phrase, "Don't mind me" but another idea came to mind.
This might possibly be a good opportunity.
Raios and Humbert were the head and second-ranked elite swordsmen-in-training—in other words, they were the strongest and second strongest swordsmen among the students in the academy. Even Kirito said, "Don't make light of those guys" every now and then, so he had absolutely no intention of looking down on the pair's true strength.
But at the present moment, Eugeo found Raios and his comrade's usage of «pride as a source of strength» to be incomprehensible. Boasting about their high social status, looking down on students born in noble families below theirs or those of commoners, ridiculing them... should that nature of theirs really grant power to their swords? If he were to accept that, then wouldn't it bemire the «feelings of respect and affection towards others» taught to him by his parents, Sister Azariya from the church, Gasupht the village chief, and lastly, his childhood friend, Alice, when he was young?
Even now, when Eugeo was openly shown looks of scorn, he did not think to neglect the minimum amount of respect—affection was a little impossible though—for Raios and Humbert. However, if that attitude were to feed their pride, if it were to increase the force behind their swords even further, it would really be wasted on them.
That said, he didn't have even the slightest intention to choose a way of life similar to those two and scorn others... this was what he wished to find out before the official match next month. What exactly was the strength born from pride? Having them offer guidance on their own accord like right now could be a chance.
Eugeo quickly considered it in his head and added on an "It seems like what that Kirito would think up, huh" to his thoughts, before he opened his once-closed mouth.
"...This certainly might be the only chance to do so. Then could you allow me to accept your offer and receive your guidance, please?"
At that moment, Raios and Humbert both raised their eyebrows. It seems Eugeo's reaction was unexpected, but they soon curled their lips up into a faint grin.
First, Humbert spread his arms wide open and declared in a shrill voice.
"Haha, of course it is of no trouble! Now then, hurry and show us your form over there. That's right, let's start with the basics, try something like «Fierce Blaze Style, Third Form»..."
"No, Second-ranked Swordsman-in-training Zizek-dono."
Slightly sticking up his right hand, Eugeo spoke, cautiously picking his words.
"Given the rare opportunity, I wish to experience the Second-ranked Zizek-dono's esteemed sword with my own body, rather than have a review on forms."
"......What did you say?"
The sneer immediately left Humbert's face. In exchange, suspicion of Eugeo's intentions and the cruelty a wild beast displays as it torments its prey with its claws, showed themselves.
"Experience, with your body... you say? In other words... do you have the desire to be struck by my sword, Swordsman-in-training Eugeo?"
"Of course, I would like to ask for you to stop immediately before you do so, but I am the one who requested guidance, after all. Asking for any more on your part would be impertinent of me."
"Oh now, I see, I see. So, you're suggesting that you do not object to ending it only after the first strike?"
The neatly combed down grey hair looked as though they slightly bristled. Those eyes, thin even under normal circumstances, narrowed even further to nearly lines, with a brutal leer focusing deep within them. It seems Eugeo's overly respectful manner of speaking had aroused his sadistic anticipation.
"True, it is only my duty as the second-ranked swordsman-in-training as well as one born in a fourth class noble family, to respond to a plea for instruction. Very well, I shall show you my sword techniques, Eugeo-dono."
The minute he said so, he unsheathed the wooden sword at his side, in his belt, in an exaggerated motion. It was made of the same platinum oak as Eugeo's, but elaborate patterns were engraved onto the side of its blade.
With Humbert by his side acting in that manner, Raios first thought to say something to him, but perhaps thinking better of it, immediately shut his mouth. Taking slow steps backwards until he was three mel away, he nodded with a vague smile when Humbert turned to look at him.
Getting more into it with the acknowledgement of his superior, Humbert loosely hung his hands, and pointed his sword tip straight at Eugeo who was standing upright and then shouted.
"Now, here I come! This is the essence of the High Norkia-style... learn it through your body!"
Spreading his feet out front and back, he held his sword up as though he was resting it atop his shoulder. This stance was the secret move of the Norkia-style, «Lightning Flash Slash». Contradictory to his words earlier, he did not try to use the powerful High Norkia-style «Heavenly Mountain Rending Wave» out of concern for Eugeo's body—no, he probably just didn't want to use it.
That said, Lightning Flash Slash wasn't a technique that could be looked down upon. Even with the edgeless wooden sword, it would reduce a person's Life by half if it struck directly on the head and caused that person to lose consciousness for a while. Of course, «reducing someone else's Life» was a major violation of the Taboo Index, but in a bout agreed on by both parties, the maximum of a single hit could be forgiven. And there was no doubt that Humbert was aiming not to stop before contact, but to deal a full hit.
The craftwork that was the wooden sword brandished by the second-rank swordsman-in-training let out a blue glow. The speed that he activated the secret move with, after entering the stance was as expected of him. However, Eugeo could distinctively predict the path the sword would draw. After all, Lightning Flash Slash was utterly identical to one of the many secret moves of the Aincrad-style swordsmanship, «Vertical».
"...Shrya!!"
With a high-pitched bellow, Humbert's sword charged in.
Right before that, Eugeo moved his right hand as well. Pulling his wooden sword from his left waist, he activated a secret move after an instant of concentration. He went against the opponent's sword that shot down from straight above with a slanted upward slash from below. Aincrad-style, «Slant».
The many secret moves taught by Kirito were all named not in the Common Tongue, but the Sacred Tongue instead, for some reason. It seems that even Kirito himself didn't know why. He likely forgot it due to the memory loss that he had when he appeared at Rulid as a «Lost Child of Vector», but in that case, it was a true stroke of luck that he did not forget his sword techniques as well.
Slant was a single-hit technique just like Lightning Flash Slash, but the ability to attack in two directions, from top-right to bottom-left, or from bottom-left to top-right, was its best feature. Especially the latter, with its stance being the same as the action of drawing a sword from the waist, thus allowing a major reduction in the time required to activate it.
Normally, if the opponent in a duel was spotted using a secret move, there wouldn't be enough time to receive it with another one, so one had no choice but to jump backwards or to the sides with all of one's strength to dodge—though that was rarely successful. But the Slant that Eugeo let out late drew a pale blue streak as it violently collided with Humbert's Lightning Flash Slash in the air, causing noise and light unthinkable for a couple of wooden swords.
"Nuoo...!"
Humbert let out a short cry, but the surprise that showed instantly on his face was converted to wrath and he applied pressure to his sword with all his might. The blue and light blue radiance enveloping the clashing swords had yet to vanish. If either of those swords were to be pushed back a few cen, the secret move would end in that moment and that person would likely be sent flying. Eugeo put his spirit in bracing his feet, pushing the sword in his right hand to the very end.
With a dull grating noise, Humbert's sword drew back by two cen. The blue gleam of the Lightning Flash Slash flickered, implying the end of the skill.
—As I thought, I'm better in terms of pure strength!
It might have been within expectations, but receiving this opportunity to prove it for real gave true meaning to Eugeo. He could not hope to match the motions of the nobles, refined to the extent of even paying attention to the angles that their fingertips were at, but in just this one thing, the physical strength tempered by waving a heavy axe two thousand times day after day in the forest back home, was not something he would lose at. Even Gorgolosso, who boasted about his steel-like body, praised Eugeo's body for being "slender, but masterfully trained".
There were some among the noble students trained in the High Norkia-style who ridiculed the Valtio-style displayed by Gorgolosso, who was born of common folk, as «rural swordsmanship», but putting aside the performance art it was a competition of beautiful, brute strength that served as a splendid weapon for duels. And along with the adaptive Aincrad-style passed on from Kirito, he could bring any situation into a simple clash of swords.
—Even if he had not found «something to put into his sword», with the techniques and strength polished by those two, he wouldn't lose no matter who the high ranked noble was!
Embracing that conviction in his chest, Eugeo put all he had into the swing of his sword.
However, it happened then. Humbert's face, visible beyond the crossed swords, became an eerie countenance that could be described as evil.
"Don't get... ahead of yourself!"
His eyes and eyebrows could be raised no further; a metallic roar of anger burst out from between his bared teeth. At the same time, the blue light that was nearly gone renewed, tinged with shades of dusky black.
Creak. This time, the violent grating was from Eugeo's wooden sword. The pressure on his right arm multiplied with a sharp pain running through his wrist and shoulder. The two cen it had been pushed back by was instantly regained and the two wooden swords clashed back where they had started.
—What is this power!?
Barely stopping it, Eugeo opened his eyes wide. Humbert, who normally doesn't work up much of a sweat and spends all his time inspecting the style forms, even when he comes to the practice arena, should not possess this much strength. If this wasn't physical strength... is this the «pride as a source of strength» that Kirito was talking about? Prizing himself and looking down on others; was the power granted to his sword with that disposition, incompatible with Eugeo's values, and enough to overturn days after days of training?
I can't believe it. I definitely don't want to believe that the God of Creation Stacia could forgive such a way of life.
The moment he tried to deny the phenomenon happening before his own eyes, Humbert bristled his hair with a wicked expression on and murmured.
"Did you think you could beat my sword with a cowardly sneak attack?"
"Co... wardly...?"
"Indeed. What could you call pretending to get beaten before coming out with that skill without a style or anything else, but cowardly?"
"Th... That's wrong! This is my school... this is how the «Aincrad-style» is!"
Eugeo instinctively shouted back. If the High Norkia-style was a school that focused on the force and form of techniques, the Aincrad-style was a practical school that focused on the basic point of landing a hit with the sword beyond anything else. As such, it strives for speed in the activation of secret moves, even possessing «consecutive hit skills» that other schools do not have.
In other words, the idea behind the Aincrad-style was the way of life of its one and only disciple, Kirito, himself. Unglamorous, unpretentious, a straight push on towards the goal. Not giving up even after running into a wall, challenging it again for the second time, the third time. If he wasn't together with him, Eugeo wouldn't have reached the town of Zakkaria, let alone Centoria.
That was why Eugeo vehemently objected to Humbert who concluded that the Aincrad-style was cowardly.
However, the tremors in his heart influenced his sword as well, getting pushed back further. It was Eugeo's turn for the pale blue light surrounding his wooden sword to flash unsteadily. He spread his feet and arched his upper body, desperately trying to hold his position.
Humbert gave a smug smirk and whispered in a voice like that of nails scratching glass.
"The vileness of that school is oozing out from your unsightly appearance. You must be thinking of usurping either Raios-dono or me in the next official match... but that is impossible. I'll crush your right shoulder and make you unable to wave a sword for a while right here."
"Kuh...!"
He clenched his teeth to endure, but the pressure from Humbert's sword continued to intensify. A secret move for swords could continue on for quite some time even if it's forced back, as long as it returns on the same trajectory, but Eugeo's sword was being attacked by Humbert's Lightning Flash Slash from straight above and had already left its original trajectory. If it was pushed back one cen, no, even five millicen more, the Slant would be interrupted and as declared, his right shoulder would suffer a painful blow.
Of course, there was a superb medical office in the Sword Mastery Academy, with various medicines stored there and healers trained in specialized Sacred Arts stationed there as well. However, there was a limit to the effects of medicine and arts and a wound as heavy as a broken bone might not be able to recover instantly, even if a hazardous Sacred Art like directly transferring Life from another was used. If he were to receive such a wound now, there was no way he could show up at the official match in the coming month—...
—What am I, stupid?! How can a swordsman be afraid of injury!!
Eugeo shook off the fear creeping into his heart in an instant and concentrated all of his consciousness into his sword.
Despite having the chance to leave, the one who had responded to Humbert's provocation and picked a duel was himself. He felt it was too shameful of himself, getting shaken by his opponent's words and being afraid of failure despite that. If he were to draw his sword, he would have to be determined to use up all of his skill and strength and let things fall into place. That's the spirit behind the Aincrad-style.
—And, I have still yet to use up all that I have.
Focusing not on Humbert, a sadistic smile forming on his face, but purely on the existence of the wooden sword held in his right hand instead. The toughness and weight, the warped and sore parts of the evergreen oak that created it made themselves known to his arm and he even felt the power behind the Slant, on the verge of vanishing, as subtle vibrations.
Make yourself one with the sword. That was what his close friend and teacher, Kirito, had always said.
He was not quite at that stage yet, but perhaps thanks to the daily practice swings, he felt like he could sense something similar to the voice of the sword every now and then. Not there, this is how you should move, that was how it spoke.
And now too, Eugeo heard the whispers of the sword—or so, he thought.
It would only be natural to be cut down if all he did was to receive a skill coming from above. He should change the skill.
"——Uooh!"
In that moment, Eugeo moved while letting out a rare yell. Turning over his right wrist, he received Humbert's sword with the right side of the blade. Slant was interrupted in that instant with the opponent's Lightning Flash Slash approaching his shoulder while surging with a blue-black light.
Eugeo did not go against that force, guiding his wooden sword to rest atop his shoulder. Without a moment's delay, he activated the Aincrad-style secret move, «Vertical»—
Humbert's sword touched the right sleeve of his training clothes and tore off several cen of the indigo blue fabric.
But then, Eugeo's sword fiercely forced his opponent's sword back while covered in a vivid blue light.
"Nuah!"
Humbert stared wide at the unexpected counterattack. Both Humbert and his partner were aware of the «consecutive hit skills» unique to the Aincrad-style, but linking one secret move to another certainly was beyond their expectations. Even Eugeo had no idea it was possible. He simply let his body move itself in the midst of battle.
Humbert's wooden sword was instantly pushed back over five cen and the light from Lightning Flash Slash quickly vanished. His posture was also very much broken, with both his feet leaving the floorboards.
However, that may have been for the best— His left shoulder would have been hit by Eugeo's sword had he stood firm; the force from the secret move, Vertical, rendered his entire body aloft, blowing him over three mel behind.
If he fell onto the floor like that, the bout would be irrefutably Eugeo's victory, but he obstinately refused to fall down as expected of him and he took tottering steps. He bent his body as much as he could, preserving an insecure balance.


I'll definitely get the win here if I give chase, Eugeo thought, but before he could regain his mobility from the posture of having swung his sword straight down, a loud voice rang through the practice arena.
"That's enough. This duel shall be a draw."
The owner of those pompous words was of course, Raios Antinous, with his red lips formed into a faint smile. Having finally regained his stance, Humbert shouted while looking unsatisfied.
"Ra-Raios-dono! For me to draw with this barbari- no, this rural swordsman is...!"
"Humbert."
The head swordsman-in-training merely called his name out calmly, but the second-ranked quickly lowered his head. Switching the sword to his left hand and pressing it against his waist, he sloppily knocked his right fist against his chest in an gesture to show gratitude as a knight and turned his back against Eugeo without waiting for him to return the expression.
With Humbert accompanying behind him on the left, Raios smiled as he took a glance at Eugeo and brought his hands together in mock-applause as he spoke.
"I have greatly enjoyed that curious trick of yours, Swordsman-in-training, Sir Eugeo. What are your opinions on gaining employment in the Imperial Acrobatics Troupe after graduation?"
"...I am very much in your debt for the concern you have granted me, Swordsman-in-training Antinous."
He tried omitting the «Head» and «-dono» as a rebuff at the very least, but Raios showed no indication of minding it and returned a composed nod before he started on the walk towards the entryway. Humbert who followed after him glared at Eugeo with the corners of his eyes lifted as high as he could manage.
With his soft leather shoes used for practice squeaking as he walked, Raios stopped when he passed by Eugeo who was still standing in the middle of the practice arena and murmured in a deep voice.
"I'll show you the true power of a noble next time."
"...I don't mind it even now, though."
He was frankly totally exhausted after four hundred practice swings and the unexpected duel, but Eugeo still replied so, half through stubbornness. However, Raios gave a snickering grin before starting on his way once again and spoke in an even more faint voice.
"Merely swinging swords around isn't much of a fight, peon without a surname."
Behind the head swordsman-in-training, who left a hoarse snicker, followed Humbert with a menacing expression. But he passed by without saying a word and the sound of the door opening and shutting soon echoed from behind.
In the midst of the silence that finally arrived, Eugeo let out a deep breath of air and brooded.
Strength originating from the «pride of the nobles». That, which he had experienced sword-to-sword for the first time, possessed a pressure beyond his expectations. If he had continued on with that Slant, he would have likely been forced back and gotten his right shoulder broken. As his sword had taught him, there were disadvantages in parrying a sword slashing downwards from below, but that wasn't all there was to it. Humbert's nature of showing contempt and looking down on Eugeo as a lower class person constrained his sword and body like a curse.
He was saved by the flexibility of the Aincrad-style for being able to send out secret moves from various stances this time, but in the duels during the official matches that will continue for another year, he could not rely solely on surprise attacks. There would likely be situations where he would have to overpower the other party from the front with strength.
Until then, Eugeo would definitely have to find it. «Something to put in his sword» that could oppose Humbert's and Raios' bottomless pride.
While raising the wooden sword still held in his right hand and gently stroking the abused blade with his left, Eugeo muttered.
"...Thank you. Please help me out next time too."
Slotting the sword into the belt on his waist, the short chime of a bell announced the arrival of six-thirty just as he started walking. It was finally about time for Kirito, cramming seriously in his room, to get hungry. Crossing the plain white wooden floor in haste, Eugeo gave a bow to the empty practice arena when he reached the door and rushed towards the exclusive dining hall.
Going through the short passage, he entered the elite swordsmen-in-training's dormitory. There were no residential rooms on the first floor and in their stead, a large bath, dining hall and lounge were lined up.
Mealtimes in the novice trainees' dormitory were fixed and the daily menu already decided, but quite some flexibility was given to both in the swordsmen-in-training's dormitory. It opened from six to eight and one could get the somewhat old male cook there who worked full-time to serve up any dish desired among a variety of menus that changed daily. Not to mention one could either eat at the dining hall or bring it back to their rooms.
Raios and Humbert had luckily made their way to the bath first and there were no signs of other swordsmen-in-training in the dining hall. As he approached the kitchen's counter, he checked the menus for the day posted on the bulletin board. It appears that roast mutton, deep-fried white-fleshed fish or chicken meatball stew could be chosen for the main dish.
...Let's see, if it's him, he'll get the stew, along with fresh vegetables in cheese and pickled oli, but I'm not too sure if he wants chilled siral water for drinks.
He quickly thought that and while feeling a little dejected that he had already became familiar with his partner's tastes in food before he knew it, Eugeo leaned over the counter and shouted.
"Good evening! Take-out for two please, erm, as for the main dish..."
Part 2[edit]
He braced himself for any sort of harassment that might come, but after even several days had passed from that sudden duel, he still hadn't heard a single thing out of Raios and company.
Humbert merely gave him hateful glares when passing him by in the swordsmen-in-training's dormitory or the central school building, without even a single word of resentment. He did tell Kirito about the practice arena incident just in case and warned him to watch out, but it seems that absolutely nothing happened on his side either.
"It feels kind of weird... I didn't think they would be the type to stay quiet from merely receiving a draw in a duel. Raios also said something that sounded like a threat as well..."
Leaning against the old cloth couch, Eugeo tilted his head to the side and Kirito, sitting on the opposite side, started to speak while raising a ceramic cup.
"I don't believe there's any chance of them changing their characters either. But thinking about it, it's pretty hard to do something nasty in this swordsmen-in-training dorm."
He held the kohiru tea without milk to his mouth and contentedly drank it down.
It was 9:30 P.M., with the tempestuous past week over and the break finally just a day away. They would be in dreamless slumber in their respective rooms at this time on weekdays, having settled their daily practice, meals and baths, but this particular night every week was reserved for them to chat about various matters in the shared living room while drinking tea.
Eugeo picked up his own cup and took a lick of some of the boiling pitch-black liquid, his face involuntarily turning into a frown. His partner was fond of this powdered tea only available from the south empire and would definitely make it when in charge of the tea, but Eugeo felt it to be too bitter by itself. He poured in plenty of milk from the small pot and stirred it with a teaspoon while prompting a return to the topic with his sight before Kirito raised an unexpected question.
"That's right... just for example, what kind of pranks did you play while schooling during your childhood in Rulid?"
After drinking a mouthful of the kohiru tea that lost its bitterness, leaving behind only a curious aroma, Eugeo loosened the tension in his shoulders and replied.
"I'm mainly the one those pranks were played on, though. Look, you remember, don't you, Kirito, that guard captain called Jink who challenged me to a duel during the festivities before the journey. He harassed me quite a bit... Hiding my shoes somewhere, putting those annoying bugs in my meal bag or jeering when I was together with Alice."
"Hahaha, guess kids fool around the same whichever world it is. ...But he didn't start beating you up or anything. Right?"
"Of course."
Eugeo answered with his eyes opened wide.
"There's no way he could do that. After all..."
"—It's strictly forbidden by the Taboo Index. «Unless another clause applies, you shall not intentionally reduce the Life of another person». ...But hold on, there's no problem with hiding your shoes? Theft is a major taboo too, right?"
"Theft is to make someone else's belongings into yours without permission. The sacred words in the «Stacia Window» that prove who the owner is will only transfer the ownership twenty-four hours after the item is kept on hand or left at home. That's why even if it was an item transferred with mutual consent, it can be returned anytime within one day and for those taken without consent, the proof of ownership won't disappear if left somewhere other than a home, so it won't be theft... —You didn't actually manage to forget a law as basic as this, did you?"
Eugeo stared intently at the face of Kirito who was a «Lost Child of Vector» and his partner laughed embarrassedly while messing up his black hair.
"Th-That's right, that's how it was. Of course I didn't forget about it, obviously... wait, huh? Then what about that? Wouldn't that mean Bercouli violated the law when he tried to steal the Blue Rose Sword from the white dragon's nest in that old story?"
"Hey now, the dragon's not a human."
"I-I see..."
"Returning to the topic, pranks that involve hiding items aren't violations, but those left in the outdoors that don't belong to any particular person will begin to lose their Life after a while, so if it's not returned by then, it would become «damage to another's belongings». Thanks to that, my shoes were returned by evening, no matter how late it was, though... but why is this related to how Raios and company started behaving?"
After Eugeo leaned his head to the side, Kirito blinked his eyes as though he had completely forgotten he was the one who had brought up the topic, and spoke.
"Th-That's right. Erm, this academy has a ridiculously long list of rules in addition to the Taboo Index, you see. And within them, there's even a clause stating «You shall not enter the personal rooms of other students or staff without permission». In other words, Raios and Humbert can't enter this room and all of our belongings are safely kept in the room. Though it's a different story if we were to leave something important in a public place without proper caution..."
He paused there for a moment for some unknown reason, but Kirito soon continued the explanation.
"...And of course, we haven't done that. Hence, Raios and his buddy can't do anything with our property in the first place, like how Jink-kun bullied that helpless kid, Eugeo, in Rulid Village."
"You didn't need that helpless bit. Hmm... I see. I didn't even think about it until now, but it's true that there's no way to do anything more than insulting someone else in this swordsmen-in-training's dormitory, huh."
"And those insults become an act of disrespect that warrants the «Punishment Authority» if they cross a certain line."
Adding that on, Kirito grinned.
The Punishment Authority refers to an authority granted only to the elite swordsmen-in-training through one of the academy regulations that allows them to practically act in the place of instructors. In cases of acts of disrespect or foolhardiness that borders on breaching the rules or cannot be turned a blind eye to, swordsmen-in-training are able to use their own judgement to give a fitting punishment according to the severity of the act. The case where Kirito, who pointing it out himself, had made a large stain of dirt on the uniform of the previous head swordsman-in-training, Uolo Levanteinn, was ordered to participate in a first strike duel as punishment and was still fresh in his mind.
The Punishment Authority for swordsmen-in-training was basically for guiding novice and advanced trainees, but there was no word of it being restricted to trainees in the academy regulations. In other words, a swordsman-in-training imposing a punishment on another was theoretically possible and that was the reason why the contempt and insults from Raios and Humbert had somewhat cooled down compared to the previous year.
Kirito had emptied his cup, so Eugeo poured in another serving and his partner dribbled in a little milk before gently stirring it. It looked like he would still be wondering for a bit while skillfully spinning the silver teaspoon in his fingers, but he nodded once and spoke before long.
"If they can't mess with our stuff, they can only go after us. In that case, the quick and easy way would be to challenge us to a first strike match and land a hit, but they've already tried that on you, Eugeo, and ended with a draw. Other than that, oh right, if I think about it... they could only bribe me with money to distance myself from Eugeo, I guess."
"Eh..."
Eugeo, who automatically let out that forlorn voice, was flustered and closed his mouth, but Kirito grinned and spoke pompously.
"Don't you worry, kid. Big brother here won't just toss you aside."
"I-I wasn't worrying about that! ...But putting money aside, what if they were to stack up those special meat buns from Gottlo's store?"
"That might do the trick."
After nodding with a deadpan expression at what Eugeo pointed out, he cheerfully laughed out loud.
"Well, jokes aside, I don't think there's much cause for worry for anything aside from them messing with our property or us directly."
But then, Kirito's expression tensed up and continued with a sober voice.
"But if you were to turn that around, it wouldn't be strange for them to come up with anything as long as it doesn't touch on the Taboo Index or academy regulations. They likely don't have the slightest intention to surrender their positions as the head and second-ranked, after all... Eugeo, do try to think of anything we might have missed."
"Yeah, I got it. There isn't even a month until the first official match. Let's both take care so that we can fight them in our best conditions."
"Yeah. ...That said, it might just be a plan to make us worry by threatening us, huh. Let's not forget our composure and stay cool[2]."


At those strange words Kirito spoke as he emptied his cup, Eugeo blinked in surprise.
"What did you say? S... st...?"
Upon asking in return, his partner let his eyes wander for some reason before clearing his throat with a cough and spoke.
"That was, well, the first of the essential points of the Aincrad-style. It means something like, let's stay calm and go on. It can be used for farewells too though... then I'll see you again; something like that."
"Heh. Got it, I'll remember it. St... stay cool."
Those words that he figured were in the Sacred Tongue just like the secret moves were of course, new to his ears, but they felt unusually familiar when he said them out loud. Upon repeating them numerous times in a whisper, Kirito clapped his hands together with an embarrassed expression for some reason.
"Now then, the ten o'clock bell will be ringing soon, so let's call it a night. Also, regarding tomorrow, Eugeo-kun, there's a trifling matter I'll have to attend to..."
"No way, Kirito. There's no way I'll let you escape, this time especially."
While tidying up the tea utensils, he gave his partner a fleeting scowl.
There were plans on the rest day tomorrow to go on an outing—that said, the location was the forest within the academy premises, though—which included a bonding session together with the valet trainees, Tiezé and Ronye. Having predicted that Kirito would come up with some sort of reason to escape from his behavior when he was invited, Eugeo told him with a sigh.
"Look here, a month has already passed since we became Tiezé's and Ronye's mentors. You were treated kindly by Sortiliena-senpai who you served as a valet last year too, right?"
"Outside of sword practice time, that is. ...That brings me back, I wonder if she's doing well..."
"Don't you look away. I'm saying that it's your turn to be a good senior now. Understand this, those two will be coming at nine in the morning tomorrow, so get prepared before then!"
When Eugeo pointed his index finger straight at him, Kirito replied with a dragged out "Yes" and got up from the couch. The two carried the tea utensils to the sink installed at the end of the living room and Kirito washed them with Eugeo wiping them immediately after. He had drawn well water in Rulid and Zakkaria to use, but here a metal pipe that supplied clean water just by twisting the stopper was present in most of the buildings in Centoria. He thought it was a sacred instrument for sure, like the «Bell of Time Telling», the first time he saw it, but it was actually pressurized using aerial elemental sacred arts on the multiple gigantic water wells in each district, pushing the water through countless pipes.
As a result, the water flowing out from the tap was always fresh, with no need to be concerned over deterioration in Life, like for drawn water. How glad the kids who were made to draw the water each morning would be if Rulid had this arrangement as well—finishing the washing while thinking of such things, he lined up the variety of the now-clean cups on the shelf.
Gulping down the water directly from the tap in the end, Kirito wiped his mouth before letting out a big yawn.
"Well then, please wake me up at eight o'clock tomorrow. Good night, Eugeo."
"Eight o'clock is too late, make it seven-thirty! Good night, Kirito."
Exchanging parting phrases, he added on what suddenly came to mind.
"...Stay cool."
Upon doing so, his partner who was heading towards his own room looked over his shoulder and spoke with a wry smile.
"It may be used for farewells, but that's not something you would use before sleeping every night, really. Use it only if you really consider it to be a parting."
"Hmm, complicated, isn't it. Understood... then, see you tomorrow."
"Yeah, see you tomorrow."
Lightly waving his right hand, Kirito sank into the room on the north side, before Eugeo switched the lamp off and opened the door on the opposite side.
The bedroom as spacious as nearly half of those rooms that accommodated ten in the novice trainees' dormitory was neatly cleaned by his valet, Tiezé, so there wasn't even a speck of dirt. Changing his home wear into long white pyjamas, he plopped himself onto the soft bed.
Along with the drowsiness that crept up on him all at once, somehow, he could faintly hear merely a single part of the conversation from earlier in his ears.
—But if you were to turn that around, it wouldn't be strange for them to come up with anything as long as it doesn't touch the Taboo Index or academy regulations.
Those was the words Kirito said in caution of Raios and Humbert. He nodded back then, but still, it was a way of thinking difficult for Eugeo to comprehend all of a sudden.
In the process of getting here from the time he was a child, there were a considerable number of times when Eugeo searched for loopholes as well, whether in the Rulid Village's laws, the Zakkaria Guard Squadron's rules or the Sword Mastery Academy's regulations. However, the times he thought of challenging the most eminent law in the Human World, the Taboo Index, was zero—no, once only.
That one time was eight years ago, when the integrity knight from the Axiom Church had arrived in the village to take Alice away. Eugeo thought about hitting the Knight with the Dragon Bone Axe held in his two hands to save Alice, but in actual fact, he hadn't take a single step. Even now, if he recalls that instant, there would be a throbbing deep in his right eye for some reason.
Of course, he didn't have even a fragment of defiance towards the integrity knights or Church now. That Knight took Alice away according to the law, so he would gain the right to pass the Church's doors through proper means and reunite with Alice. It was for that reason that Eugeo had left the village and overcome many hardships to become an elite swordsman-in-training at the academy.
However, as Kirito had said, if Raios and Humbert were thinking that "anything would be fine if it doesn't touch the Taboo Index"... in the end, were they unwillingly abiding by the absolute law that was established at the beginning of the world according to the Axiom Church? Do they feel the Taboo Index to be a hindrance in their minds...?
Even if it was Raios and his partner, that shouldn't happen. Even doubting the Taboo Index was unforgivable, it was the conclusive truth that even the emperor should respect, it was the supreme law.
Eugeo looked up at the ceiling dyed blue by the pale moonlight while lightly biting his lips. If that thought was allowed, what was he protecting and why was he protecting it; looking on without moving even a single step when the integrity knight took Alice away that day, doing nothing but chopping the Gigas Cedar for over six years after that according to the law.
The core of his right eye slightly throbbed with a prickling sensation. Eugeo forced his eyelids down, cast his disorganized thoughts away and his body sank into the depths of an indistinct slumber.

A high iron fence surrounded the Sword Mastery Academy grounds and a dense forest made up close to thirty percent of it. The stretch of old trees, with moss of a golden tint growing on them, and the sunlight that filtered through the swaying trees, dappled the green undergrowth, reminding him of the forest back home, but as Central Centoria was far south of Rulid, there was quite an abundance of small animals living there. Some that he had never set his sights on in the northern region, such as exceedingly small foxes or long and slender snakes in a shade of turquoise, basked in the sun everywhere and caught his eye despite it being over a year since he had come.
"Eugeo-senpai, are you listening?"
Hearing that voice from the side all of a sudden, Eugeo turned back in a fluster.
"Sorry, sorry, I'm listening. ...So, what was it?"
"You weren't listening, were you!"
The girl who shook her hair, its color that of ripe apples, while protesting was the one who served as Eugeo's valet trainee, Tiezé Shtolienen. Avoiding her eyes which were in a shade much like that of her hair, he tried to think up of an excuse.
"We-Well, the forest was so beautiful that I just... There are rare animals around too..."
"Rare?"
Tiezé followed Eugeo's sight and shrugged her shoulders in disinterest.
"Eeh, it's just a kintobi fox, isn't it? There are plenty of those even on the trees growing around the districts."
"Heh... That reminds me, you were born in the central, huh, Tiezé. Is your home nearby?"
"My home is in the 8th district, so it's a little far from the 5th district that the academy is in."
"I see... nn, eh?"
Eugeo turned to look again at Tiezé who was walking by his side. Even the novice trainee uniform that he wore and thought was a little tasteless last year looked strangely refined when worn by a girl. That was only to be expected; if Tiezé wasn't a student of the same academy, she wouldn't be someone Eugeo could even hope to talk to, as the son of peasants.
"Well, Tiezé, you were born as a noble, right? I thought that I heard that the residences for noble families were gathered in the 3rd and 4th districts, though..."
When he asked somewhat humbly, Tiezé's head drooped as though she was embarrassed and gave a small nod before shaking her head countless times.
"Father is a sixth class aristocrat at the very least... but being in the lower ranks of nobility is good too. Living in the residence streets close to the Imperial Administration is only for fourth class noble families and above and there's various limits to the rights held by the fifth and sixth classes. That father of mine has a habit of saying, 'It's way more relaxing being a commoner, being able to speak as they like without fearing the upper class nobles with the authority to judge'... ah, I-I apologize, I just..."
Apparently thinking that she spoke of an impolite matter to Eugeo, who was of commoner parentage, Tiezé bowed deeply while walking.
"Don't worry about it. Rather than that... what about that authority to judge, don't all of the nobles have it?"
While recalling the text of the Empire Fundamental Law he had studied the previous year, Eugeo asked and immediately got a loud "Absolutely not!" in return.
"The authority to judge is granted only to the fourth class and above, with the aristocrats who are fifth class and below on the other hand becoming the subject of those judgements from the upper class. My father works as a secretary in the Administration, but it seems there are many among the fifth and sixth class aristocrats laboring at the Imperial Castle or public offices who get sentenced for offending the upper class nobles. ...That said, those are matters between adults, so it seems to be mostly not physical punishment, but reduction of wages and such, though."
"I-I see... It must be problematic there as well, huh, in the world of nobles..."
Taking glances at Eugeo who had his eyes wide open, the red-haired novice trainee spoke rapidly with a slight blush on her cheeks for some reason.
"Li-Like I said... someone like me, the daughter of a sixth class aristocrat, is only nobility in name; our lifestyles aren't much different from all of the commoners."
"H-Hmm..."
While letting out a vague reply that neither agreed nor disagreed, Eugeo pondered on the empire's structure once more.
The «Empire Fundamental Law» spread by the Imperial Administration established the social system of the Norlangarth North Empire. That said, as every crime and their respective punishments were covered by the law superior to it, the Taboo Index, the Empire Fundamental Law was largely made up of conventions concerning the masses' class system. To put it in other words, the rights of the nobles and the rights of the commoners.
During the period he was a novice trainee, there was once when the elderly teacher in charge of teaching Law (the only other classes were «Sacred Arts» and «History» though) was asked a question by a certain black-haired male student. Teacher, why are there nobles and commoners in the Empire, he asked.
The teacher who was a lower class noble was at a loss for words for a moment, before answering in a stern tone.
—According to the prophecies heralded by the Axiom Church since ancient times, the army of darkness will invade in force from the four paths through the mountain range at the edge... «North Cave», «West Gorge», «South Corridor» and «East Gate» someday. To eradicate those vile demi-humans, all of those who hold the sacred tasks of being imperial knights or imperial guards from the four empires will have to battle as the «Human World Army». To stand at the head of the Human World Army as its commanders when that time comes, nobles are to polish their swordsmanship, study the arts and temper their mind and body.
Hearing that, Eugeo honestly felt admiration, despite sensing an unfathomable feeling.
Two years ago, together with Kirito, Eugeo had fought a group of goblins that had invaded from the land of darkness at the «North Cave» that the elderly teacher mentioned. Unfortunately, he had fallen unconscious from an attack from the goblin chief midway through the battle, but the demi-humans' horrifying appearances and feral, coarse voices were still vivid in his memories. After a discussion with Kirito, they decided not to speak a single word about the fight at the academy, but if the tale were to be told in detail, it would probably make half of the female students faint.
Of course, even Eugeo didn't want to experience that another time. Thus, he was genuinely impressed by the nobles who would be battling those scary goblins, as well as the orcs and ogres who were said to be even more bulky and ferocious than them, at the front lines.
But on the other hand. Over three hundred and eighty years have already passed since the God of Creation Stacia gave life to the Human World. In that time, the army of darkness had never successfully invaded in great numbers even once. In other words, the four empires, especially those from the upper class of nobility, have been exempted from the daily manual labor, living in spacious estates and exercising the authority to judge over the lower class nobles, all in preparation for an enemy they have never actually seen for themselves—without even knowing when they would come...
As though she could see what was in Eugeo's heart, Tiezé gave a light sigh while walking at his side and spoke.
"...Hence, my father wanted his eldest child to be conferred fourth class nobility, which would grant an immunity against judgement at the very least, before succeeding the family; that was why I was enrolled in the academy. If I were to be chosen as the representative for the academy and get a good placing in the Empire Swordsmanship Tournament, it wouldn't be an impossible goal... Well, for me who got eleventh on the entrance examinations' scores, it's probably a pipe dream no matter how hard I try, though."
Eugeo felt the young girl who stuck her tongue out for a short instant and smiled to be shining too radiantly and slightly narrowed his eyes.
Compared to himself, who had entered the academy for the personal reason of reuniting with his childhood friend who was taken away to the Church in the past, he thought Tiezé's stance of learning swordsmanship for the sake of improving her family's honor to be the proper self-esteem of the nobles.
"No... Tiezé, you're great. To please your father, you have worked so hard and got into the top twelve as a new student."
The moment Eugeo voiced that out seriously, a shrill reply immediately followed.
"No-Not at all! ...I merely got lucky because the theme for performance arts was a style I was strong at. I'm only at this standard after learning the sword from my father since three years old, so you're much more amazing, Eugeo-senpai. Despite how tough it was to gain a recommendation from a guard squadron, you easily achieved it and even became the fifth place among the elite swordsmen-in-training. I really believe it is an honor to be chosen to serve you as your valet, Eugeo-senpai."
"N-No, that's..."
Eugeo noticed his gesture of bending down his head and ruffling his bangs with his right hand was exactly the same as Kirito, who should have been following behind, and lowered his hand down in a hurry.
Tiezé said it was "an honor", but in truth, the only reason why the girl had become Eugeo's valet and Ronye became Kirito's, was to put it nicely, at the guidance of the God, Stacia, or to put it plainly, a coincidence.
Valets were selected using a system where the twelve students who became the new elite swordsmen-in-training singled one out, their turns based on their ranks, among the top twelve new students. In other words, this year, first would be the head, Raios, choosing one person, then the second-ranked Humbert choosing another, while Eugeo and Kirito should be the fifth and sixth to choose. However, after discussing it over with his partner as well, the two decided to shift their turns to the last. To make the new students not picked by the other ten their valets.
As a result, the two wooden tags granted to Eugeo and Kirito had Tiezé's and Ronye's names. They were a little lost for words when they found out both were female students—Kirito actually even had a complicated expression on—but still, Eugeo thought it was a good thing. After all, the unfair reasoning why the other ten did not choose Tiezé and Ronye was because the girls were the only ones born into sixth class noble families among the twelve.
Tiezé and Ronye obviously did not know the facts behind the selection meeting and there was no need to inform them. Eugeo thought it fortunate that they became their valets and Kirito was definitely... probably the same.
As such, after he coughed once, Eugeo shifted the topic to his own experiences.
"...The entrance examinations weren't anywhere near relaxing even in my case; rather I was really nervous. I only managed to pass and become a swordsman-in-training this year like this, half thanks to Kirito for teaching me various things..."
Upon saying so, Tiezé opened her eyes wide, their color that of the leaves dyed in the red of autumn, and shouted.
"Eeh!? Then Kirito-senpai is actually stronger than Eugeo-senpai?"
"......It hurts agreeing if you were to ask it like that..."
While Tiezé laughed out cheerfully, he took a glance behind. He was only anxious over whether his partner had been treating his valet well, but he could hear bits and pieces of Kirito's words said in a tone that was surprisingly smooth.
"...And so, I believe there's only two ways that you have to be prepared, against a slash from the upper-level posture in the High Norkia-style before it happens. Either from straight above or diagonally from the top-right... any other direction will need another step, so you have the time to take it even after seeing it. As for how to tell whether it's from straight above or the top-right..."
—Well, putting the content aside, Ronye appeared to be listening with enthusiasm as well.
Turning back to the front with a wry smile, a thought suddenly came to Eugeo.
Eugeo's aim for studying the sword was to meet Alice again, while Tiezé and Ronye probably did it to raise their family's honor. And Kirito had said that his aim was the same as Eugeo whenever he was asked.
Of course, he had no intention of doubting his friendship, but there was a hunch he had at times. That Kirito did not go through sword practice for the sake of attaining something, but that his aim might just be to master the way of the sword itself. That certainly seemed to be the close link between the person, Kirito, and the type of swordsmanship, Aincrad-style. He could practically believe the two to be the same existence.
Up until now, Eugeo had only given proper thought to Raios and Humbert as his opponents for the official matches conducted in the coming month. However, thinking about it, depending on how the matches go, it would be perfectly possible for it to be not those two, but his partner and mentor as well, Kirito.
Of course, he had no faith in winning. But before that, he couldn't even imagine a situation where he would have to cross swords with Kirito seriously. Just what sort of resolution would he require to hold his sword and use his skills...
"Ah, won't the edge of that pond do?"
Tiezé suddenly extended her right hand straight in front, dragging Eugeo out from his musing. Following towards where the slender white finger pointed towards, he saw the bank of a beautiful pond, with a dense, short undergrowth growing on it; it certainly was perfect to spread out a bento on.
"Yeah, that place looks good. —Hey, Kirito, Ronye! Let's have lunch at the side of that pond!"
When Eugeo turned back and yelled, the usual nonchalant smile appeared on his closest friend who lightly raised his hand.

Spreading the large sheet they had brought along atop the grass, the four sat down in a circle.
"Aah... I'm hungry..."
Kirito made the exaggerated gesture of pressing down around his stomach and the two girls giggled while opening the rattan baskets they had brought along, quickly starting to arrange the food.
"Erm, we were the ones who made it, so whether it’s to your taste or not..."
Nearly none of her usual tension could be felt from novice trainee Ronye Arabel when she added that on embarrassingly while lining up the plates. If the girl were to understand that the completely black-clad elite swordsman-in-training wasn't as sullen as he looked through this outing today, it definitely wouldn't be long until she got used to her mentor.
A luxurious menu was packed into the impressive rattan baskets, including slices of meat and fish as well as cheese between white bread, fried chicken coated with spices and a cake filled with plenty of dried fruits and berries.
Tiezé checked the Life of all the dishes while Ronye said the before-meal prayers and everyone recited the scripture, "Avi Admina"—with Kirito being the first one to reach out for the food immediately following that. Tossing a large piece of fried meat into his mouth, he chewed for a moment with his eyes closed before speaking with the mannerisms of a lecturer.
"Certainly, it's delicious. The flavor is not at all inferior to the food from The Deer Leap, Ronye-kun, Tiezé-kun."
"Wah, really?!"
The two girls shouted with their faces gleaming, exchanging glances and laughing cheerfully. Eugeo fearlessly reached out as well and bit into smoked fish and herbs between thin slices of bread.
Unlike the bento that Alice would deliver to him daily, long ago when he was swinging the axe alone in the woods, the bread had the taste of the city with plenty of white butter spread onto it. He wasn't used to the dainty high class cuisine when he had just arrived at central, but he could honestly consider it delicious now. While pondering on whether that meant he was getting used to it, Eugeo nodded at Tiezé as well.
"Yeah, it's really good. But wasn't it hard to gather this many ingredients?"
"Ah... well, actually..."
Tiezé turned towards her once again and Ronye answered humbly.
"As you may know, novice trainees are not to leave except on rest days, so we asked Kirito-senpai and he helped us buy them at the central bazaar after school yesterday. Eugeo-senpai was away at the library, so..."
"Eh, I... I see, so that's what happened."
Dumbfounded, he gazed at Kirito who was devoting his entire time to devouring the food.
"I would have gone with you to buy them if you had asked... No, firstly, if you're already getting along that well, then there's no reason for you to run away now! What was all that trouble for..."
His strength dwindling while getting just a little angry, Eugeo snatched the biggest slice of fruit cake and chomped down on it.
"Aah, and I had my eye on that one too... Well, what can I say, I thought I was the one being overly concerned for your sake, Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono."
"There wasn't any need for you to be, geez..."
After glaring at Kirito who was grinning from ear to ear, he turned towards Ronye and Tiezé who were blinking in surprise and spoke in an unintended grumble.
"This guy here has always been like this from long ago. It was the same back before we got in the Zakkaria Guard Squadron and on the journey to Centoria; he's treated all suspicious and scary at first, but before I knew it, the wife and kids at the farm or inn would grow fond of him and started giving him snacks. It's best for you to watch out and not end up that way, Ronye."
However, it looked like it was too late as the dark brown-haired novice trainee shook her head with a slight blush on her cheeks.
"No, ending up that way, you say... Kirito-senpai looked scary, but I found out he was a kind person straight away, so..."
"Ah, of course, you too, Eugeo-senpai."
Returning a smile devoid of energy to Tiezé who added that on, Eugeo munched on another mouthful of cake.
Even while doing so, he continued to stare at the partner of his at his side who was calmly gobbling down the food, wondering if there was any way to drop that guy down a peg— That was when Tiezé and Ronye suddenly sat up straight and opened their mouths to speak in a solemn manner.
"Erm... Eugeo-senpai, Kirito-senpai. Actually, there's a request that we would like to ask from the two of you."
"Y-Yes? ...What is it?"
When Eugeo inclined his head to the side, Tiezé shook her red hair and bowed deeply.
"We're very sorry to ask this of you, but well... it's about the request for a change in mentor you mentioned the other day, Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono; we would like you to speak with the academy's management on our behalf..."
"Wh-What was that?"
Lost for words once again, he tried to recall if he had really said those words and finally remembered. It was true, he did seem to faintly recall telling Ronye, "I think it's fine if you want me to talk to the teacher for you and get your mentor changed", when Kirito kept her waiting several days ago.
So, would that make this luxurious meal a farewell gift? Eugeo tried to confirm this just in case while assailed by dismay.
"Let's see... does that mean you want to quit being my valet...? Or Kirito's... or maybe even both...?"
Upon saying so, Ronye and Tiezé lifted their lowered faces, showed a dazed expression for an instant and started shaking their heads from side to side frantically at the same time. Tiezé who was sitting on Eugeo's left was the first to start speaking and she did so in a panic.
"Th-That's not it! It's not about us, that's simply unthinkable. On the contrary, there are many who want to switch to serve as valets for the two of you... no, that's not what I was getting at, the one who wished for a change was another girl from our room in the dormitory. Her name is Frenica and she's a very nice girl who's serious, puts in her best, and is skilled with swords yet humble, but..."
Tiezé's shoulders slumped down and Ronye switched in to speak.
"...Actually, the elite swordsman-in-training who chose Frenica as a valet seems to be quite a strict person... Especially in the recent few days, she appears to have been punished for long periods of time over minor blunders and ordered to provide services that should be considered rather inappropriate within the academy, and looks ever so distressed..."
The novice trainees grasped their small hands before their chests, those red and brown eyes clouded over.
Returning the half-eaten fried meat to his plate, Eugeo alternated between looking at each of them, not completely wanting to believe it.
"B-But... even if it's an elite swordsman-in-training, ordering a valet trainee to do tasks specified by the academy to be out of scope shouldn't be possible..."
"Yes, that's... of course, she cannot be ordered to go against the school's rules, but those rules do not include every single possible act either... like various orders that do not infringe the rules and well, are somewhat challenging for a female student to bear..."
With Tiezé faltering with her face bright red, Eugeo could vaguely guess at what was ordered of the valet novice student, Frenica, from the swordsman-in-training in question.
"No, I understand the situation that girl, Frenica, is in even if you don't speak any further. I wish to provide my help as soon as possible, but if I'm not wrong..."
He continued while recalling the corresponding portion of the academy regulations he fully memorized.
"Erm... 'To ensure the maximum amount of support is given to the elite swordsman-in-training's training, a single valet is in charge of looking after the elite swordsman-in-training. The duty of being a valet is assigned to one chosen among the twelve novice trainees that topped the year in terms of grades, but with the consent of the elite swordsman-in-training and instructor-in-charge, the valet may be dismissed and another appointed from among the novice trainees'... that was it, I believe. In other words, to dismiss Frenica's appointment, not only the instructor's approval is needed, but the swordsman-in-training's as well, huh. Well, I can try persuading though... what's the name of the swordsman-in-training in question?"
Upon asking, Eugeo knitted his brows, having felt a sudden bad premonition. Tiezé hesitated for a short while before softly letting the name out from her lips as though it was difficult for her.
"Well... it's Second-ranked Elite Swordsman-in-training Humbert Zizek-dono."
The instant he heard it, Kirito who was listening without a word growled, seemingly annoyed.
"Despite how he got trounced when he was the one who brought about that match, that guy's still keeping up that nasty behavior, huh. I'll totally beat him up the next time."
"I didn't do him in or anything. —But that might possibly be the reason..."
Eugeo lightly bit on his lips before he explained the circumstances to Tiezé and Ronye.
"Actually, you see, I had a duel with Swordsman-in-training Humbert at the practice arena several days ago. The result was a draw, but Humbert didn't seem satisfied with that... So the reason behind him being tough on Frenica recently might be due to that duel..."
"Geez, bullying his own valet just because he couldn't win against Eugeo, that guy isn't anything like how a swordsman should be."
Despite Kirito spitting those words out bitterly, the two girls did not seem to have understood the situation yet. With her eyebrows raised, Tiezé murmured in uncertain tones.
"Erm... in other words, as Elite Swordsman-in-training Zizek-dono got a draw in a match with Eugeo-senpai, he wanted, err..."
She couldn't find what she wanted to say, so Ronye continued on, with just as little certainty.
"Revenge... is what it's called, isn't it..."
"Right, that's the word. As revenge for not winning, he used the Punishment Authority on Frenica and ordered those humiliating acts of her, is that how it is...?"
Even if they were nobles like Humbert and Raios, as they were born in the sixth class noble families which were closest to commoners, it must not have been easy for them to understand the unreasonable conduct of the second-ranked swordsman-in-training. Not even able to find the needed words to express it well; that was the degree of difference in their mindsets.
For Eugeo who had grown up in a pioneer village on the outskirts, he could guess at Humbert's mentality, but he had absolutely no sympathy for it. When he was a child in Rulid, the son of the chief guard, Jink, did do various mean things to him, but his motive was definitely extremely childish. Jink liked Alice, so he disliked Eugeo who was always with her and bullied him by hiding his shoes and such.
However, it seems that Humbert took the anger from not winning the match against Eugeo and hurled it all at someone completely unrelated to the affair, his own valet trainee—that Frenica who he should have been mentoring with care.
He knew the existence of the words, revenge and venting anger. Even Eugeo experienced it once when he was young, when he got jealous over the wooden sword his father bought for his elder brother as a gift and couldn't help but hit rocks countless times with his own wooden sword that was handmade by his father, ending up with it breaking. His father scolded him, saying that it was a shameful act known as venting anger and he never did it ever again.
Just like breaking your own wooden sword, it was likely that being excessively strict on your own valet trainee was not against the Taboo Index, Empire Fundamental Law, or even the Sword Mastery Academy's regulations. However—even if that was true, did that mean «it was fine» to do it? In this world, aside from laws that were tangibly recorded down, shouldn't there be something important that one must follow...?
At that moment, Tiezé, who seemed to have been tossing around the same doubts with her head lowered, muttered as though she was forcing the words out from her throat.
"I... I do not understand."
Raising her face to stare straight at Eugeo, the girl who was the successor to a sixth class noble family stiffened her cheeks that still held traces of adolescence as she continued.
"...My father had always said this. We... the Shtolienen family are nobles, thanks to nothing more than our ancestors long ago gaining recognition from the emperor back then for a few meager military efforts. Hence, we must not take for granted, that we live in a larger house than commoners and are bestowed several privileges. The fact that we are nobles means that we should exert all efforts to ensure that those who aren't are able to live on in happiness and peace, and when the time for war comes about, we must draw our blades before those who aren't nobles and succumb to death before they do, he said..."
Then, Tiezé momentarily shut her mouth and turned her autumn-tinted eyes towards the south—towards the heart of Centoria. She stared at the solemn form of the Imperial Administration that slightly peeked through above the treetops for a while before returning her glance to Eugeo and the rest.
"...Speaking of the Zizek family, they are an illustrious family who constructed a huge mansion in the fourth district and even own land in the outskirts of Centoria. So shouldn't Elite Swordsman-in-training Humbert-dono be striving much, much harder than the lower class nobles for the masses' happiness? Even if it wasn't noted down in the Taboo Index, nobles must always consider their own actions and not cause misfortune for others through them... that's what father said. Humbert-dono's actions might not be against the Taboo Index and the academy regulations... but... but still, Frenica kept crying in bed last night. How could... such a thing be forgiven...?"
Tiezé finished her long, long speech with all she had and large drops of tears surfaced on her two eyes. However, Eugeo who embraced the same doubts as the girl did not have an immediate reply for her. Ronye held out a white handkerchief and touched the area around Tiezé's eyes, and at that time—
"He's a wonderful father. I wish I could meet him."
For a short while, Eugeo could not believe a voice so calm could actually emerge from Kirito's mouth.
That black-clad swordsman, who inspired awe and fear in his fellow students with that intimidating glint in his eyes and blunt demeanor, as well as that match with the previous head swordsman-in-training, Uolo Levanteinn, that became legend, looked at Tiezé with consoling eyes and talked gently, word by word.


"What your father had taught you, is called «Noble Obligation» in En... no, in the Sacred Tongue, the way the spirit should be. Nobles, or in other words, those who possess power, must use it for the sake of those without it... that's right, you could say it's something to be proud of."
It was the first time Eugeo had heard that phrase despite taking a year's worth of lessons in the Sacred Tongue, but its meaning was immediately absorbed by his mind and he nodded deeply. Kirito's voice flowed on like a spring breeze.
"That pride is more important than any sort of law or regulation. Even if it's not prohibited by the law, there are still things that can't be done and inversely, there might be things that must be done even if it's prohibited by the law."
That declaration which in a certain sense, practically refuted the Taboo Index—or the Axiom Church itself, made Ronye and Tiezé swallow their breath. However, Kirito stared into the young girls and continued talking unwaveringly.
"A long, long time ago, a great man named Saint Augustinus said this. That an unjust law is no law at all. Regardless of how magnificent a law or authority may be, you mustn't blindly accept it. Even if it doesn't violate any taboos or regulations, Humbert's conduct is definitely wrong. There are no excuses for doing something like making an innocent girl cry. That's why someone has to stop him, and in this case, that would be..."
"Aah... Guess it's up to us, huh."
Eugeo nodded, but raised the doubts he still had to his partner.
"But Kirito... who will be the one to decide whether the law is just or not? If everyone bends it as they like, there wouldn't be any order, would there? Doesn't the Axiom Church exist to judge on the behalf of the masses?"
It was true that the Taboo Index did not have a say on the rights and wrongs of every single action a human could take. Hence, it ended up allowing Humbert to vent his anger on his own valet. However, much like how Sister Azariya would scold Jink for his pranks long ago, Eugeo and Kirito are able to express their opinions to Humbert, their peer. That should be a completely different matter from actually doubting the authority of the Church.
The one who had made the world was God, and the Church was God's proxy. The Church that had led the Human World well for hundreds of years couldn't have been mistaken; things progressed without him voicing those out.
The one who answered Eugeo's question was not Kirito, but Ronye, who had kept her silence until then. The clear speech spoke by the usually docile girl, with a strong light in her eyes, gave Eugeo a slight shock.
"Well... I feel like I understood a little about what Kirito-senpai said. An important spirit to have despite it not being recorded in the Taboo Index... that's basically, the sense of justice within oneself, I believe. Not merely obeying the law, but thinking about why that law exists with that justice in consideration... That thinking through it is more important than abiding by it..."
"Yep, that's it, Ronye. Being able to think is a human being's greatest ability. It's stronger than any famous sword, stronger than any secret move."
Kirito said so with a smile and within his eyes, approval and something else, some sort of deep emotion could be seen. Facing his partner that still had many mysteries surrounding him despite spending over two years sleeping and eating together, Eugeo asked one last question.
"But Kirito, the one you mentioned earlier, that Augus... something person, who exactly was he? An integrity knight of the Church?"
"Hmm, a priest, I guess. He's probably already dead, though."
With that answer, Kirito grinned broadly.

After seeing off Ronye and Tiezé, who each carried a completely emptied rattan basket and had waved with their other hands while returning to the novice trainee dormitory, Eugeo looked at his partner's face once again.
"...Kirito, have you come up with anything regarding the matter about Humbert?"
Upon saying that, Kirito made a complicated face and groaned for a while.
"Hmm... even if we tell him to stop bullying the junior students, he's certainly not the type to obediently stop... But still..."
"But still... what?"
"Putting Humbert aside, that guy's boss, Raios, is sneaky in an obnoxious way, but he's no idiot. For him to get chosen to be the head elite swordsman-in-training, he should have not only skill with the sword, but also good scores in his sacred arts, law and history as well."
"That's true, better than a certain somebody who got sixth place through physical strength alone."
"The story goes that there are two such students, actually."
They were about to unconsciously begin their usual whimsical exchange, but Eugeo realized it wasn't the time for it and took the initiative.
"And so...?"
"...Raios is in the same room as Humbert, right? So don't you find it strange that he's keeping quiet about Humbert venting his anger on his own valet trainee? Even if there isn't a formal punishment, bad rumors will spread at the least, and at that time, Raios' reputation would drop as well, sharing the same room. For a bundle of pride like him, I believe he'd hate it as much as an actual punishment..."
"But... it's a fact that Humbert is bullying Frenica. In other words, wouldn't that mean that Raios forswore Humbert's churlishness as well? If the cause was the duel with me, I would definitely need to have a word with..."
"And that's what I'm getting at."
Kirito spoke with an expression as if he had chewed down on dried nedge lezta.
"Perhaps this is an elaborate trap targeted at you, Eugeo? You object to Humbert's actions, get into some sort of argument, then as a result, end up violating the academy regulations... if it's a setup like that..."
"Eeh?"
Eugeo opened his eyes wide at the unexpected idea.
"No way... that's probably impossible. Even if our placings are different, Humbert and I are both swordsmen-in-training. As long as I don't specifically insult him verbally, no matter how he notes it down, it won't be considered as disrespect. Rather, I'm more worried about you, Kirito."
"Aah, well... guess you're right. Like getting mud on that guy's uniform or something."
Eugeo let out a short sigh at his partner who said that deadpan. Kirito had committed that exact act of disrespect the previous year, on the previous head, Uolo, and was ordered to duel with the ridiculous conditions of using real swords and first to strike wins.
"Look here, when we get to Humbert's room, I'll talk first. Kirito, you just stand at the back for a bit with an intimidating look."
"Leave it to me, that's my forte."
"...I'll be counting on you. We'll give a verbal warning today and if they don't heed it, let's appeal for Frenica's replacement to the management. Humbert should hear us out at least. Even that much should have an effect on that guy."
"Aah... guess so."
Slapping Kirito's back while he still looked unsatisfied about something, Eugeo started walking towards the elite swordsmen-in-training's dormitory constructed atop a hill. The indignation he felt when he heard Tiezé's story did not fade away easily and his pace naturally sped up.
A year ago, the person who awaited Eugeo, appointed as a valet without knowing his way around at all, atop that hill had the name Gorgolosso Baltoh; he was a great man who certainly did not look a single day under the age of twenty.
That bulky body with roughly twice the girth of Eugeo was covered in solid muscles and paired with splendid sideburns that resembled the manes of the lions that lived in the South Empire, although Eugeo had not seen them outside of art, they made him wonder if he had entered an instructor's room at first.
Gorgolosso took a fleeting glance at Eugeo frozen from the tension, and then ordered, "Take your clothes off", in a gruff voice. Eugeo was horrified, but he couldn't disobey it, so he took off his grey uniform, leaving behind a single piece of underwear. He was immersed once again, from head to toe in that intense gaze—then Gorgolosso gave a broad, toothed smile and said, "Alright, you've trained well".
Feeling relieved from the bottom of his heart while he put his clothes back on, Gorgolosso informed Eugeo that he was not a noble, but had risen up from a common guard as well, which was the reason why he had singled out Eugeo who had the same history. For the one year after that, although his vivacious behavior troubled Eugeo at times, he did not work him unreasonably hard, acquainting him with the sword with tender care. Eugeo still thought the splendid Valtio-style swordsmanship taught by Gorgolosso was just as important as Kirito's Aincrad-style in getting him through the swordsman-in-training selection test.
The day Gorgolosso graduated from the academy and left for central, Eugeo asked a question that he had hidden over that one year. About why he named him, instead of Kirito who entered the school due to a recommendation from a guard squadron as well.
While brushing his disheveled sideburns, Gorgolosso answered.
—True, I did realize that guy's ability with the sword was higher than yours when I saw the performance arts during the entrance exam. But you see, that's the exact reason why I chose you. I figured you would be the type to struggle to the death while glaring at the top, just like me. ...Well, one way or another, that second-ranked Liena had already chosen Kirito by then, though.
Gahahaha, while he lively laughed, Gorgolosso rubbed Eugeo's head with his massive hand and spoke. That he definitely had to become a swordsman-in-training, and then treasure his own valet trainee. Eugeo nodded without end while holding back his tears and sent Gorgolosso off at the school gate until his huge frame disappeared from sight.
That man taught him that elite swordsmen-in-training and their valet trainees do not merely have the relationship of a mentor and a caretaker. Eugeo thought that he probably wouldn't become as much of a mentor as Gorgolosso had been. But still, he intended to try his best over this one year, to teach Tiezé what that man had taught him, even if it was merely a fraction of it. Right—this might be what Kirito mentioned earlier, «something more important than anything else, even though it's not recorded in the regulations».
Humbert and Raios might not understand this. As they've gotten placings below thirty with their scores in the entrance examinations, they probably went easy in the selection match due to their objections to becoming a valet. Even so, there were things that needed to be said.
Pushing open the door before him with his two hands and entering the swordsmen-in-training's dormitory, Eugeo ascended the large staircase in front with loud steps from his leather shoes.
Part 3[edit]
A short bit after knocking on the door at the eastern corner of the dormitory's third floor, Humbert could be heard asking who was there from inside.
"Swordsmen-in-training Eugeo and Kirito. We have something to discuss with Swordsman-in-training Zizek."
He stated their names while trying to maintain his calm, but rough footsteps immediately rang out and the door violently burst open. Humbert, who glared at the two in turn with a scowl, cried out with a voice that might even be loud enough to pass through the atrium in the middle of the dormitory to reach the first floor.
"How rude of you, intruding without even any prior notice! It's obvious that you should request permission for a meeting through a letter first!"
Without even giving Eugeo a chance to reply, Raios Antinous's placid voice immediately bombarded them from behind Humbert.
"Now now, aren't we all fellow comrades refining ourselves in the same institution? Let them pass, Humbert, though it is unfortunate we could not have any tea prepared for them, at this short notice."
"...Make sure you express your gratitude for Raios-dono's hospitality."
Forcing those words out through his lips, Humbert turned aside. While wondering just what sort of skit this was supposed to be, Eugeo entered the room with a bow.
"The heck was..."
Kirito who followed behind was about to have those same thoughts slip out from his mouth, so he shut himself up with a cough and walked in front of a couch set in the middle of the living room. The amount of space and arrangement was of course, the same as Eugeo and Kirito's, but the fixtures, such as the carpet spread over the floor and the pale curtains that wafted in the gentle spring breeze, were replaced with those of the highest grade.
Even the couch with its width of three mel had a silk finish with ample cotton, and Humbert sank in deeply upon sitting on its right edge. Raios could be seen sitting on the left edge, but barely sunk in, resting his head upon it and with his two legs stretching out onto the table, in an appearance as though he were sleeping.
On top of that, these heirs of upper class noble families were not wearing the academy uniform, but comfortable and thin long garments. Raios’ was bright red and Humbert’s was bright blue; that glossy luster was unique to high-grade silk from the south. The aroma drifting from the cups lined up on the table was probably green tea, a specialty from the east. After putting that to his mouth and slowly sipping it, Raios finally turned towards Eugeo.
"...And so, what business do you have with us in the evening of this rest day, my friend, Swordsman-in-training Eugeo?"
There was another couch before the table, but he seemed to have no intention of asking them to sit. While thinking that suited him better, Eugeo looked down at the two with as strict a face as he could muster, and spoke.
"I am here regarding a somewhat distasteful rumor about Swordsman-in-training Zizek that has reached my ears. Before disgracing the name of a friend at school, I believed it best to render some advice, though it may be presumptuous on my part."
Humbert's expression changed and was about to cry out something at that moment, but Raios held him back by moving his left hand slightly before curving his excessively crimson lips a miniscule amount into a smile.
"Really now...?"
He smoothly delivered his lines while steam rose up from the cup in his right hand.
"This is both outside and beyond my expectations. To think you could be so concerned about my friend's reputation. However, I regret to inform you that nothing comes to mind regarding that sort of rumor. Though I am ashamed of my ignorance, nothing would please me more than having you enlighten me on this issue."
"...I have heard that Zizek-dono has committed vulgar acts upon his own valet trainee. I do believe you would have some inkling of that!"
"How rude!"
Rising from the couch as well this time, Humbert declared loudly.
"How dare someone without a family name, with the air of some peasant from a remote village accuse me, the eldest son of a fourth class noble family, of vulgar acts of all things!"
"Now, don't get so riled up, Humbert."
Raios waved his left hand side to side and silenced his henchman once again.
"Even if there are differences in our birthplaces, aren't we fellow students under this roof now? You can't simply condemn everything as disrespectful, inside of this academy at least. ...That said, it would be a different story if that were merely slander utterly without basis though. Where have you heard that queer rumor from, Eugeo-dono?"
"I doubt you wish for your free time to be wasted away either, Antinous-dono, so do stop playing the fool. This is not without basis. I've heard it directly from the novice trainees who stay in the same room as Zizek-dono's valet."
"Oh? Is this how it is, then? Are you saying that Humbert's valet has formally entrusted you with a protest via the novice trainees of the same room by her own accord?"
"...No, that's not it, but..."
Eugeo involuntarily bit his lips. It was true that he wasn't here due to a personal request from Frenica, so it would be difficult to hold his ground if his claim was rejected as slander without basis.
However, as there was no way Eugeo could retreat in front of Raios grinning away in his slovenly posture and Humbert crooking his mouth in a loathsome manner, he sharply returned a question.
"...I believe the two of you are denying it in that case? That Humbert-dono is committing unbefitting acts upon that valet trainee named Frenica?"
"Fm, unbefitting? That is such an odd word to use, Eugeo-dono. How about using what is more easily understood, by saying that it violates the academy regulations?"
"......"
He ground his teeth once again. Even if those regulations applied only on academy premises, their importance was close to the same level as the Taboo Index or the Empire Fundamental Law to students and none should dare to break them.
Even Humbert wouldn't violate the academy regulations; Eugeo knew better than to consider that as well. That was the very reason he couldn't forgive them. Anything goes as long as it wasn't against the regulations, their acts were grounded in that belief even if they didn't voice it out. Taking in a deep breath of air, Eugeo continued the dispute.
"But still... but still, even if it's not forbidden by the academy regulations, are there not things that elite swordsmen-in-training must not do to the novice trainees they mentor?!"
"Oh my, now Eugeo-dono, what exactly are you implying that Humbert here has done to Frenica?"
"...Th-That's..."
As he couldn't bear to make Tiezé and Ronye explain in detail and thus, hadn't heard the specifics of those «unbefitting orders», Eugeo could not give an immediate reply. With that, Raios spread his hands out in an exaggerated motion and spoke while shaking his head left and right.
"Oh dear, even I can't bring myself to attend to you any further. ...How is it, Humbert, has any of what Eugeo-dono spoke of rang any bells to you?"
The instant Raios asked in that manner, Humbert, who was leaning forward while glowering at Eugeo until now, put the weight of his back onto the couch with a thud and cried out.
"Not at all! I have absolutely no idea what he's talking about! In the first place, there is no damned, no, there is simply no way I could have done any vulgar act on Frenica... after all, that girl has never refused even once!"
Stroking his grey hair from front to back, the second-ranked swordsman-in-training showed a venomous smile.
"Well, I did order her to aid with several trifling tasks, though. I'm sure you too, recall the match which, though I find it shameful to admit, ended as a draw, Eugeo-dono; I mended my ways after that and devoted myself to training. Perhaps due to restraining from any practice that would create those unattractive muscles up until now as well, it was inevitable that my body would ache. Hence, I had to reluctantly ask for Frenica to massage and relax my body when I got the chance to take a bath every evening. In addition, it would be troubling if her uniform were to get wet, so I had the generosity to permit her to undress herself to her underwear. I certainly have difficulties understanding just which part of this is supposed to be unbefitting, vulgar behavior!"
Gazing in a daze at Humbert, who was chuckling away through his throat, Eugeo noticed the birth of an unfamiliar emotion deep in his heart.
Was treating a human like this with courtesy, and even attempting to persuade him actually necessary?
Wouldn't a single strike on him from a wooden sword without any questions asked suit him more than words?
His right hand twitched, wanting to thrust in with a wooden sword and challenge a duel here and now, after which Eugeo noticed his waist was empty. Taking in countless deep breaths of air to compose himself, he let out a voice as restrained as he could muster.
"...Humbert-dono, do you believe that an order like that... could really be permitted? True... true, there are no corresponding clauses within the academy regulations, but that should be because there was no need to explicitly forbid it. To actually order your valet to undress, just how shameless could you..."
"Hahaha, hahahahaha!"
Suddenly, Raios, who had been silent for the past while, raised the ends of his lips and let out a wild laughter. It was as if he was waiting for those words from Eugeo; that was what it seemed like.
"Hahaha! To think those words would come from your own mouth, Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono, hahaha! After all, haven't you yourself undressed night after night, for that large male commoner when you served as a valet trainee, Eugeo-dono?!"
"That was a peculiar story indeed! To think you would accuse others of being shameful when you were so fond of getting naked yourself, ha-ha!"
Humbert immediately went with the flow as well, laughing in his shrill voice.
Eugeo's entire body trembled uncontrollably as the impulse earlier assailed him once again. The moment he was about to voice out a curse that would barely fall short of violating the academy regulations, Kirito made a noise by placing a kick on his heel from behind, making him narrowly recover his senses.
His mentor, Gorgolosso, certainly did order him to remove everything except his underwear once or twice a month. However, that was to confirm how his muscles were and to point out the training he lacked, without even a single trace of dubious implication. But even if he were to refute it that way, Raios and Humbert would probably get ahead of themselves even further and mock not only Eugeo, but Gorgolosso as well. That was why Eugeo tried his best to hold on and quietly spoke after managing to regain his calm somehow.
"My case is unrelated to this situation. What is certain here, is that the valet trainee for Swordsman-in-training Zizek has not been going against orders even while going through intolerable experiences day after day. If I don't see any change for the better from now on, I would have to consider requesting the instructors to conduct an investigation, so kindly keep that in mind."
Please do as you like; those words came from behind as Eugeo quickly left Raios' room, accompanied by laughter.
No sooner had the door closed behind him than Eugeo clenched his right fist with the intention to strike the wall, but he then noticed that if he were to do that with the physical strength he had built up, he might make a dent in the wall—or in other words, lower the building's Life, and reluctantly lowered his arm. Damaging the academy's facilities or fixtures was a clear violation of the Taboo Index and in the first place, it would be the very example of venting anger. He felt a slight longing for the Gigas Cedar that was practically unyielding, regardless of how many times he struck it with that axe filled with resentment from one thing or another.
As a modest substitute, he made noises wrecking his shoe soles as he started to walk towards his own room on the west, and Kirito spoke from behind.
"Take a moment to calm down, Eugeo."
The moment that familiar voice reached Eugeo's ears, the insides of his head, burning red like a fireplace, cooled down a little and he took a long breath. Easing his pace, he walked by his partner's side.
"...But still, that was unexpected. I totally thought you would explode before I would."
Towards Eugeo's words, Kirito showed a broad grin and hit his left waist.
"It would have turned bad if I had a sword. It's just that... like I said earlier, they might have something else planned, so I managed to hold myself back and look at the situation somehow."
"That reminds me, you did say something like that. I completely forgot about it... —So, what do you think?"
"Leaving Humbert aside, the provocation from that bastard Raios was definitely on purpose, Eugeo. He probably took Tiezé and Ronye conveying Frenica's story to you into account and planned to impose the maximum punishment onto you if you went too far in your remarks towards Humbert back then, as disrespectful behavior. We really can't look down on the craftiness of that upper class noble, huh..."
"In other words... the reason why Raios left Humbert's actions alone was because he predicted that I would come protest, huh... What a disaster..."
Eugeo stopped in the middle of the corridor and strongly bit his lips.
"This is all due to me humiliating Humbert in that match, isn't it. And you've always said nothing good would come out of reacting to their provocation too..."
"Don't blame yourself so much."
Kirito placed his hand onto Eugeo's right shoulder and let out a rare comforting voice.
"In any case, the first official match will be here soon. We've got no choice but to beat those guys if we want to represent the academy, so we'll earn their resentment sooner or later. But seeing as that bunch had such a huge laugh about it, they should be satisfied for the time being. Just in case Humbert were to continue humiliating Frenica, we might want to prepare a letter in advance, to immediately request for an investigation from the instructors at least, though."
"...Yeah, that's right. But if that really happens, us bawling in front of those guys like a couple of babies might have been more persuasive."
Lightly patting Kirito's hand to show his gratitude, Eugeo finally released the tension in his shoulders.
Both Humbert and Raios were strong with the sword, and even their grades in the academics were good. They received an abundant allowance of Shear gold coins from their families every month, were able to buy as many clothes and personal accessories as they wanted and if they were to get fed up with the dormitory's meals, they could eat whatever they liked in the restaurants outside the school every night if they wished. It certainly was enviable from the point of views of Eugeo and Kirito who get by somehow with the money saved up from the time they were guards in Zakkaria.
And yet, why do they view Eugeo as an enemy, ridiculing him at every turn and trying to make him surrender? And consequently, what do they intend to gain from it? He did realize that the world wasn't full of good people, that there were unkind ones around at least, but still—even if they were noble and commoner, they were both fellow people born in this Human World.
This was what the Axiom Church taught. That the Human World made by the God, Stacia, was affiliated to «Good» and the Land of Darkness ruled over by the God, Vector, was affiliated to «Bad». If that was the case, no matter what sort of human it is, they should possess a good heart as their base. Yes, even if it was Raios or Humbert.
If they were to cross swords not in a haphazard duel, but on the grand stage of the official match instead and show each other all of their skill and power, they would definitely come to terms with several things. —Definitely.
Thinking about such things while opening the door to his room and entering it, Eugeo declared before his partner disappeared off somewhere.
"Hey, Kirito, the sacred arts examination's over, so I'll have you accompany me for lots of practice from tomorrow onwards!"
"What, you're certainly fired up, aren't you."
"Aah... I have to get much, much stronger, after all. To teach Raios and Humbert that the sword isn't as generous as to let them win without any practice."
Upon hearing that, Kirito nodded with a grin.
"Well then, should I teach you just how intense training can get, Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono?"
"That's what I hoped for. ...Then, see you at dinnertime."
They both lightly raised their hands and returned to their individual rooms to change, but his partner stopped while turning around and spoke with a serious look.
"Eugeo. No matter what those guys tell you when I'm not around, be careful not to get heated up like earlier."
"I-I understand that. Stay cool, right?"
Upon voicing out that which had both the meaning of keeping one's composure in the Sacred Tongue, and that of a parting phrase, Kirito made a bitter smile, seemingly embarrassed, while replying with the same phrase.

Perhaps satisfied after laughing so much, Raios and Humbert paid no attention to Eugeo throughout the practical swordsmanship exercises in the morning and the specialized lessons in the afternoon the next day. Even Humbert, who had sent him a scowl filled with resentment each time their faces met until the previous week, persevered in completely ignoring him.
Of course, Eugeo felt considerably relieved, but the problem was whether he mended his ways towards Frenica or not. He had jointly written and signed an investigation request letter addressed to the academy's management the previous night with Kirito. If it was tendered, an official hearing would be conducted with both parties on both Raios' and Eugeo's sides, but even those two should want to avoid that, considering how much they valued their prestige.
Just as the boring empire history lecture—after all, incidents that really could be classified as incidents rarely ever happened—ended, Eugeo parted with Kirito, who went to the library to return a book, then returned straight to the swordsmen-in-training's dormitory and waited for Tiezé and Ronye so as to deliver the progress of the case.
Before long, while the four o'clock bell rang at its scheduled time everyday, those two came and started on the cleaning up after an energetic greeting. Eugeo sat on the chair in his room, having nothing to do, and obediently looked over the gallant figure of Tiezé laboring away.
He offered his help in cleaning more times than he could count previously, but was flatly refused with a "This is my important responsibility!" every time. Thinking back, he recalled that he had told Gorgolosso the same thing himself, so he reluctantly tried his best not to make the room too untidy, but the girl wasn't satisfied with that either, always having the strange complaint that there wasn't enough to clean up.
Bustling around with a long cloth mop in hand, Tiezé finished cleaning the living area and bedrooms in thirty minutes and entered Eugeo's room, closed the door behind her and snapped the heels of her leather shoes together.
"Elite Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono, I would like to report! The cleaning for today is complete!"
It seems Kirito had returned without him noticing too, with Ronye's voice faintly audible beyond the closed door. Leaving the relaying of information there to his partner, Eugeo answered Tiezé with a short acknowledgement.
"Yes, good job. Thanks as always."
"No, not at all. This is the valet's duty!"
He quietly held back a smile that almost unintentionally formed at that routine reply.
"Erm... I apologize, but could I talk to you about a little something? There's no need to stand up, so have a seat."
Upon voicing that out, he recalled that this room only had one chair, the one for the writing desk. The moment he said "Then over here", Tiezé shook her head with a "No, I'll keep standing", so Eugeo interrupted with a "Then, how about over there?" with his finger pointed at the bed by the window side.
Tiezé opened her eyes wide for an instant and nodded with an indistinct blush on her face this time.
"Ye-... th-then, please excuse me."
She trotted close to its edge and softly sat down.
Sitting on the same bed as a girl wasn't a violation of the Taboo Index or the academy regulation, was it, Eugeo confirmed in his mind before sitting quite a distance away, and after turning only his upper body towards Tiezé, he started on the main topic with the most serious face he could make.
"About Frenica's case... we went to complain to Humbert yesterday. That guy probably doesn't want to blow it up any further either, so I doubt he'll be giving out anymore of those unbefitting orders. I'll make him apologize properly as well soon, so..."
"Really?! ...I'm so glad, thank you very much, Elite Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono. I believe Frenica will be glad to hear this as well."
Faced with a suddenly smiling Tiezé, Eugeo spoke with a wry smile.
"You're already done with your work, so just call me Eugeo. But still... there's something I have to apologize for too. I mentioned it a little yesterday as well, but my duel with Humbert was the origin for the case this time, and it might have been a scheme to impose punishment onto me for disrespectful behavior when I went in to protest... In other words, Frenica got mixed up in the conflict between Humbert and me. I would like to properly apologize to her as well, so could you get me an opportunity to do so...?"
"...I... see..."
Tiezé shook her red hair as she lowered her face as though she was pondering about something, but she soon looked at Eugeo and gently shook her head.
"No, it's not your fault, Elite... Eugeo-senpai. I'll simply convey your words to Frenica. Erm... m-may I sit a little closer?"
"Eh... s-sure."
Eugeo nodded nervously and Tiezé's cheeks flushed red as she shifted herself, close enough for him to faintly feel her body warmth. Looking towards the wall in front, her voice flowed out as a whisper.
"Eugeo-senpai, I tried thinking as hard as I could before I slept last night. About why Elite Swordsman-in-training Zizek-dono did those horrible things to Frenica, how he could do those things when he felt neither hatred nor resentment for her. ...Kirito-senpai said that nobles must maintain their pride. But... I actually knew. That there are some among the upper class nobles that, erm... toy with the women who live on their own land to satisfy their own whims..."
Tiezé suddenly raised her face and stared into Eugeo with those eyes that reminded one of an autumn forest, wet after a long spell of rain.
"...I'm scared. I believe I will succeed the Shtolienen family not long after I graduate from the academy, and end up accepting a groom from a noble family of the same rank or one higher. ...What if the person who becomes my spouse turns out to be someone like Zizek-dono...? When I just think of what would happen if it turns out to be the type of person without pride and nonchalantly menaces others around... I get... so scared that I..."
Eugeo held his breath and looked back at Tiezé's cloudy eyes.
He was aware of Tiezé's feelings but at the same time, those words couldn't help but to draw attention to the difference in social status between the girl and himself. Compared to Tiezé Shtolienen, the eldest child of a splendid name-bearing sixth class noble family, Eugeo was a child of peasants without a surname—not to mention the third son.
In a small, remote village like Rulid, as there was a limit to the harvest from the fertile land, they could not increase their numbers infinitely. The one to succeed the house and fields was almost always without exception, the eldest son, with the second son, third son and so on—though it depended on their Sacred Task—not even permitted to marry, often growing old without a partner. If he hadn't met Kirito, even Eugeo would have spent his entire life swinging an axe every day on «cutting duty for the Gigas Cedar». Just like his predecessor, that old man, Garitta.
He was living and mingling with many nobles in Central Centoria at this very moment, but he did not know what would happen a year later if he failed to become the representative swordsman for the academy. It would be fine if he gained employment in the Imperial Knight Order or the guard squadron of some big city, otherwise, he could only return to Rulid and work under his elder brothers. At the very least, it was certain that he had absolutely no prospects of inheriting a noble family.
That was why when Tiezé clung onto his right arm while he stayed silent, it was startling enough to take his breath away.
"Eh... Tiezé...!?"
The girl born of a sixth class noble family stared into Eugeo's widely opened eyes from up close. From the grey uniform hung a faint smell that reminded one of solbe leaves.
"Eugeo-senpai... I, erm... have a request to ask of you. You must definitely represent the academy, win the swordsmanship tournament and participate in the Four Empires Unity Tournament."
"Th-That's... of course, it's my goal, but..."
"Erm... well..."
Tiezé was at a loss for words for an instant, then continued with her face as bright red as her hair.
"I-I heard that if you get a high placing in the Unity Tournament, you will be inducted as an aristocrat for life, like Azurika-sensei from the novice trainees' dormitory. Erm, then... I really shouldn't be saying this, but... if you don't become an integrity knight, please...... become my... my......"
Any further words seemed to have been lost before they were voiced out, as Tiezé shivered with her head lowered downwards; Eugeo gazed down at that small head.
It was only this time that he understood what Tiezé was talking about, though it took some time. Swallowing down his saliva, a tiny voice of his own reverberated in his head.
—I'm aiming for the Unity Tournament to become an integrity knight and meet with Alice once more, that's the only reason—
However, he could not tell Tiezé that. Even if it ends up being a lie, he felt it not right to brush aside the earnest wish of a sixteen years old girl, who was probably frightened by her uncertain future for the first time in her life... not to mention her being his own valet trainee.
Raising his left hand, Eugeo awkwardly stroked Tiezé's head as he spoke.
"Yeah... I got it. I'll definitely look for you after the tournament ends."
Tiezé's shoulders quivered uncontrollably upon hearing that and she timidly raised her face before long.
A smile, resembling a flower bud in early spring, appeared on her cheeks glistening with tears and Tiezé moved her modest lips.
"...I will-I will get stronger too. Strong enough to be like Eugeo-senpai... to be able to say out those proper things that must be said."
Part 4[edit]
The day that was due to begin next, the 22nd day of the 5th month, was the first with stormy weather for that spring.
Riding the squalls that sprung up at times, large drops of rain furiously drummed against the window. Eugeo halted the hand that was polishing his sword and gazed at the stormy skies that had lost the light of Solus, despite it not being long since the end of the lectures.
The black clouds that stretched out in layers squirmed as though they were alive and violet lightning tore through their gaps. The spring storms that washed away the wheat seeds just sown were detested by everyone in Rulid Village, and it almost always became as bustling as a festival whenever Alice succeeded in weather prediction sacred arts, even though she was a child. But then again, they were only really given that blessing for a paltry two years.
Now that Eugeo had practiced sacred arts in the academy, he was now truly aware of Alice's genius. Arts that affect principles of nature, such as weather and terrain, were examples of high ranking sacred arts, possessing procedures reaching over a hundred lines, with Eugeo unable to even predict whether tomorrow would be sunny or rainy as he currently was. If it was Alice, who could predict a storm a week before it came, she might even be picking up the arts to manipulate the weather right about now. If that was the case, the current look of the sky might be Alice losing her temper at Eugeo for still not coming for her—
"Haah."
Expelling his incessant thoughts along with his breath, he suddenly started to thoroughly and carefully polish the bluish-silver blade with the oiled leather. He never missed the weekly maintenance on the «Blue Rose Sword», but that was roughly the only time he drew it from its scabbard from the time he had been admitted into the academy. He used the wooden sword for daily practice and in official matches, as there was a regulation to use swords with the exact same capability to ensure fairness. Compared to the Blue Rose Sword that was classified as a sacred instrument, the sword issued by the academy was rather light and he felt nervous with how much the blade seemed like it would slip out when he swung it with all his might, but he couldn't simply wave this sword around when it could break a cheap iron sword with a single exchanged blow.
An opponent that he could strike as hard as he liked with this sword was probably restricted to that; with that thought in his mind, Eugeo raised his head and looked at the black long sword his partner was maintaining on the opposing couch.
The «demonic tree» that had towered over the forest south of Rulid for over three hundred years, the Gigas Cedar. Having cut the topmost branch from it, with its weight more than that of the Blue Rose Sword, carrying it had been difficult—Kirito had said at least thirty times "Thats enough let's just plant it over there and go"—before bringing it to the central capital, where old man Garitta had told them of the artisan Sadre, an acquaintance of his from long ago, and had been able to get it refined.
Sadre-shi, the very image of eccentricity, had scowled as hard as he could while grumbling, "It even broke three of my carborundum grinding stones which should have lasted for at least ten years" but he didn't take any money, saying that it was a once in a lifetime job.
The completed black sword was covered in a deep luster that made it hard to believe it was originally a tree branch. Kirito used that sword to bring a duel with Uolo Levanteinn to a commendable draw two and a half months ago, but he shouldn't have touched it at all since then, leaving it stored in its black leather scabbard except during maintenance time.
Or possibly, we might not have the chance to use these two swords anymore, or at least, not while in school; such a thought now came to Eugeo. It couldn't be used in the academy's official matches and he found it hard to imagine himself fighting other students in a duel with «personal real swords used».
In other words, if he wanted to fight with the Blue Rose Sword in hand, he would have to be selected as the academy representative swordsman this year and participate in the Empire Swordsmanship Tournament. Of course, that was Eugeo's aim, but he had doubts about freely swinging this heavy sword around on a large stage all of a sudden, not to mention in a first strike match.
The participant who he would be going against would likely not be a student, but masters from the Imperial Knight Order or the main families of the various swordsmanship schools, which would mean that the other side would have a magnificent sharp sword made by a skilled craftsman as well. Even if it was a one-strike match, there was obviously the possibility of getting a major injury that would take about one or two months to fully recover from, if he were to receive a bad hit in his vitals, assuming he even managed to keep his life.
Actually, both of the academy's representatives, Uolo Levanteinn and Sortiliena-senpai had gone up against the representative from the Knight Order and lost, but while Liena-senpai was stopped by having her whip cut and her sword blasted away, Uolo got the bones in his left shoulder smashed to pieces. Medical treatment performed through the usual sacred arts could seal the wound and stop the decreasing Life, but the bones couldn't be re-attached together and Uolo should still be under medical care, even now.
According to the newspaper pasted onto the bulletin board at the main school building weekly, it seemed that the swordsman who represented the Knight Order was from the Woolsburg family, a first class noble family that was considered renowned even among the renowned empire nobles. There was an article about how the swordsman went to the «Four Empire Unity Tournament» in the fourth month, after the Swordsmanship Tournament, achieved a magnificent victory, and received the honor of an invitation to the Axiom Church's holy garden.
It could be said that it couldn't be helped that Liena-senpai and Uolo Levanteinn lost to such an opponent—but Eugeo had a need to win, no matter what kind of hero might appear as his opponent. He must continue onto the Unity Tournament next year as the representative of Norlangarth and be the champion, going through the gates of the Central Cathedral. He must.
—I'll be counting on you then, please lend me your power.
He finished polishing even the tip of his beloved sword as he spoke to it in his heart and when he raised his face, Kirito had just slid his sword out from between the two sides of the folded oiled leather with a swoosh sound as well. His eyes were momentarily taken in by the jet-black blade that shone under the lamp's light before he called out.
"Hey, Kirito."
"Nn?"
"Haven't you thought of a proper name for that sword yet?"
This was the fourth time Eugeo had asked that question since the sword was completed, but Kirito still replied with the same answer.
"Um, hmm... not yet..."
"Hurry up and decide already. It's pitiful for the sword, being called that «black one» all the time, isn't it."
"Hmm... from where I came from, swords had their names from the start... or so I think."
The moment he was about to offer more advice to Kirito who was muttering out vague excuses, his partner suddenly reached out his own hand towards Eugeo's eyes and caused him to blink.
"Wh-What is it?"
"Wait a minute, wasn't that the four-thirty bell just now?"
"Eh..."
Upon straining his ears, he certainly could hear the faltering chimes of the bell mixed into the howls of the wind.
"You're right, it's this late already. We missed the four o'clock bell, huh."
Eugeo muttered and when he looked out of the window mostly absent of sunlight, Kirito muttered with a grave expression.
"They're late, huh, Ronye and Tiezé."
Eugeo was taken aback and swallowed his breath. Now that it was mentioned, Tiezé and Ronye have never missed coming to clean up the room before the four o'clock bell even once since those two had became their valets. Forcing back the unease oozing its way out from his throat, he lightly shrugged his shoulders.
"Well, there's a storm. Aren't they waiting for the rain to stop? It's not like the time to start cleaning was fixed by the academy regulations or anything..."
"I wonder if those two would even be late due to rain..."
Kirito seemed like he was brooding on something as he dropped his sight back to his hand and immediately continued.
"I have a bad feeling about this. I'll go over to the novice trainees' dormitory for a bit. We might miss each other, so Eugeo, please wait for those two over here."
Quickly slotting the black sword that he had finished maintaining back into its scabbard, Kirito left it on the table and stood up. Putting on the thin overcoat for protection against the rain, he fastened the clasp with his left hand while opening the window with his right.
"Hey, Kirito, you should go from the front, shouldn't..."
Eugeo tried to say so while scowling at the strong winds that wildly blew in with the rain, but his partner had already nimbly jumped onto a tree branch that hung near the window by then, leaving behind only a rustling noise as he vanished. Geez, he's just so impatient, Eugeo thought with a sigh as he closed the window left open.
With the din of the storm muffled, the sound of the wall lamp burning away felt awfully loud in return.
Returning to the couch while holding onto the unexplained feeling of unease, he picked up the Blue Rose Sword from the table and gently stored it into its scabbard.
There was a way to find the whereabouts of certain people through high ranking sacred arts, but it required a large amount of sacred power in the area, so it couldn't be used without a medium. In the first place, using sacred arts with others as the target within the academy was prohibited, even if the art was harmless. As he was right now, Eugeo could only sit down on the couch and wait for something to happen.
Several remarkably long minutes passed by—finally, a soft knocking sound reverberated within the room.
The instant he heard that, Eugeo let out a deep breath of air. Well, look at that, you missed them all because you left from the window; he got up from the couch with that in mind, quickly crossed the room and opened the door.
"Thank goodness, I was so worried about..."
Reaching that point, Eugeo swallowed his words in mute astonishment. The hair that flew into his field of vision was not the familiar red or dark brown, but a light brown, disheveled by the wind.
It wasn't Ronye or Tiezé, but an unknown girl that was standing in the corridor. The short hair and grey novice trainee uniform was drenched by the rain, and absolutely no blood seemed to be flowing in those cheeks with drops of water hanging off them. Opening those large eyes, which reminded one of a young deer, filled with worry, her pale lips trembled haltingly.
Looking up at Eugeo who stood frozen, the girl forced her feeble voice out.
"Erm... are you Elite Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono...?"
"Ah... y-yeah. You are...?"
"I... I am Novice Trainee Frenica Szeski. I apologize for visiting without any prior notification. ...But, I didn't know what I should do..."
"So you're... Frenica, huh."
Eugeo looked back at the petite novice trainee once again. He looked at her delicate build rather unlike that of a swordswoman and those small hands that seemed more suited to knotting flower garlands, feeling his anger at Humbert well up once again, for disgracing a girl like this at his whims.
However, before Eugeo could say anything, Frenica, who had her two hands tightly grasped together in front of her chest, let out a voice blemished with panic.
"Erm... I am truly thankful for you lending your assistance regarding the matter between Humbert Zizek-dono and myself from the depths of my heart, Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono. And... I believe you understood what had happened so far, so I'll omit them, but... Zizek-dono ordered me to, well... perform a certain service that is somewhat difficult for me to explain in this place..."
Likely feeling enough humiliation to set her body aflame through those words alone, Frenica's pallid face stiffened pitifully before she continued.
"I-If I am to continue with such orders, I... I would rather quit the academy; that was what I frankly told Tiezé and Ronye, but upon hearing that, the two said that they would appeal directly to Zizek-dono and left the dormitory..."
"What did you say."
Eugeo muttered in a cracked voice. His fingertips that held onto the white leather scabbard became chilled.
"But those two haven't returned no matter how much I waited, so I-I don't know what I should do..."
"When did those two leave...?"
"Erm, I believe it was right after the three-thirty bell rang."
Over an hour had already passed. Eugeo swallowed his breath as he stared at the door by the corridor. That would mean that Tiezé and Ronye were already on the third floor of the same swordsmen-in-training's dormitory? They were taking too long if they were there to protest and appeal.
He swiftly turned about and looked at the windows that were getting battered by the wind and rain as always, but there was no sign of Kirito returning. It would take fifteen minutes to simply go to the novice trainees' dormitory and return in this storm. Judging that there certainly was no time to wait, he rapidly talked to Frenica.
"Got it. I'll go take a look, so wait in this room. ...Also, if Kirito gets back, could you tell him to come over to Humbert's and Raios' room?"
Leaving behind Frenica nodding with anxiety, Eugeo left the room. It was after he took several steps across the corridor with parquet flooring that he noticed he had brought along the Blue Rose Sword that he had finished maintaining, but time was too precious to return and put it back. Hanging his left hand loose, he rushed eastwards down the curved corridor.
With each step, he felt the lump of worry growing heavier deep in his heart.
The reason why Tiezé and Ronye had come up with the plan to appeal directly was clear. It was because Eugeo and Kirito had failed to achieve anything even when they went to protest, and one other thing. Those words that Tiezé had said in Eugeo's room yesterday—that she would get stronger and say those proper things; the girl was likely putting that into practice.
But that might very well be...
"Was that their plan from the start? Not me, but Tiezé and Ronye...?"
Eugeo spoke as though he was groaning while he ran.
Among fellow trainees or swordsmen-in-training, most remarks wouldn't cause much of a problem. However, it would be a different story if it was a novice trainee protesting against an elite swordsman-in-training. Unless much caution was taken with the words used, it would come under the acts of disrespect decreed by the academy regulations. And in that case, the swordsman-in-training could exercise the «Punishment Authority» as a substitute for an instructor. Similar to how Kirito had stained Uolo Levanteinn's uniform with dirt in the past.
Eugeo tried his best to flip through the pages of the academy regulations in his mind.
—In the case that the elite swordsman-in-training exercises the punishment authority, one among the three orders noted below is permitted. One, cleaning the academy premises (specifics on the area are recorded in a different paragraph). Two, training using wooden swords (specifics on the details are recorded in a different paragraph). Third, a duel with the swordsman-in-training in question (specifics on the match regulations are recorded in a different paragraph). In addition, provisions from any superior laws will take precedence regarding all of the punishments.
In this case, those superior laws would refer to the Empire Fundamental Law and of course, the Taboo Index. In other words, the taboo of reducing another's Life without a justifiable reason would take precedence over the punishment authority. Even if Humbert were to order Tiezé and Ronye for a duel, requesting for the first-strike rule rather than stopping before hitting, he could not physically harm them if they rejected it. As such, there should not be much need for worry even with Humbert exercising the punishment authority.
But still, the anxiety that felt like it was stabbed into his heart showed no sign of going away.
Coming to a stop in front of the closed door at the east most side of the third floor corridor that ran in an circular arc, Eugeo violently knocked on it with his right fist without waiting for his breathing to get under control.
Several seconds later, he could hear Humbert's mumbling voice from inside.
"My my, you're here pretty late, Elite Swordsman Eugeo-dono. Now now, please enter!"
With that manner of speaking that practically said that he had been expected, Eugeo opened the door in one go, feeling rather impatient.
With the extended light from the high quality lamp whittled down, the shared living room was quite a bit dimmer than the previous day. Not to mention a strong smell of the east region burned, causing a dull haze in the room. Frowning at the harsh odor, he quickly swept through the room with his sight.
The forms of Raios and Humbert with the same thin long garments as the previous day were on the couch in the middle. With his back facing Eugeo, Raios had his two feet on the table as expected, holding onto a thin glass with his left hand. The shallow dark red fluid poured into it appeared to be grape wine. Drinking alcohol in the dormitory was allowed with restrictions for elite swordsmen-in-training, but drinking despite it not being a rest day was nothing to be proud of.
Humbert who sat opposite appeared to have partaken in the alcohol as well. A slack smile showed itself on his slightly reddish face and he spoke while looking up at Eugeo.
"No need to keep standing, how about taking a seat, Eugeo-dono. We just happened to open up a fifty year old one from the west empire. It's not quite something a commoner can lay his hands on easily, you know?"
Feeling even more discomfort from Humbert who not only offered a seat, but even wine to him, Eugeo silently surveyed the room in detail. He could see that there wasn't anyone aside from the three of them in the room despite how dim it was.
Did Ronye and Tiezé not come here, or have they already left? If that was the case, why had they not come to Kirito's and Eugeo's room on the same floor— Several questions ran through his mind, but Eugeo first loosened the tension in his shoulders and lightly shook his head.
"No, I don't drink. Rather than that, Swordsman-in-training Zizek-dono..."
Taking a step forward, he asked a question while picking his words with care.
"This may be abrupt, but have the novice trainees, my valet, Tiezé Shtolienen, and Swordsman-in-training Kirito's valet, Ronye Arabel, visited this room this very day?"
The one who responded to Eugeo's cracked voice was not Humbert, but Raios Antinous, who continued to face him with his back. He looked over his shoulder while carrying the glass with his left hand, looking at Eugeo closely with narrowed eyes.
"...Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono, your face appears unwell. How about it, have a glass?"
"Your consideration is unnecessary. Could I have you answer the question?"
"Fufu, what a pity. It truly is the bare minimum level of consideration I should treat a friend with, you know?"
Eugeo noticed the sweat dripping down his left hand as it tightly held the sword's scabbard. Raios looked over Eugeo as though taking his state as an appetizer to go with the wine and licked the glass before returning it to the table.
"Fmm. ...So those two were Eugeo-dono's and Kirito-dono's valets?"
Upon saying so in his viscid tone, he licked up the drops that remained on his lips with the tip of his tongue.
"They certainly were brave novice trainees, to suddenly request for a meeting with the head as well as the second-ranked elite swordsmen-in-training who stand above all of the students. As expected of the valets belonging to the two of you. However, you should take care. That assertiveness could be impolite at times, and disrespectful at others. Don't you think so too, Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono? ...No, I might have spoken out of turn. I suppose it's too much to ask for the etiquette of a noble from Eugeo-dono, isn't it, fufu, fufufu..."
As expected, Tiezé and Ronye had come here.
Holding back the impulse to grab hold of the nape of that long garment Raios was wearing, Eugeo asked in a strained tone.
"Kindly spare me your opinion until another day. Tell me where are Tiezé and Ronye right now."
Upon doing so, it was Humbert's turn to pour the grape wine and speak this time, as though he was annoyed.
"...Eugeo-dono, is the burden not too hard on you? A woodcutter from the outskirts like you guiding the daughter of a noble house, though she may be of the lowest class? Kukuku, that's right... it's due to your lack of guidance that those two treated me, the eldest son of a fourth class noble family, with such a lack of respect, Eugeo-dono. As such, I had to fulfill my noble responsibilities despite my complete reluctance to do so. It is the duty of the upper class aristocrats to keep the lower class aristocrats in check, after all."
"Humbert-dono...! Just what..."
-did you do; Eugeo wanted to argue, but he was restrained by Humbert with his left hand, who then drank up what was in the glass in a single gulp and stood up. Following that, Raios got up as well, before the both of them took a few steps to the eastern side of the room.
The sons of upper class nobles stood in a line and exchanged glances with their mouths twisted into the same venomous smile, the resemblance of that making them seem like brothers.
"...Now then, shall we have Eugeo-dono enjoy the finest act of the day, Raios-dono?"
"Yes, Humbert. There is still one lacking in the audience, but I've gotten rather tired of waiting. It's fine, he will probably come running up before long."
"...Act... tired of waiting...?"
At Eugeo showing his surprise once again, Humbert visibly jerked his long and narrow chin. The two fluttered the hems of their long garments, walking towards the bedroom to the west. Eugeo reluctantly chased after them with uncertain steps.
Beyond the door Humbert opened was a dense darkness filled with a suffocating amount of aromatic smoke. Raios first entered and Humbert then followed behind, disappearing into the darkness.
Seeing the light purple smoke seeping out as though it was lurking about the bed, Eugeo stopped in his tracks. He felt like that smoke should not exist in this Sword Mastery Academy—no, in this entire, vast Human World; it was a smoke of pure evil. More so than the smoke from the bonfire built by those abominable residents of darkness—that group of goblins he had encountered underground in the mountain range at the edge two years ago.
It was when he was about to involuntarily turn his head away. He thought he could faintly smell a slight, cool and clean scent drifting around. A familiar smell that closely resembled that of solbe leaves.
It was the smell around Tiezé's uniform.
"......Tiezé... Ronye...!"
While calling out the valet trainees' names, the wall lamp lit up the instant he rushed into the bedroom.
What Eugeo saw—were the two girls lying down in a line on a large canopy bed. No, to be more specific, they were rolled there. After all, both of them were bound up with several layers of a bright red rope atop their grey novice trainee uniforms. Perhaps due to the dense aroma drifting in the air, those red and brown eyes stayed still, staring blankly into space, as if half of their consciousness was in disarray.
"Wha... wh-why did..."
As he murmured in astonishment, Eugeo realized he should free the two of their bonds before anything else and ran up to the bed. However-
"Please, do not move!"
Shouting out sharply, Raios extended his palm right in front of Eugeo's eyes. Reluctantly shifting his vision to him, Eugeo wringed his hoarse voice out.
"Wh... What exactly is this, Raios-dono! Why have our valets been subjected to..."
"This treatment was unavoidable, Eugeo-dono."
"Unavoid... able...?"
"Affirmative. Novice Trainees Shtolienen and Arabel visited this evening without even a prior enquiry for a meeting and furthermore, committed an act of excessive disrespect upon us."
"Disrespect... you say......"
With Eugeo surprised yet again, Humbert stepped forward from the wall and answered with a broad grin.
"And it was in an outrageous manner of speech. I wish you could have heard them... of all things, those lower class noble girls had to tell me about how I, a fourth class aristocrat, had been oppressing my own valet without any reason, satisfying my own lust and such. To me, the second-rank elite swordsman-in-training who has been trying to guide Frenica on the right path, you know? —No matter how tolerant I may be, I certainly couldn't overlook an act of disrespect of that level."
"That wasn't all to it, Eugeo-dono. Those two even told me about the responsibility I held for being in the same room as Humbert, and such things that couldn't be further away from the truth. When I answered that I had no idea what they were talking about, it was such a surprise... to think the daughters of sixth class noble families would try to ask the eldest son of a third class noble family like myself, 'Don't you have the pride of a noble?'! Dear me, I didn't know what I was to do."
Raios and Humbert exchanged glances again at that point, stifled laughter escaping from them going, kukuku, or, fufufu. They knew the valet, Frenica, was on good terms with Tiezé and Ronye, then continued the abuse and humiliation due to that. Until Tiezé and Ronye arrived in this room to protest directly.
Of course, they probably picked their words carefully at first. However, they were definitely provoked by Raios' and Humbert's evasive way of speaking before finally letting out some words that could be considered as disrespectful behavior.
——However.
"...But, Raios-dono. Even if that really happened... I do believe that tying them up with a rope and locking them away in your bedroom greatly deviates from the swordsmen-in-training's punishment authority...!"
Restraining his feelings from bursting out as well this time, Eugeo pointed that out.
Tiezé and Ronye seemed to be only bound above their uniform, without any injuries on their bodies. But the academy regulations recognized only three kinds of punishments against trainees with disrespectful behavior; cleaning, practice and a duel. It was clear that binding with a rope went under none of those. In other words, Raios' and Humbert's actions were against the academy regulations—
"Swordsmen-in-training's punishment authority?"
Abruptly muttering so, Raios bent his tall figure and closed in to Eugeo's face.
"Since when did I say that I used a privilege used to deceive little kids like the punishment authority?"
"Wh... What do you mean? The specifics on punishments for acts of disrespect from trainees are strictly noted in the academy regulations..."
"That would be your misunderstanding. Did you forget this note in the academy regulations? —That in addition, provisions from any superior laws will take precedence regarding all of the punishments."
Raios suddenly changed his facial expression then. Excessively raising the two ends of his red lips, a sadistic smile never seen before showed itself.
"Those superior laws would be the Taboo Index and the Empire Fundamental Law. As such, I am unable to reduce the Life of those girls one-sidedly. The rope used is a high-quality item made from the easily stretchable silk of the east region, you see... it's an excellent item that won't cause any injury no matter how hard I tie them."
"B-But! No matter how high-quality the rope might be, the punishment of tying students up with it is..."
"Do you still not understand, Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono? Superior laws will take precedence; in other words... what I, the eldest son of a third class noble family, could exercise on those daughters of sixth class noble families is not the swordsmen-in-training's punishment authority, but the authority to judge of the nobles!"
—Authority to judge, of the nobles.
The instant he heard that phrase, Eugeo recalled Tiezé's words from the time they played at the forest the other day.
The nobles' authority to judge was bestowed upon aristocrats of the fourth class and above, while those from the fifth class and below were the targets of those judgements instead...
As if enjoying Eugeo's dumbfounded facial expression, Raios kept silent for a while but soon swung his two arms apart with a much louder cry, an action like that of a play.
"And that authority to judge is the highest privilege of the upper class nobles! It may only be exercised upon fifth and sixth class aristocrats and their families, as well as those commoners who live on my land, but the specifics of the punishment are mine to decide! Certainly, those may not go against the Taboo Index, but if you turn it around, everything is possible as long as it's not a taboo!"
After hearing that much, Eugeo finally recovered from his shock and opened his mouth.
"But... but still! Even if you say everything is possible, isn't tying up fifteen and sixteen year old girls simply too horrible..."
"Haha... hahaha, hahahahaha!!"
Suddenly, Humbert raised his shrill laughter. Disheveling the hem of his yellow long garment, he continued sneering as his body shivered.
"Hahaha, th-this is a masterpiece, Raios-dono! It looks like Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono still believes that our judgement was merely playing with that rope!"
"Ku-kuh, it can't be helped, Humbert. Even if he came to this faraway central from his remote mountain village, he's still a commoner as a swordsman-in-training! Well, today will probably be the day for Eugeo-dono to find out... just what exalted presences we are, as upper class nobles!"
Declaring so, Raios turned about—
Upon walking up to the bed Tiezé and Ronye laid on, he placed his knee onto the sheets without any hesitation. The bedframe creaked and Tiezé, still stuck in a haze, endlessly blinked her eyes.
Those red eyes slowly opened, and caught sight of Raios about to stretch over herself. In that instant, a delicate voice shook the bedroom.
"No... No...!"
Distorting her body, she tried to escape, but could not as both her arms and legs were bound. Raios' moist, naked white hand reached out and caressed Tiezé's cheeks.
At his side, Humbert who followed after him onto the bed was creeping his hand across Ronye's legs. Though being the one to awaken later, Ronye understood the situation and a wordless shriek escaped her lips.
Eugeo finally understood the contents of the «judgement» happening a mere three mel ahead of him.
Raios and Humbert were disgracing Tiezé's and Ronye's bodies with their own. They were forcing an act, allowed only between a man and woman who were married under the blessing of Stacia—or so Eugeo believed, under the nobles' authority to judge.
The moment he understood, Eugeo cried out.
"Stop it...!!"
It happened the moment he took a step towards the bed. Raising his face swiftly, Raios had a fiery gleam in his eyes as he shouted.
"Do not move, commoner!!"
With his right hand still teasing Tiezé's face, he pointed at Eugeo's face with his left.
"This is the just and solemn judgement of a noble in accordance to the Empire Fundamental Law as well as the Taboo Index! Also, obstruction of the authority to judge is a serious crime! Move another step from where you are and you'll be branded a criminal who broke the law!"
"Who..."
the heck cares about that!
Get away from Tiezé and Ronye!
Eugeo tried to shout thus. He tried to do so while lunging at Raios. However.
His feet suddenly stopped by themselves as though they were nailed to the floor. The excess momentum made him fall onto his knees. He flustered as he tried to get up, but his legs paid him no heed.
Those words from Raios, "criminal who broke the law", continued echoing endlessly in his mind. Who cares about the law, I have to help Tiezé and Ronye even if I become a criminal. Eugeo indeed thought that, but he could hear a voice that didn't belong to him coming from somewhere.
The Axiom Church was absolute. The Taboo Index was absolute. Going against it was forbidden. Forbidden whoever it was.
"Gu... h...!!"
He gritted his teeth and raised his right foot in defiance of that voice. Those familiar leather boots—even the feet inside of them were heavy as though they had turned to lumps of lead. Taking fleeting glances at Eugeo in that state, Raios jeered in a whisper.
"That's right, just look from over there like a good little boy."
"U... ugh..."
He managed to step onto the floorboards with his unheeding right foot after all his efforts, but he couldn't lift himself up any further. Even while he tried, Raios' and Humbert's filthy hands were reaching out towards Tiezé and Ronye.
"——Senpai."
Hearing that feeble voice, Eugeo merely shifted his sight.
Upon doing so, Tiezé, who was being pressed down by Raios, turned only her head to the side and looked straight at Eugeo. Those cheeks, that were always red like apples, were a deep blue, perhaps due to the overwhelming fear but the gleam of a strong determination had returned to her eyes.
"Senpai, don't move. There's no need to worry about me... this is, a punishment I, should be taking."
Those broken, quivering words were firmly asserted by Tiezé and she returned back to looking straight up after a single nod. After glaring at Raios for an instant, she closed her eyes tightly. Beside her, Ronye was pressing her face into Tiezé's shoulder, but there were no screams coming from her anymore.
Facing the girls' determination, Raios drew his body back as if he was a little surprised—
Before a toxic smile showed itself on his face and he whispered.
"You got quite a tenacity for the young daughter of a sixth class noble family, don't you. Looks like we can really enjoy seeing how much they can hold out, huh, Humbert."
"Then shall we have a competition to see which cries out first, Raios-dono?"
The faces of those two, from which lines that didn't contain a shred of the pride of nobles came out, were so full of arousal and lust that they practically gleamed.
It was a somewhat familiar expression. While trying his best to get his unmoving foot forward, Eugeo thought with his partially numb mind. That was, right, the face on those goblins he had seen in that northern cave two years ago. They were exactly like those residents of the land of darkness that he and Kirito had chopped up with machetes.


Raios and Humbert reached out their hands towards Tiezé's and Ronye's faces at the same time and crept their fingertips across their foreheads and cheeks as if to stir up their fear and shame further. The only reason why they deftly avoided the lips was due to the restriction against direct contact on the lips before taking the vows of marriage. However—while establishing that as a taboo, what sort of law was one that allowed a girl to be defiled through brute force before marriage? What significance does a law like that have in its existence?
Twitch.
Suddenly, a sharp pain ran, deep within his right eye. That strange pain that occurred sometimes, when he bore doubts about the law and church.
Normally, he would automatically stop his thoughts whenever he felt this pain. But now, just this one time, Eugeo continued thinking while cowering unsightly on the floor.
Each and every law or taboo should exist for the sake of allowing all of those living in the Human World to pass their days in happiness. You must not steal. You must not hurt. And, you must not defy the Axiom Church. It was when all people followed that, that the world would maintain its peace.
However, if that was so, why were all of those laws full of «prohibitions»? That countless number of prohibition clauses listed down, extending over hundreds of pages, wasn't needed; wouldn't this be all that had to be written? Everyone should appreciate, pay their respects and possess a benevolent heart towards everyone else. If only that single sentence was written down in the Taboo Index, something like Raios and Humbert luring Tiezé and Ronye into a trap and toying with them wouldn't happen.
In other words, it was impossible. Even through the authority of the Church, it was not possible for all of mankind to hold only virtues. After all... after all...
Humans were existences that held both good and evil from the start.
The Taboo Index held back no more than a mere, single portion of human evil. That was why Raios and Humbert could stain those innocent girls by slipping through the coarse stitches of the law, no, in a sense, they were doing so while in accordance with the law. And, Eugeo already held no such authority that could obstruct that. Now, at this very moment, the law was permitting Raios' actions and prohibiting Eugeo's.
As if they had already forgotten about Eugeo's existence, the upper class nobles were looking over the girls' bodies with blazing bright eyes as they pulled them up. Exposing the front of their long garments, they hung over those two to perform that final deed at last.
The moment they felt the males approaching, Tiezé's and Ronye's faces distorted with several times the dread and disgust they had felt until then. They flung their heads left and right furiously like they were imploring, but Raios and Humbert slowly, slowly brought their bodies closer as if they were enjoying that act itself.
Finally, a thin voice escaped from Ronye's voice once again.
"N-No... No... No......!"
Tiezé likely reached her limit with her close friend's crying voice. Large drops of tears and a scream overflowed from her at the same time.
"No... save us... save us, Eugeo-senpai! Eugeo-senpai—!"
A law that dealt a punishment this harsh to Tiezé and Ronye who mustered their courage to act for their friend, Frenica.
A law that did not stop the plan to lure the girls into a trap thought up by Raios and Humbert who were getting rid of their chastity at this very moment.
If following such a law would be considered good.
"I......"
Eugeo put his all into lifting up his body which felt heavy as though everything from his feet to his head had turned to lead, and reached his right hand out to the hilt of the Blue Rose Sword gripped by his left hand. His right eye had gone past pain and became a scorching hot mass before he knew it, painting his vision red, but he ignored it and tightly grasped the hilt with force.
The instant Eugeo draws the sword with its sharp steel blade, he would probably lose all that he had achieved in this academy. His position as the fifth elite swordsman-in-training, his place in the academy, even his goal to participate in the Swordsmanship Tournament as the academy's representative swordsman.
But if he merely looks on at Raios' actions at this very moment here, he would definitely lose something important. The pride of a swordsman... no, his own heart itself.
When they were enjoying themselves in the forest the day before yesterday, Kirito said this. That there were things that must be done even if prohibited by the law. Something more important than the law, the taboo, the Axiom Church.
He had finally understood after this long. Why Alice had ended up touching the ground in the land of darkness eight years ago.
There was no mistake that Alice was trying to help the Darkness Knight who was on the verge of death after getting pierced through the chest by the integrity knight at that time. For what was inside of herself: that important something.
And now, Eugeo's turn was here. What exactly that important something was, wasn't what he could put into words—though to many people living in the Human World, that might just be «evil».
"But...... I!"
With a wordless shout, Eugeo drew the Blue Rose Sword from its scabbard.
However.
Clank; as if the sword and its scabbard, no, his entire arm was buried in ice, the motion of his right hand suddenly froze. At the same time, a tremendous, intense pain penetrated the core of his head from his right eye. Sparks scattered across his vision dyed bright red, his consciousness leapt away.
......What... is this.
......No, this is...... the same, as that time.
Eight years ago. The time he tried to help Alice who was being taken away by the integrity knight in the plaza before the church in Rulid; it was exactly the same.
With the sword still drawn out a mere few millicen, Eugeo couldn't move. His voice couldn't come out either.
As if his two legs had grown roots spreading deep into the ground, he couldn't even make the slightest motion.
Raios and Humbert turned to look at him, perhaps having noticed the abnormality, and made broad sneers at Eugeo's unsightly, frozen state, still gripping onto his sword.
Slowing down their pace further, they moved their waists closer to Tiezé and Ronye shouting away in their crying voices, as if they were showing off.
In front of them, Eugeo saw a strange mark.
It was in the middle of his vision dyed in pale red. Shining the color of blood, multiple sacred letters lined up into a circle, rotating towards the right. It should be read as [SYSTEM ALERT:CODE871], but he did not understand it at all.
However, Eugeo's instincts told him. This was some sort of «seal». A seal applied deep within his right eye hindering his movements and enforcing his compliance to the law that time eight years back, and now as well. Due to this, he couldn't do anything aside from looking on as Alice was taken away.
"U... gu... oo...!"
Holding onto his vanishing consciousness with all he had, Eugeo stared at the deep crimson seal. And, on its other side, Raios and Humbert who were truly going to penetrate the girls' bodies.
Unforgivable. Definitely unforgivable. Turning the resentment he held for those two into strength, he moved his right arm. Inside the scabbard, the blade slid through bit by bit. The sacred letters in his sight steadily enlarged in proportion to that, with their rotation rate speeding up as well.
"N-Noooo——! Senpai——!!"
Tiezé shouted-
"U... oooaaaa———!!"
And Eugeo screamed as well; that was when it happened.
With explosions of silver light at his right eye, the eyeball itself popped out from inside with a splattering sensation.
His vision degenerated to half of what it had been, but Eugeo still ignored it and savagely slid the Blue Rose Sword out of its scabbard. Before it was completely drawn, the blade already carried a blue radiance.
Aincrad-style secret move, Horizontal.
Perhaps perceiving the single hit that resembled thunder at the edge of his vision, Raios barely dodged below it. His flowing blonde hair touched its edge and scattered away.
However, Humbert was deeper inside and it was too late before he noticed Eugeo's movement. The moment he stopped his body that was on the verge of penetrating Ronye and sluggishly turned towards the left, his two eyes opened up widely.
"Eek......"
With that short shriek, the Blue Rose Sword hit near the elbow on his left arm that he had instinctively put up as if the sword were attracted to it.
There was no substantial resistance. However, Humbert's left arm was sliced into two halves and flew into the air as it spun about, falling onto the extravagant carpet.
No one made any sign of either moving or talking for a while. With his sword swung straight ahead all the way, Eugeo felt the pain that still remained where his right eye should not exist anymore.
Eventually—
A large amount of blood spouted out from the severed portion of Humbert's left arm that was raised up high with a spraying sound. Most of it fell onto the lustrous sheets, but one bit of it rained onto the left of Eugeo's body, creating black specks on his indigo blue uniform.
"No... aah... aaaaah——!?"
Following that, a shrill scream surged out from Humbert's throat. His eyes and mouth opened widely, his sight was fixed onto the blood flowing profusely out from his own arm.
"M.. my... my arm's...! Blood... so much blood...!! My Life... my Life is droppingggg!!"
That was when he finally grasped the severed part with his right hand, but the blood didn't stop with merely that. While the red fluid spilled onto the sheets in drops, he slid up towards Raios at his immediate left.
"Ra-Raios-donoo! Sacred arts! No, normal arts won't make it anymore... please, please share your Life with me...!!"
The bloodstained right hand reached out as though it wanted to cling onto Raios—but he smoothly slipped away and got off the bed. It appeared Tiezé and Ronye were still in a daze over what had happened, as they lay on the sheets with a blank expression.
"Raios-dono, your Lifeee!"
Raios looked towards Humbert, still shouting away, with eyes containing both surprise and apathy and spoke.
"...Stop that commotion, Humbert. You won't lose all of your Life with just a single arm falling off... or so I read in some book. Wrap it up in those silk strings and stop the flow of blood."
"N-No way..."
"Rather—did you see, Humbert?"
Taking his sight away from Humbert who was coiling two ropes, used to bind Ronye's and Tiezé's legs, onto the wound with a frantic look, Raios looked down at Eugeo who was crouching, having completed the swing of his sword. The tip of his tongue licked over those much crooked lips countless times.
"What cut and blew away your arm was that bumpkin's sword. Magnificent... this is... the first time I've seen someone commit a taboo. I was expecting nothing more than an act of disrespect, but... to think he would violate the Taboo Index of all things!! This is truly magnificent!!"
Turning around with his front still exposed, Raios walked up to the wall opposite of the bed. He withdrew a large long sword from a scabbard of red leather hung from there.
"The authority to judge was to be used only on lower class nobles and those who live in my domain, but... that restriction does not matter against someone who has committed such a grave taboo!"
While shouting with a voice that seemed even more excited than earlier, when he was assaulting Tiezé, the sword scraped as it was drawn from its scabbard. He brandished the silver blade that shone like a mirror high above his head with his right hand.
Outside the window, a noticeably fervid peal of thunder roared. The violet light glanced off the blade, getting into Eugeo's left eye. Raios Antinous will judge Eugeo with that sword... in other words, he clearly intended to murder him. However, Eugeo made no movement. Even though he had violated the Taboo Index and had his right eye blown away by an unknown seal, the shock from the act of slicing Humbert with his sword was too much for him and he couldn't hold his sword properly, or even make the slightest motion at all.
"Kuh, kukuku... What a pity, Swordsman-in-training Eugeo-dono. And I was looking forward to crossing swords with you in the official match next month too. I certainly didn't think I would be saying farewell to you in this manner."
Speaking in a voice mixed with insane joy, Raios took one step, two steps closer.
Eugeo looked up at the sword held high above through his misty left eye.
I can't die here; even as that thought ran through his mind, he heard a defeated voice as well; I'll die if I don't move. The dream of becoming an integrity knight and going to meet Alice would disappear forever. His beloved sword would take in the blood of humans and Eugeo would become a villainous criminal. But still, he was able to help Tiezé and Ronye in the end at least. Raios and Humbert shouldn't be assaulting those girls any further. Hence—even within this terrible crime he had committed, there was a fragment of relief.
"Kuh, kuku... It's the first time taking off a human's neck with a real sword, even for me. No, even my father or uncle shouldn't have done it. With this, I'll get even stronger... much more than even that aloof heir of the Levanteinn family."
Raios' sword and face glowed white once more and the roar of a crack of thunder followed that. Even Humbert, hugging onto his left arm, opened his eyes wide as though he forgot the pain of his wound for the moment while Tiezé, still bound on the bed, tried her all to call something out.
Eugeo returned a small smile to the novice trainee who had worked hard serving him as his valet, though it was for merely a single month, and bowed down his head.
"Swordsman-in-training Eugeo; no, Criminal Eugeo!! This eldest son of a third class noble family, Raios Antinous, will now execute thou through the nobles' judgement authority!! Offer all of your Life to God... and atone for your crime!!"
Raios Antinous shouted out loud and his sword followed as it growled—
Clink! He heard the noise of a heavy collision. The blade did not come for his head no matter how long he waited. Eugeo slowly raised his head, and then, he saw.
Below Raios' sword, swung half the way downwards, was another... long sword with a jet-black blade stopping its advance. The sleeve that covered the arm extended fully from behind too, was black. The hair drenched in rain of the intruder likewise—was black.
"Kiri... to......"
Upon Eugeo saying his name, his partner, who should have gone to the novice trainees' dormitory to look for Tiezé and Ronye, gave a faint nod while moving only his lips to whisper "Sorry". Shifting his sight back to the front, he spoke in a solemn voice.
"Take away your sword, Raios. I won't let you hurt Eugeo."
With that, Raios' mouth warped in animosity for a moment, but returned to a smile all at once and answered.
"So you've finally arrived, Swordsman-in-training Kirito. However... you're a little too late! That bumpkin over there is no longer a student of this academy, or even a subject of this empire for that matter. He's a heinous criminal who disobeyed the Taboo Index! Hence, I—Raios Antinous, the eldest son of a third class noble family and the head elite swordsman-in-training, have the authority to judge over that crime. Back off and look on from there... as this criminal's head falls like a flower of the past!!"
At Raios' long-winded speech, Kirito responded with words much shorter, but held several times more weight.
"Like I care about taboos or the nobles' authority to judge."
Without any attempts to wipe off the drops of rain trickling down his hair, he glared at Raios with shining eyes set aflame.
"Eugeo's my best friend. And you're a piece of garbage worse than even the goblins from the land of darkness."
Upon hearing that, Raios' face was first dyed in fright, then hatred, before finally filled with a sadistic joy.
"Dear me. ——Oh my, this is such a surprise! To think the fellow bumpkins from the outskirts would commit the crime of high treason, hand in hand! With this, I will be able to deal with both of you all together. This is such a fortunate day... this must truly be the guidance of Stacia!!"
Pulling back the crossed sword swiftly, he got back into the upper-level posture. But this time, he was holding on to the lengthy grip with both hands. He halved his stance with his sloppy long garment fluttering, lowering his waist, and the blade shone in a red mixed with blackish tinges. High Norkia-style secret move, «Heavenly Mountain Rending Wave».
The instant he saw that stance, Eugeo instinctively tried to get up.
Kirito dueled the previous head swordsman-in-training, Uolo Levanteinn, two and a half months ago and destroyed his Heavenly Mountain Rending Wave with the Aincrad-style four-hit consecutive skill, «Vertical Square». However, the ominous spirit being let out by Raios' secret move far exceeded Uolo's. It was likely that he could hardly hope to match Uolo in terms of skill, but his «pride as a noble» had swelled to its utmost limit, bestowing power upon his sword.
It'll be dangerous by yourself even if it's you, Kirito; Eugeo tried his best to rouse his body, but he could gather no power in his legs at all.
But his partner then gently grasped Eugeo's right shoulder with his left hand. "It's alright", Kirito deeply whispered and made Eugeo fall back to the left wall, before gripping onto the handle of the black sword with both hands like Raios.
His consciousness was half covered in haze, but still, Eugeo was startled and opened his left eye. The Aincrad-style should have been identical to the Zakkaria-style in how most of the skills were for single wield. Especially for the secret moves, of which none could be activated with a two-handed weapon. In the first place, the grips for Kirito's black sword and Eugeo's Blue Rose Blue were much too short for both hands to hold—
"......!!"
Just as he thought so, Eugeo was rammed by an even greater shock and swallowed his breath.
While letting out a repetitive clinking sound, the black sword's grip that Kirito held onto stretched longer, even if it was just a little. No, it wasn't merely the grip. The blade itself was growing in both width and length as well. It wasn't at the level of Raios' large sword, but it was already longer than the Blue Rose Sword by five or six cen now.
Kirito held the black sword that had increased in size with his two hands at the right of his waist. The sword made the air tremble as it gleamed green like jade. That skill was not from the Aincrad-style. He had seen it countless times in the official matches of the previous year—the Serlut-style secret move, «Whirling Current».
"Kuh, kufufu... that sham of a skill made in desperation, huh! I'll crush some substitute like that with my secret move!!"
"Come, Raios! I'll pay back everything I owe you!!"
Both of their fighting spirit howled and painted the bedroom, which couldn't be said to be very wide, red and green.
Humbert who was cowering on the floor and now upon the bed, Tiezé and Ronye who were motionlessly glued to each other, and Eugeo who propped himself up on one knee by the wall; all of them stared at the two swordsmen facing off.
If it wasn't for today, it wouldn't be odd to see these elite swordsmen-in-training in the finals of the official match the coming month—they moved at the same time, with the next crack of thunder.
"Keaaaaaa!!"
Along with that shrill war cry, Raios swung his sword straight down.
"Seyaa!!"
With that short scream, Kirito slashed diagonally upwards with his sword.
The two swords clashed as the red and green grappled with each other, the resulting impact made the floorboards tremor while the glass windows cracked and broke towards the outside. As he stared at the black and silver blades struggling where they collided, Eugeo finally understood why Kirito did not use the Aincrad-style.
Single wield skills, that fall behind in pressure even if they excel in speed, could not defend against the two-handed skills of the High Norkia-style in a single strike. The skill would have to connect two or three hits while jumping back and warding off the force at the time of the collision, but that would not be possible in this bedroom, far narrower than the practice arena. It would likely be different if it was the living room next door at least, but Kirito could only fight here to protect Eugeo who couldn't move from Raios' depraved blade. That was why Kirito did not use the Aincrad-style, but let out Whirling Current from the two-handed skills of the Serlut-style instead.
"Ki... Kirito...!!"
At the same time that Eugeo forced his partner's name out of his dry, rough throat, Kirito’s left shoulder slumped down. While releasing a creaking, grating noise, the black sword was driven back. Raios' eyes and mouth were upturned until they could be raised no more and a completely high-pitched scream gushed out of him.
"How's that... how's that!! You load of bastards without family names!! There is no way this Raios Antinous-sama could be defeated!! Even if you could make dead flowers bloom again with some suspicious technique, those deceptions will not work on my sworddddd——!!"
Raios' fighting spirit had turned from red to dusky black unnoticed and that covered not only the blade, but his body as well, starting from his arm, ruffling his long garment and blonde hair violently. Kirito's sword was pushed back close to where it had started and its emerald spirit swayed unsteadily.
"Kiri......"
When he was about to call out his partner's name again, Eugeo suddenly noticed.
Whirling Current pushed back by the Heavenly Mountain Rending Wave. He had seen this exact same scene a short time ago.
That was during the finals of the last official match for the previous elite swordsmen-in-training, in the third month of this year. Sortiliena-senpai was pushed onto one knee by the mighty sword of the head, Uolo, just like how Kirito was right now... but this was when——
"U... ooo!!"
Kirito roared once again. A vivid jade radiance welled out from the black sword, dying the room in its color. The second hit of a single-hit secret move. The bold move from Liena-senpai that had defeated Uolo at the end of ends.
Normally, the various secret moves would stop if their forms were broken. However, only in the situation that it were to return on the proper trajectory of its slash, could it be held on for much longer. Having noticed that in the duel between Kirito and Uolo, Liena-senpai mastered it in a mere half month. The second hit of the Serlut-style secret move, Whirling Current.
Kirito was Liena-senpai's valet, but as she graduated right after the official match, he should not have had the time to learn this skill directly from her. In other words, Kirito must have made his master's skill his own after seeing it once as well.
This truly was how the relationship between the swordsman-in-training and the valet trainee should be.
And this truly was the essence behind the sword.
Tears flowed from Eugeo's left eye. These were the tears from being overly touched by a magnificently performed skill and the regret of not having studied the sword much more. In the middle of his blurred vision the Whirling Current brought out once again by Kirito split Raios' sword into perfect halves—
The two arms of the head elite swordsman-in-training were severed and blown away a little before where the wrists were.

Thrown away backwards and landing on his rear on the carpet, Raios stared at the bottom half of his own long sword and the two hands that held its grip, rolling a short distance away, with a curious look.
Before long, he turned his sight to his own two arms. The white arms extended from the bright red long garment were cleanly severed before the elbows. A large amount of fresh blood suddenly gushed out from the smooth cuts, dying Raios' chest and stomach in the same red as his long garment.


"N... N... Nooooooooo——!!"
With his two eyes and mouth opened as wide as they could, Raios screamed in a shrill voice.
"M... my arm!! My arms'ss!! Blood, there's blood!!"
It seems Raios, who told Humbert to "stop his commotion and stop the flow of blood" when his left arm was sliced off by Eugeo, could not keep his calm when he suffered the same fate. His widely opened eyes fluctuated from place to place as he looked around himself, the moment he spotted Humbert cowering a short distance away, he sidled up to him on his knees.
"Humbeeeeert!! Blood!! Stop my blood!! Untie your strings and tie my wound!!"
It appeared that even Humbert, who usually acted as though he was Raios' follower, could not obey that order as expected. While hugging onto his own left arm wrapped up in the red silk strings, he kept shaking his head bit by bit.
"N-No! I-If this is untied, my Life will drop!!"
"What did you say?! Humbe—rt, you want my Life to......"
However, Raios got his voice cut off there.
The two strands of silk string, originally used to bind Tiezé and Ronye, were now being used to stop the flow of blood from Humbert's left arm. Both of those strings must be used if the blood from Raios' two arms were to be stopped. However, with the wound itself yet to be healed, blood would flow again if the strings were untied from Humbert and his Life would begin to drop once more. Reducing another's Life without a justifiable reason or agreement—that was a clear violation of the Taboo Index.
"But... my blood's... Humbert, you... taboo... however... my Life......"
Raios recited incoherent words in a hysterical voice. His line of sight restlessly switched from the blood still flowing from his own wounds and the silk strings wrapped around Humbert's wound.
Raios Antinous, the successor to a third class noble family, was now forced into a situation where he had to choose between «his own life» and «the Taboo Index». To the gigantic mass of pride that he was, his own life must be countless times more important. However, at the same time, he could not go against the absolute law, the Taboo Index. If he were to do that, he would become a heinous criminal, just like Eugeo who he himself had tried to decapitate.
"Aaaah... taboo... life... bloodd... tabooooo......"
The one who approached Raios, still continuing his screams, was Kirito.
Coming to a stop two mel before him, he first reached out to Tiezé and Ronye who were huddling against each other atop the bed with his hands. He touched their shoulders as if to reassure them and after a nod, he untied the string binding Ronye's upper body. He must have planned to stop Raios' blood with that, but the knot wasn't easily untied. Even while that happened, the frenzy that the head swordsman-in-training was in amplified in intensity.
"Blood... taboo... li... ta... rif... da......!"
It was when Raios threw his entire body backwards as incomprehensible words leaked out from him that Kirito took a step towards him with the string he had finally gotten untied—that was when it happened.
"Life, daboo, rife, daboo, ri, r-r-ririri-"
Raios' voice echoed with a peculiar tinge. It felt more like the cry of a beast rather than human speech, or the strange noise emitted by a tool that was already broken.
"R-R-Ri, ri, rai, ria, riariaria, riariariariaria————"
Abruptly, the noise ceased.
Raios Antinous fell straight backwards and landed with a thump. Blood remained flowing from the wounds on his two arms, so that would mean that he should still have Life remaining, but Eugeo intuitively understood Raios was no longer living.
Even Kirito was frozen with a facial expression showing fright as expected, while both Tiezé and Ronye, who were trying to untie the ropes that bound them, opened their eyes wide—while that happened, Humbert timidly approached Raios and looked into his thrown back face.
"E-Eek!!"
A scream filled with fear immediately welled out of him.
"Ra-Ra-Raios-dono's... h-h-he's dead...! Y-Y-You... you killed him, you killed him!! Murderer... y-you monster... monster...!!"
Crawling away from Kirito and getting up with both knees trembling, he fell out into the living room. It seems he rushed out into the corridor like that, as the footsteps and screams vanished towards the staircase.
Eugeo already had no idea of what would happen and what he should be doing from now on. Too much had happened in succession and he even thought of the right eye that had popped as a trivial issue.
For the time being, he returned the Blue Rose Sword still held in his right hand back to its scabbard and somehow got on his feet.
He first exchanged glances with Kirito and after a single, silent nod, he took one, two steps towards Tiezé who still sat on the bed.
But he then came to a standstill. Thinking about it, Eugeo was now a criminal who had gone against the Taboo Index and sliced apart Humbert's arm. To a girl who had lived for merely sixteen years, he must be the same as Raios... or perhaps, his existence might even be several times as abominable.
Not even able to look at Tiezé's face any longer, Eugeo lowered his own and tried to draw back.
But before he could do so, a small figure flew into his chest with a thump.
The messed up red hair strongly pushed against Eugeo's uniform. Simultaneously, a harsh voice struck his earlobes.
"I'm sorry... I'm sorry, Eugeo-senpai... It's... it's because of me that...!"
Eugeo reacted by vehemently shaking his head, then interrupted Tiezé's speech.
"That's not it, it's not your fault, Tiezé. I... I didn't think through it enough. You aren't at fault for any of it, Tiezé."
"B-But... but...!"
"It's fine, both you and Ronye ended up unharmed. I have to apologize too... sorry for making you go through all those scary things."
When he said that and awkwardly stroked the autumn-colored hair, Tiezé begun to sob even harder. Ronye was pushing her face into Kirito's chest while crying as well, at his side. Moving his line of sight upwards, his partner gave a slight nod when their eyes met.
It happened when Eugeo tried to nod in return. Kirito's face twitched into a grimace as though someone pulled onto his hair. His eyes darted left and right and looked up at the ceiling next.
Those black eyes suddenly opened wide, so Eugeo traced their sight. And—he saw that.
Near the northeast corner on the bedroom's ceiling, something that looked like a violet panel was hovering. It greatly resembled the «Stacia Window», but was much larger, not to mention round. And from deep inside that, someone was looking down at the room... no, at Eugeo and the rest. It was unknown whether that someone was male or female, young or old. There were eyes on the pale skin, round and like glass marbles.
......Somewhere in the past.
......I have seen that person somewhere long ago in the past.
While Eugeo's intuition told him that, the white face opened its bottomless pit of a mouth. In that instant, Kirito who stood at his side whispered in an extremely soft voice.
"Don't let Tiezé and Ronye hear it!"
Eugeo instantaneously strongly embraced Tiezé's head with both arms while she was still sobbing. It happened then right after Kirito did the same, wrapping Ronye up.
"Singular unit detected. ID tracing..."
A mysterious voice emerged from the being on the opposite side of the purple panel, no, window. Verses for a sacred arts ceremony—he thought, but there were none of the vocabulary he had learnt from the lessons. The face remained silent for two, three seconds before-
"Coordinates fixed. Report complete."
It closed its mouth with those final words and vanished without a trace along with the window. It was a strange phenomenon, but Eugeo's mind was far too exhausted to feel surprise or fear. Leaving the explanations to Kirito, he gently let out the breath he held.
The storm outside the window had left unnoticed, leaving the ongoing sobs from Ronye and Tiezé to sound out alone. Eugeo firmly held on to his valet trainee's small frame while he lowered his sight from the ceiling towards the floor.
The corpse of Raios Antinous, who had died with his two arms that were severed from the elbow onwards and his back bent as far back as it could, was there.
Kirito was the one who had cut Raios, but Eugeo had sliced off Humbert's arm as well, so they were the same. He could recall Humbert's screams deep in his ears.
—Murderer. Monster.
Those were words that had appeared in the old tales his grandmother told and greatly frightened his brothers and himself when they were children. The demi-humans from the land of darkness held no laws or taboos to uphold and killed even those of their own race, his grandmother recited. Eugeo found it to be the truth by experiencing it first-hand in the underground cave in the mountain range at the edge two years ago.
...That's right, I'm already the same as those goblins. The human named Humbert Zizek... who was even my peer at this Sword Mastery Academy; that person was cut by me in my fit of anger.
In that case, to at least prove that I am different from those goblins, even if it's only by a little, shouldn't I judge my own self? Shouldn't I, having become a monster, not have the right to beg for forgiveness from Tiezé's body warmth like this...?
Eugeo's shoulder, while he tried to bear the torment by firmly closing the left eye he had left, was—
Tightly gripped by Kirito's hand which reached out from the side. A deep murmur came with it.
"You're human, Eugeo. Just like me... committing various mistakes, and still struggling to find the significance behind them... that's how humans are."
The moment he heard that, Eugeo felt a warm fluid spilling out from his own left eye. Thinking it might be bleeding like his right eye, he timidly lifted his eyelids, and the various golden fragments glistened in the light of the wall lamp.
What flowed was not blood but tears. They traced down his cheek and dripped onto Tiezé's hair one after another. After a short while, Tiezé nervously brought her face up and looked at Eugeo. Those red eyes wet with tears brought to mind a leaf on a tree in autumn, brimming with morning dew.
The girl who was still Eugeo's valet trainee at this very moment made a nearly indiscernible smile and upon retrieving a white handkerchief from her uniform's pocket, she gently touched Eugeo's cheek with that. Tiezé continued wiping the tears that flowed out over and over again, without end.
Part 5[edit]
"......It's a pity. Truly."
Saying so softly, Dormitory Supervisor Azurika followed up after a short pause to think.
"And I was sure the two of you would be the academy's representative swordsmen this year too."
"I was planning on that as well though."
He certainly couldn't emulate Kirito who went ahead and said that in this situation; on the contrary, his left eye gradually grew hotter, so Eugeo looked up in a fluster.
The 5th month's sky was cloudless, as though they were washed away by the storm last night. Many small birds were chirping in the branches of the trees sparkling in the verdant green of new sprouts. It would surely feel good to lie down on the lawn at the central plaza on a day like this—but Eugeo and Kirito would never have another chance to take an afternoon nap at this academy again.

The two spent the whole of last night on the other side of the iron door towering behind them—the underground discipline chamber of the Sword Mastery Academy's administrative building. The chamber was rather clean despite it being barely used since the start of the school and the beds were close to those of the novice trainees' dormitory, but as expected Eugeo was unable to get a wink of sleep.
Kirito was Kirito as always, trying hard the entire night to treat Eugeo's right eye that had popped with sacred arts, but regeneration of an organ was difficult when sealing the wound without a catalyst already took his all. In the first place, it was unclear why his right eye stopped working when it did not receive any external injuries. The sacred power in the surrounding atmosphere dried up as the ceremonies for various arts were tried and even Kirito, with his usual tenacity, could not help but to give up for the time being.
The night ended before long, the morning sun shone in the narrow window and the lock to the discipline chamber turned with the 9 AM bell. He thought it would be the empire's imperial guards here to escort them for sure, but the one standing beyond the door was surprisingly, Azurika-sensei from the novice trainees' dormitory—that was what had happened.
The female instructor, who could be thought to be in the latter part of her twenties, loosened the tension in her mouth just a little bit at Kirito's words, and turned to Eugeo. Those grey-blue eyes that brought to mind a cleanly polished blade and reminded Eugeo of Sister Azariya from Rulid Village always made him nervous, but he continued staring into those eyes without averting his eyes this particular time.
Dormitory Supervisor Azurika was about to say something, but then closed her mouth and next fetched an item from her coat's pocket. A small light green sphere. It resembled a glass ornament but wasn't one. It was the crystallized form of the sacred power harvested from the «four sacred flowers» cultivated in the academy's flowerbeds.
The dormitory supervisor broke the precious catalyst by pinching it between the fingertips of her left hand without hesitation. With a fleeting sound, glittering beads of light danced in the air. Without a moment's pause, she chanted the ceremony for the art with her right hand held at Eugeo's right eye.
"System call. Generate luminous element..."
It was at a recital speed far quicker than the instructors for sacred arts. Even while Eugeo and Kirito stood still dumbfounded, complex paragraphs of procedures were smoothly compiled together, and a warm light coalesced on the wound at Eugeo's right eye—
"Try opening your eye."
He heard that whisper at the end, so Eugeo timidly raised the right eyelid sealed for the past sixteen hours. Upon doing so, the right side of his vision returned as though it had never been gone, and a sigh of surprise and wonder escaped from him. Eugeo looked through the surroundings countless times before he gave a deep bow, finally having noticed.
"Th-Thank you very much, Azurika-sensei."
"It's fine. Rather than that... Swordsman-in-training Eugeo, and you too, Swordsman-in-training Kirito. Before I hand you over to your escort, I'll say this one thing."
Softly mentioning so, Dormitory Supervisor Azurika showed a rare sign of hesitation before placing her right hand on Kirito's shoulder and her left on Eugeo's shoulder.
"The both of you will likely be judged for the offence of disobeying the Taboo Index and harming the Life of another now. However, don't forget. That the Taboo Index... no, even the Axiom Church itself was made not by God, but by man."
"Eh... wh-what do you mean by..."
Eugeo questioned in reflex.
Even a child knew about how the God of Creation, Stacia, gave birth to the Human World, no matter how young. And that the Church which supervised the Human World too, was created by God as well.
"For now... that's all I'll say. But you'll definitely find out soon. About the truth behind this world."
That was when Dormitory Supervisor Azurika frowned and closed tightly, but only her right eye. Eugeo intuitively knew that she was enduring a sharp pain.
"...Swordsman-in-training Eugeo. You've broken a seal that I didn't. If that's the case, you should definitely be able to go where I couldn't... Trust in that sword and your friend."
She nodded and turned to face Kirito next.
"And you, Swordsman-in-training Kirito. About who you really are... even I couldn't understand in the end. However, something will definitely happen when you reach that tower. I'll be praying for light in your path from now on, from here. Always."
Her words became even more puzzling, but it seemed Kirito understood them. He nodded and covered up Dormitory Supervisor Azurika's hand, on his own left shoulder, and brought it to his chest.
"Thank you, sensei. I'll come and meet you again someday. We'll definitely have a chat then. About what you want to know, all of it."
Finishing what he had to say, he gently tapped the slender fingertip held between his two hands against his own mouth. Dormitory Supervisor Azurika blinked countless times in surprise and though it might have been a trick of the light, a little color seemed to have gone into her cheeks, before she gave a faint smile.
Kirito made a face like someone had pulled on his hair yet again in that instant, but the dormitory supervisor didn't seem to have noticed that. She slowly withdrew her right hand from Kirito's and took her hand off Eugeo's shoulder—
"Well then, let's go. Your escort is here."

The academy grounds usually filled with students bustling from classroom to classroom had turned quiet, without any sign of people around.
In exchange, Eugeo found something unexpected in the plaza before the large practice arena and widely opened his just-recovered eyes.
A gigantic living being was given a dazzling sheen under the light from Solus pouring down from the sunny skies. The metal armor equipped on its chest and head, and naturally, the triangular scales adorning its entire body as well, all gave off a silver gleam. It was obvious even without looking at its folded wings which towered like a couple of spires and the long tail that drew an arc to know that it was a flying dragon. Ridden by the guardians of law and order, the integrity knights, it was the greatest and thus, the strongest sacred beast in the Human World.
It didn't look like the rider was around. Without a trace of hesitation at the flying dragon that looked down at the three from above, Dormitory Supervisor Azurika guided Eugeo and Kirito to the practice arena and stopped in her tracks there.
She looked at the two in turn, gave a light nod and silently shifted aside. Dormitory Supervisor Azurika left for the novice trainees' dormitory with her long boots ringing out, the both of them took a deep bow towards her back. Raising their heads only after the sound of the footsteps were gone, they glanced at the flying dragon to check it out and turned back towards the large door leading to the practice arena.
"......If a flying dragon's around... our escort's an integrity knight... I believe?"
There were slight tremors in Eugeo's murmurs, but his partner made a hmph through his nose as he usually would and nonchalantly reached his hand out towards the closed door.
"Won't know until we see it."
Pushing it open the moment he said that, he stepped in with large strides. Eugeo steeled himself and chased behind.
The insides were dim, perhaps due to the closed skylight. The wooden-boarded practice arena and the surrounding spectator stands were naturally enough, devoid of students and instructors.
A piece of art was drawn on the white wall far in front of them with the creation myth, «The Three Goddesses who drove away the God of Darkness, Vector», as its theme. And, right in the middle of the vast practice arena was a single silhouette looking in the opposite direction, at the wall—
Eugeo had once seen an integrity knight from the Church up close. Of course, that was when the young Alice had been taken away. The integrity knight who had called himself «Deusolbert Synthesis Seven» had an immense body with a height close to two mel. However, the one standing in Eugeo's vision now was far smaller than that knight. That height might even be a little shorter than Eugeo if only that was taken into consideration.
The blue mantle clasped onto those two shoulders was embroidered with the Axiom Church's crest, a composite between a cross and a circle. However, what caught the eye beyond anything else, was that which flowed straight down over the mantle, that long golden hair. It was of a color far more deep and pure than Raios', gleaming like molten gold even under the obscure lighting.
That figure made no movement, so Eugeo exchanged glances with Kirito and slowly begun to walk. Crossing straight, through the practice arena, they stopped around five mel from the small-framed person.
"...From the North Centoria Empire, Sword Mastery Academy, I am Elite Swordsman-in-training Eugeo."
When he managed to name himself without choking on his words, his partner continued without a moment's delay.
"Same here, I'm Kirito."
It was the type of scene where he would usually complain 'stop cutting corners and name yourself properly!' in his mind, but that thought didn't come to mind at all this time. It wasn't all due to his anxiety. As he looked at the blue mantle and golden hair fluttering in the gentle breeze blown in from the entrance, still open a mere few steps behind, a queer feeling begun to develop in his chest.
—Somewhere.
This blend, of blue and gold. It felt like, he had seen it, somewhere before...
The strangling distress turned into a shock that could practically stop his heart several seconds later.

"United Centoria City Region, integrity knight of the Axiom Church—I am Alice Synthesis Thirty."
The knight stated her name with her back still facing them. There was no mistaking that voice. It was a voice he had heard almost daily for close to ten years since he had gained awareness as a child.
And that name. The family name had an unfamiliar ring to it, but surely he heard her name right. «Alice».
It couldn't be a mere coincidence. Eugeo took one, two sluggish steps forward and whispered incoherently.
"...Alice...? It's you...? You're... Alice......?"
It seemed that Kirito quickly reached out with his hand from the left, but Eugeo slipped away from that and took another step closer. The golden hair and mantle were fluttering right before his own eyes, and a faint fragrance spread out. It was a gentle, nostalgic fragrance that brought to mind a flower garden that had received plentiful sunlight. A fragrance that always drifted about that blue apron dress his childhood friend wore.
"Alice...!"
Once more, and while calling out clearly this time, Eugeo tried to touch the integrity knight's right shoulder. After turning around, the knight would greet Eugeo with that impish, aloof and demure smile and—
That idea was crushed by a streaking flash of light.
The terrible impact assailed his right cheek and Eugeo was helplessly blown away, collapsing onto the practice arena's floorboards, back first.
"Eugeo!"
Kirito helped him up straight away, but even that didn't register in his consciousness as Eugeo opened his two eyes wide, dumbfounded.
Still facing them with her back even now, the knight had her right hand extended horizontally and now held a long sword before anyone had noticed. However, it wasn't a naked blade but was sheathed in a gilded scabbard. The knight had removed the scabbard from its sword belt and attacked Eugeo's cheek with its tip in that instant.
Lowering the sword in a smooth motion, the integrity knight spoke.
"...Speak and behave yourself with care. I have the authority to deprive the both of you of seventy percent of your Lives. The next time you try to touch me without my consent, that very hand will be sliced off."
Informing them so in that cool and clear like water thawed from ice, yet frigid and stern voice, the knight finally turned around.
"......Alice..."
Eugeo could not stop that name from escaping his mouth once again.
The integrity knight who carried that golden sword was once taken away from Rulid Village; Eugeo's childhood friend, Village Chief Gasupht's daughter and Selka's sister, Alice Schuberg—that grown-up figure couldn't be anyone but her.
Her outfit was obviously different from then. Her chest, shoulders and waist were covered in light armor with elegant engravings set in them, and her long skirt could even reach her feet. But there was no mistaking that face.
Glossy golden hair without creases. Pure white skin with a sense of innocence. And above all that, that indescribable deep blue within those two slightly upturned eyes, a color he had never seen on anyone except that girl, even after coming to central.
It was only the light that hovered in those eyes however, that differed from that of his memories. They had lost that radiance overflowing with curiosity she had when she still lived at Rulid Village, and Eugeo felt nothing but a bare cold gaze concentrated on him as he lay collapsed on the floor.
Those lips in the color of cherry blossoms moved and that lovely, yet cool-headed voice flowed out once again.
"Huh... I had planned to take off thirty percent of your Life, but it was only reduced by half of that. If you averted that with merely the judgement from your body, that would be proof of your appointment as an elite swordsman-in-training... or perhaps of one who had committed a heinous crime like murder, I suppose."
The way she spoke made it clear that she had read through Eugeo's «window» without even touching his hands, but he couldn't even think about its implications.
Eugeo didn't want to accept those words streaming into his ears by any means. There was no way that gentle Alice could say such things. No, before even considering that, Eugeo couldn't believe that Alice would show no reaction upon even seeing him, then inflict a merciless blow on his cheek and in the first place, stand before his very eyes as an integrity knight.


It was when he ignored the warning and tried to call out once more.
Kirito gave a short whisper near his ears.
"That knight's the «Alice» you were searching for, isn't she?"
His partner's voice was distinctively calm despite the circumstances and Eugeo managed to retrieve a mere bit of his composure. After forcing out a small nod, that whisper came again.
"...Obey her instructions for now. If we enter the Central Cathedral, even as criminals, we should be able to understand the situation a little more."
Enter—the Cathedral.
Eugeo finally noticed upon Kirito mentioning it. It was what he had wished for; although it wasn't by winning and proceeding through the Empire Swordsmanship Tournament and Four Empires Unity Tournament, then being appointed as an integrity knight, but instead by having committed a taboo, he still ended up closing in to his goal a year earlier than scheduled.
Entering the Central Cathedral and meeting with Alice. That was Eugeo's final goal.
The sequence was different and Eugeo didn't know the reason behind Alice acting like a different person as an integrity knight, but at the very least, he had achieved half of his objectives at the present moment. In that case, he should definitely find it if he entered the Cathedral. A way to return Alice to how she was.
Just as Eugeo managed to restore his composure, Knight Alice restored the sword in her right hand to the left of her waist as well. Her mantle fluttering, she started walking towards the large door.
"Stand, and follow me."
There was no option to go against her instructions any longer. Helped up by Kirito, Eugeo chased behind Alice in silence.
Upon exiting the practice arena, Alice headed straight towards the flying dragon on standby at the plaza and softly stroked its formidable muzzle with her right hand. Continuing on, she took out strange tools from the large cargo area created behind the saddle.
That, three thick leather belts joined together by iron chains—was a restraint device. It was exactly the same as the one that had bound the young Alice eight years ago.
Approaching with a restraint device in each of her two hands, Alice made Kirito and Eugeo stand up straight and informed them coldly. That voice was far quieter than Raios' shouts when he had tried to cut Eugeo, but it held a majestic effect as though it was a delegate for the voice of God.
"Elite Swordsman-in-training Eugeo. Elite Swordsman-in-training Kirito. The both of you will be arrested, taken into custody, brought to trial, then executed at a later date."
The restraint devices were coiled around the frozen bodies of the two by Alice's hands. Both their arms, chest and waist were tightly bound by the leather belts, completely losing their ability to move all at once.
Grabbing the chains extending from the pair's backs and returning to the side of the flying dragon, Alice fixed them onto the clasps on the armor that covered the sacred beast's two sturdy legs, one at a time. Thus, Kirito was then attached to the dragon's right leg and the left for Eugeo.
Eight years ago, Integrity Knight Deusolbert had fastened the young Alice onto the dragon's leg in the same manner and flown away. However, even a flying dragon takes an entire day to get from Rulid to Central Centoria. How harsh and frightening that experience must have been for a child, merely eleven of age, was beyond imagination if she were suspended for that entire duration.
And that Alice had for some reason, had become an integrity knight and now tied Eugeo to the dragon as was done to her eight years ago. He couldn't help but recognize the lack of hesitation in her actions. The knight, Alice, before his eyes was Alice Schuberg, while a different person at that same time. Some great power had changed the girl.
As Kirito had said, they might find out that secret if they were to go to the Central Cathedral. However—the question was whether Alice would return to how she was before.
No, before thinking about that. What if the same thing happened to himself? What if he forgets everything and becomes a different self? The time he lived at Rulid, the long journey to the central... and even the events at this Sword Mastery Academy; what if he forgets all of it......?
It happened then, when Eugeo was assailed by fear and uneasiness.
Two sets of soft footsteps came from behind and Eugeo turned to Kirito as the latter did the same.
The ones approaching with staggering but earnest steps were novice trainees wearing grey uniforms. The one with long red hair, Tiezé Shtolienen. The one with short dark brown hair was Ronye Arabel.
The reason for their faltering gait was due to the burdens the two of them carried with both hands. Tiezé's was a long sword kept in a scabbard of white leather. Ronye's was a long sword in a scabbard of black leather. There was no room for mistake. It was what they had left behind in Raios' room last night, Eugeo's Blue Rose Sword and Kirito's black sword.
Tiezé's and Ronye's palms were worn out and bloody as they reverently held the scabbards. Naturally. Those two swords were heavy to the point that even their owners, Eugeo and Kirito, could not wield them without giving it their all.
"Tiezé..."
"Ronye!"
Eugeo and Kirito called out their names simultaneously and the girls showed a small smile while enduring the pain. But then, Integrity Knight Alice left the flying dragon and looked at Tiezé and Ronye. Recalling the severe blow that numbed his right cheek even now, Eugeo instantly shouted.
"No, Tiezé, don't come!"
However, the two novice trainees did not cease their steps. As drops of blood trickled onto the stone paved plaza, they walked through the final ten mel and slumped onto their knees before Alice.
They let out rough breaths for a while, but Tiezé was the first to firmly raise her head and speak.
"Kn-Knight-sama... please!"
Next, Ronye continued in a trembling voice.
"Grant us the permission to return our seniors their swords, please...!"
Alice looked down at the girls in silence, but gave a small nod before long.
"Fine. However, I can't have criminals wearing swords. I will hold onto these. If you wish to speak to them, I'll permit you to do so for one minute."
First grasping the Blue Rose Sword with her right hand and the black sword with her left next, she effortlessly lifted them from Ronye's and Tiezé's hands. Returning to the flying dragon's side with movements like she felt no weight at all, she stored the two swords in the cargo area the restraint devices were in.
Tiezé and Ronye held their hurt, scraped hands together at their chests and showed relieved smiles as though they didn't feel the pain at all. Wavering as they stood up, Tiezé and Ronye approached Eugeo and Kirito respectively.
"......Eugeo-senpai..."
Tiezé who stood still before Eugeo's eyes widely opened her own, evidence of having wept still within them, and looked at him.
After nearly averting his eyes by instinct, Eugeo tried his all and received Tiezé's gaze.
Eugeo had sliced away Humbert's arm before the eyes of Tiezé and Ronye last night. With his arms cut off as well, bizarre screams had escaped from Raios as he passed away. There was no mistake that tragedy was a huge blow to Tiezé and Ronye, despite them not getting any actual injures.
Eugeo shouldn't be a reliable mentor to Tiezé now, but a miscreant who broke the Taboo Index. A heinous villain with his freedom stolen by unsparing restraint devices, tied up by chains.
Then.
Large drops of tears welled out from Tiezé's autumn-colored pupils and flowed down her cheeks.
"Eugeo-senpai... I'm sorry... it's... it's my fault that..."
Holding her hands tightly together, she continued as though she was squeezing her frail voice out.
"...I'm sorry... because... of that foolish thing... I did..."
"No... that's not it."
Caught off guard, Eugeo shook his head endlessly.
"You didn't do anything wrong, Tiezé... you did the right thing for your friend. ...It's entirely my fault that things ended up like this. There's nothing you have to apologize for, Tiezé."
Upon hearing that, Tiezé looked straight into Eugeo's eyes as though she could see through the depths of his soul and forced a smile onto her lips with all her might.
"This time..."
The young valet trainee spoke in a quavering but decisive tone.
"This time, it will be my turn to save Eugeo-senpai. I... I'll do my best and definitely become an integrity knight, and go save senpai... so please wait for me. I'll definitely... definitely..."
Sobs swallowed the rest of her words. Eugeo could do naught but nod over and over again.
Having finished her short conversation on the other side of the flying dragon as well, Ronye put the bundle in her hand into Kirito's bound hands and spoke in a voice mixed with tears.
"Erm... this is a bento. Please eat it if you get hungry..."
The words from Kirito in return were drowned by the sound of the flapping wings of the flying dragon, reverberating far.
"It's time. Get away."
Knight Alice had mounted the flying dragon's saddle without anyone noticing. A snap sounded out from the bridle and the dragon roused its gigantic frame. Eugeo's body hovered slightly in the air, pulled by the chains.
With their unceasing tears flowing out, Tiezé and Ronye backed off several steps. The silver wings beat out with strength and the wind they created ruffled the girls' hair.
Even as the flying dragon started its approach run and made the earth tremor, those two chased behind as fast as they could, but their feet soon tangled and their hands fell onto the stone paving. Right after that, it used noticeably more intensity to kick off the ground with its sturdy legs, and its huge body gently floated into the air.
As the flying dragon whirled up, drawing spirals in the skies, Tiezé and Ronye below became ever smaller. Their figures soon vanished into the grey of the stone paving, and the entire view of the North Centoria Empire Sword Mastery Academy appeared far off in the distance in an instant—
The flying dragon, with an integrity knight on its back and criminals hanging off its two legs, aligned itself towards the enormous tower that rose from the exact middle of central, the Axiom Church's Central Cathedral, and soared off in a straight line.

Interlude III[edit]
In the middle of the huge oceanic research mothership, «Ocean Turtle», pierced a hollow pillar with a diameter of twenty meters and a height of a hundred.
That round titanium alloy pillar, termed the main shaft, was supporting every floor of the ship, while also serving its duty of protecting the heart of the ship via encasement as a pressure bulkhead. Aside from the ship's control and power systems, machinery developed by the mysterious research organization, «Rath», was stored within it as well.
To be specific, there were four sinister fulldive machines that could read and write a person's soul, the «Soul TransLators (STL)». Also, there was the single central arithmetic unit that they were connected to, the «Light Cube Cluster».
The enormous cluster was installed near the center of the shaft, and below it were STL numbers 2 and 3 which were located at the «lower shaft». Number 4 and number 5 were placed on the «upper shaft» on the top side. Whereas STL prototype number 1 was not on this ship, but at a research branch of Rath at Roppongi, Minato-ku, quite a distance from here.
The one that Kirito—Kirigaya Kazuto; stuck in his sustained coma, was connected to for the treatment on his damaged neural network was STL number 4 on the top side of the shaft. Hence, getting all the way there would require one to enter the shaft from below and move upwards via the stairs or elevator.
6th July 2026, Monday, 7:30 AM.
Asuna—Yuuki Asuna adjusted the collar of the summer knit she wore over her t-shirt as she ascended the gloomy spiral staircase.
The clanging echoes of her hard footsteps upon the anti-rust coated metal steps under the orange emergency LED lights brought forth memories. Asuna did not know exactly how many times she had gone up stairs resembling these in a steel castle floating in the infinite skies, far, far away from this place. Those spiral staircases that connected the rooms of boss monsters that protected each floor with the next in the Floating Castle Aincrad—
The leader of the «Knights of the Blood», Heathcliff, would walk before her most of the time with the guild members excited over the boss fight's victory following behind, but there were exceptions. That black-clad solo player had always walked at her side before she joined the KoB, in the initial phase of clearing the death game.
Making Asuna mad with those bad jokes he told in that indifferent attitude that eliminated fatigue from the fierce battles, teaching her information about the next floor... and the countless times he had pulled Asuna's hand when she was exhausted from the endless fights too.
"......Kirito-kun."
As the clanging footsteps rang out from the steel steps, Yuuki Asuna softly called out the name of the one she loved.
Of course, there was no reply.
She forced the despair and loneliness that threatened to overflow back down the depths of her chest. Unlike the day before yesterday, Kazuto was no longer missing. He was awaiting Asuna in that small room at the top of the stairs. Even without exchanging words—even without holding each other's hands, the time for him to wake was approaching little by little. The nurse, Aki Natsuki, did say that at the current rate, the treatment through the STL would regenerate his cranial nerve network within a day or two, likely approaching a stage where he would regain his consciousness.
Asuna was visiting the Ocean Turtle, floating in the seas near Izushichi Island, without clarifying the entire issue in detail with her parents. Still, she had managed to secure the cooperation of Professor Koujirou Rinko and had thought up an explanation that «couldn't be said to be a complete lie»: "I'll be accompanying the professor and observing the research facility of a certain cutting-edge corporation for a few days".
She herself thought it would be difficult indeed, but her mother, Yuuki Kyouko, stared at Asuna for a short while, then said nothing more than a "Take care of yourself and go". Perhaps, she had already seen through everything, though.
One way or another, the time granted to Asuna was a mere three days from the 5th to the 7th of July. In short, she would have to ride on the helicopter, that regularly ran between Shin-Kiba and the Ocean Turtle, tomorrow evening. It was unconfirmed whether she would return to Tokyo with Kazuto, but if Nurse Aki's words proved correct, she should be able to have a conversation with him conscious.
And at that time, she would get angry a whole lot, cry a whole lot and laugh a whole lot.
Stopping on the steps of the spiral staircase, Asuna took a deep breath before returning to her pace.
The end of the current staircase above was in another twenty steps or so. It wasn't a dead end; she was to go through a round hatch that opened through the massive metal ceiling, but that was the only place where she had to climb, with its short vertical ladder.
This metal floor that was over twenty centimeters thick was the pressure bulkhead made from composite titanium that divided the top and bottom of the Ocean Turtle's main shaft. Lieutenant Nakanishi said it could easily withstand gunfire from an automatic rifle at point-blank range, but that sort of situation obviously shouldn't be happening at all on this megafloat that wasn't even a battleship.
—Kikuoka-san alone was enough for making up exaggerations, but all of those people were much the same.
Muttering so in her heart, she climbed the aluminium alloy ladder and passed through the hatch. The gloomy spiral staircase still continued on ahead, but the tint of the illumination was turning greenish. Much like how the «floor» changed; she held onto such thoughts as she ascended the staircase once more.
The lower part of the upper shaft that she was now in was where the gigantic equipment that served as the physical backbone for «Project Alicization»; the «Light Cube Cluster», was stationed. That was likely right beside this narrow stair hall.
Matters relating to the Light Cube Cluster were treated with the utmost secrecy, so she wasn't informed on the details of its construction, but she had heard that it was a cluster of countless light cubes, as its name suggested.
The media that stored the artificial fluct lights—or in other words, the souls of the Underworld's residents; those bottom-up AIs, were the light cubes, and in the exact center, amongst over hundreds of thousands of them ordered systematically, was a single massive cube. A soul didn't exist within that, but the extensive «mnemonic visual data» for those in the Underworld was saved within it instead. That truly was the core of the STL technology, the «Main Visualizer»...
That was how the researcher in charge of Rath, Higa Takeru, had lectured to her about the structure of the Underworld while more or less breaking the duty of confidentiality, but speaking honestly, there was no guile behind Asuna's reaction of "Just what is that supposed to be?"
If you're going to tell me so much about it, it should be fine letting me see the Light Cube Cluster in person once at least; when Asuna said that, Higa replied with a wry smile. The entire Cluster's covered by a metal shell, so it's not like you would see anything except a rectangular box, ya know, he said. That shell could be opened by neither Higa nor the rest of the staff, not even the plan's supervisor, a member of the Japan Self-Defense Forces, Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka Seijirou.
As such, all Asuna could do was to faintly imagine what the Cluster looked like.
A countless number of small crystals suspended orderly in darkness. All made in the shape of perfect squares, and the nucleus dedicated to a single larger crystal, with narrow lines of light passing between them without pause. That was just like the heart of a galaxy, densely packed with stars......
Perhaps it was due to her absentmindedly contemplating those thoughts.
Asuna was a little slow noticing someone descending the spiral staircase.
"Ah, excuse me."
Instinctively lowering her head, she shifted to the left while apologizing in a small voice. That someone slowly started to go past her without even returning the greeting. Each footstep down the steps going clink and whirr.
"......?"
What's with those sounds; Asuna questioningly thought in her heart and finally raised her face, before she stared at the figure just about to pass by her side.
"......!!?"
And then, she audibly leapt back, with her back pressed against the wall.
After all, what came down the staircase was not «someone», but «something». In other words, no matter how you looked at it, this wasn't a human.
Its entire silhouette was that of a human, but its skeleton structure was a plain metal frame and countless plastic cylinders were mounted on its limbs and waist. Its joints were complex formations of exposed gears and multicolored signal cables crept around it like blood vessels.
It carried a largish box on its back, with a face composed of three lenses of large, medium and small sizes. They should've placed two of those medium-sized lenses; after thinking up such things, Asuna finally came to her senses. Letting out the breath she choked on, she murmured in a hoarse voice.
"Ro... robot......?"
In that instant, the mysterious humanoid walking machine suddenly stopped its motion.
Stopping its foot in mid-step, the gears spun and drew back with a whirl. Standing upright on the same step as Asuna, it slowly turned its body towards its left this time... in other words, towards Asuna. The big and medium lenses were pitch-black, but a red light source was within the small lens and as though it was looking at Asuna, it blinked with the light flickering intermittently—
"-h......"
A thin voice escaped from deep in her throat and Asuna tried to retreat backwards. But her back bumped against the stair hall's wall, so she could fall back no further. Whether Asuna shifted to the right or the left, the lens with its red light would follow her face without fail.
Monsters shouldn't spawn on the staircase leading between floors; there shouldn't be any machine-type mobs in the first place; no, wait, this should be the real world; such confusing thoughts flooded her mind as Asuna got ready to flee back to where she came from when it happened—
"C'mon, stop that already, Ichiemom!"
That voice descended from above. Upon taking the time to look, a man was running down the stairs with a flustered expression. With shorts and a printed t-shirt on, his short hair bristled up like a mountain of needles, and wearing a pair of boorish metal-framed glasses, this man was the main researcher in charge of Project Alicization, Higa Takeru. His right hand was holding onto a well-worn mobile PC.
As though it understood the "C'mon" from Higa, the humanoid machine broke its focus from Asuna and spun its body ninety degrees once more.
Asuna finally released the strain on her shoulders and upon looking up at Higa who came to a stop on the step directly above her, she asked in a relatively wooden voice.
"...Higa-san. What exactly is this?"
"Eh, well... this here's «Ichiemon». Its real name is «Electroactive Muscled Operative Machine»... in short, EMOM, and then adding on the one since it's the first in the series, you get Ichiemom[3]."
Higa's expression gradually changed from an apologetic one to a boasting one as he answered, so Asuna gave another glare as she asked again.
"...And, what's that Ichiemom doing here?"
Higa was not the one who answered that question.
"Higa-kun's assisting me with the tuning for my program. Even if we aren't senior and junior at that seminar any longer."
Those words mingled with a strained laughter belonged to the woman who came down the stairs after Higa. Wearing a white robe above a dungaree work shirt and jeans, her hair was neatly parted to the side. This woman, whose appearance brought forth the thought that there couldn't be many whom the term 'intellectual' suited so well, was Professor Koujirou Rinko who had played a big part in Asuna's infiltration of the Ocean Turtle.
"Morning, Asuna-san."
"Good morning."
After exchanging greetings with Rinko who came to a stop beside Higa, Asuna examined the robot, or to be accurate, Ichiemom, from top to bottom once more and asked the two researchers.
"......Don't tell me this is a part of Project Alicization as well?"

With Ichiemom leading the ascent up the spiral staircase, upon reaching her destination, the sub control room, Asuna shelved her misgivings about various matters and first hurried towards the passage leading to the STL storage room.
Although the door at the end of the narrow passage couldn't be entered, the wall on the left was made from reinforced glass. Pressing her two hands and even sticking her forehead against the glass, she peeked into the storage room almost utterly absent of any illumination.
The two gigantic rectangular cuboids, taking up much space side by side, were the Soul TransLator number 4 and number 5. Number 5 was switched off, but many indicators gave off a gentle glow or flickered on number 4. Upon staring at it, a slender silhouette could be seen lying on the gel bed linked to the main unit.
He was Kirito—Kirigaya Kazuto. The person who, in various ways, was Asuna's «partner».
Kazuto was assaulted by a fugitive from the Death Gun Incident on the roads of Setagaya-ku a week ago. A large quantity of the drug succinylcholine was injected into him and he even went into cardiac arrest for a while.
While he managed to keep his life somehow, thanks to the speedy lifesaving measures taken, the damage to his brain remained due to the cessation of blood circulation. The one who took Kazuto, who could have gone into a vegetative state in the worst case scenario according to a doctor's diagnosis, to the Ocean Turtle and even prepared a fake ambulance for that purpose was Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka Seijirou, the main lead of «Project Alicization».
That difficult choice was due to the belief that the STL could serve as treatment for Kazuto, or so the person himself had said.
One way or another, it seemed that Kazuto's consciousness was now existing in the virtual world, «Underworld», which was adapted into a VR space for treatment. And by revitalizing his consciousness, or in other words, his fluct light there, he should be able to stimulate his neural network. She couldn't quite comprehend even with that explanation, but at the very least she understood that Kazuto was not in a mere coma.
At the moment, Asuna was merely looking at Kazuto's body, with his mind absent in some faraway virtual world. Thinking about it, she was in the same position as Kazuto had been when he paid her visits almost every day when Asuna had once been forced to dive into the home of the fairies, Alfheim, by Sugou Nobuyuki.
—I wish I could dive into the Underworld to help Kirito-kun out too, just like he did for me back then...
While thinking of such things, her gaze continued fixedly on Kazuto for over a whole minute, after which Asuna finally parted from the glass. I'll come again at noon; she whispered in her heart, then she returned to the sub control room.
This place was rather cramped when compared to the main control room in the lower shaft. The control console was also the basic version, and even the desk and chairs organized there looked a little cheap.
Higa and Rinko did not sit on the chairs and instead remained standing as they peeked into the mobile PC on the desk. The unnerving figure of the aforementioned humanoid machine, «Ichiemom», was at their side.
While confirming the robot had entered standby mode, Asuna slowly approached the duo.
They had been senior and junior of the same university seminar when they were students—additionally, it appears Kayaba Akihiko and Sugou Nobuyuki were enrolled in there as well—and those two scientists were rapidly discussing one thing or another as though they had returned to that time.
"The bottleneck was the processing speed of the balancing system, as I thought. There's still room in the budget, isn't there? Couldn't you use a faster chip?"
"That's as far as my brain gets when I start thinking about the excess heat and battery consumption, ya know. There's no choice but to focus on tuning up the EAP actuators..."
"Those polymer muscles are outdated in the first place. Try using CNT; I believe it'll turn out easier if you do."
"I-If something like that's used, the budget's totally gonna... well, I might be able to get just one of them though..."
"Your frugality in the usage of machinery parts hasn't changed, has it."
Rinko who shook her head in exasperation then finally noticed Asuna and shrugged her shoulders awkwardly.
"Ah, I apologize for that, Asuna-san. For making all that noise."
"No, I believe Kirito-kun would be happy with it livelier around here too."
After replying so with a wry smile, she took another gander at the robot. It seemed the actuators for its entire body were artificial muscles made from organic material. Rath might be on the leading edge of research worldwide, but it did seem unrelated to its main goal of a highly adaptive AI.
Perhaps guessing at that doubt from Asuna, Higa grumbled with his back against the table.
"Building this thing here's a request from that old dude too."
"Eh... Kikuoka-san did? Why would he..."
"I have no idea how serious he was about it either, though..."
The one who gave the answer with a sigh was Rinko.
"A movable body would be needed to invite a fluct light that matured in the Underworld, don't you think? ...That's what he said."
"Eeh... then, this robot is for an AI to pilot?"
"That's what it seems like."
"Zat's how it is."
Both Rinko and Higa nodded at the same time, so Asuna gazed at Ichiemom's body from top to bottom once more. True, its entire form could be said to be a humanoid, but its frame was angular, its joints jutting out and above all that, the part where silicon or something else covered it made it look unlike a human, no matter how you looked at it.
"......It's not very nice towards Ichiemom, but wouldn't an AI get shocked too, when its body suddenly changes to this...?"
At the very least, Asuna and Kazuto's «daughter», the top-down-type AI, Yui, would definitely reject entering this. Asuna spoke as she thought so and Higa waved about his right hand in a fluster.
"No-no, you should know that nothing's gonna pilot this guy. Ichiemom's a prototype used for data collection, so its mind's on a conventional architecture too; that's why it became this crude. There's a number 2 used for trials for loading an AI on board aside from this guy, so that one's smarter."
"Number 2...... By the way, what is that child's name...?"
Upon Asuna timidly asking, Higa replied with an expression as though the answer was obvious.
"«Niemom», yep."
"Zat's so... no, I mean, is that so?"
She lightly shook her head, and then continued her question.
"Why would the type with an AI on board be smarter?"
"Well, that would be because the sensors and balancing system would experience a rapid rise in their performance... or we would expect that they would do so."
Tagging Higa out to answer once again, Rinko took one step sideways and stood on the tiptoes of both her feet for some reason. Spreading her hands out a little, she maintained her posture while her body swayed back and forth.


"We humans are always regulating our entire body balance ever so slightly, even while we're standing still as we usually do, without any purpose. And not to mention that's mostly done unconsciously, you see. We can keep our balance without falling over, but still, it's not like our minds are thinking, 'I'll lean over to the right this much, then stretch out my right foot and pull back my left leg.' or anything of that sort. It's all in our minds... in other words, our fluct lights, that the so-called auto-balancing system would control our muscles and skeleton."
The heel of her sneakers thumped onto the ground and she smiled.
"Ichiemom is equipped with servomechanisms that replicate that auto-balancing system mechanically and electronically. However, merely going up and down the stairs slowly like earlier requires a large quantity of sensing and balancing equipment, in conjunction with a high-performance CPU, a battery to run all that and a cooling system for the excess heat, plus a solid frame to support the weight of all of that. This is why Ichiemom couldn't get any smarter."
"But still, this is way closer to a human than when you take a look at those around ten years ago."
Turning to Higa who cut into the conversation with a bitter smile, Asuna gave a slow nod.
"In other words... if its mind wasn't a conventional CPU, but an artificial fluct light, the auto-balancer would have the same performance as a human's, so..."
"Yes, that's totally it. With zat, we could reduce the number of servomechanisms, even if just by one, which should make the frame lighter and reduce the number of actuators as well, creating a near-perfect human-shaped body... well, it will be nice if it really does end up that way, but those are just my wild observations. I said this earlier, but Niemom at the development department looks pretty human if you look at its silhouette alone."
"If you plan to boast about it that much, I would rather you hurry up and show it to..."
Rinko suddenly went silent after she began speaking. Then after thinking deeply with a frown, she continued with her tone lowered by a notch.
"...Higa-kun. That Niemom is still not capable of autonomous walking, is it?"
"Heh? Yea, well, of course. There is a CPU on board, but the vital control program's empty and all. Besides, even if the same program as Ichiemom's was loaded, Niemom's gonna fall over on the third step with that sensor system, probably."
"......I see..."
Rinko gently nodded and took a deep breath, perhaps for a change of mood, then looked at Asuna.
"Asuna-san, will you be having breakfast now?"
"Ah, yes."
"Then let us go to the dining hall together. It does seem Higa-kun will be eating here with Ichiemom."
She thought it was definitely a joke, but Higa pulled out an energy bar from the pocket of his shorts and waved it side-to-side with a "Go ahead". Lightly bowing her head half with amazement, half with gratitude, Asuna started to walk behind Rinko.
Looking towards the STL storage room one last time, her lips merely moved: "See you".
Exiting the passage from the sub control room, human figures were approaching from the direction of the elevator. Two males; both wearing a white robe atop their t-shirts. They were likely from the Rath staff that numbered over ten, but she still didn't know all of their names. They should recognize Asuna as Rinko's assistant, whom she had disguised herself as at the start.
Following Rinko, Asuna exchanged a quick bow as well and they went past the two members of staff, before she felt something and shifted her vision to the side. With their long hair bundled behind and unshaven faces, she couldn't recall seeing those men's profiles before. However—something stuck out deep in her mind. If this was Aincrad, although she wouldn't go so far as to draw her rapier, this sensation would make her touch its grip with her fingertips...
"What's the matter, Asuna-san?"
Rinko called out in a small voice and Asuna finally noticed she was standing still. The male staff were going further away towards the sub control room with the pitter-patter of their resin sandals.
"...No, it's nothing."
Even after she replied and started walking again, Asuna tried to search for the source of the queer sensation for a while. But as her mind drifted from one thing to another, that feeling faded away and vanished.

Chapter 6 - The Prisoners and the Knight (5th Month of Human World Calendar 380)[edit]
Part 1[edit]
There are still times when the memories of the days that I was imprisoned within the Floating Castle Aincrad come to me even now.
In those times... each day truly felt long, especially during the first year of that death game. That was as I always had to put up my guard against assaults from monsters (and at times, players) whenever I was out of town and packed my schedule close to its brim to ensure that my actions maintained my rate of leveling up at its maximum potential.
I shaved away my sleeping hours to the barest minimum necessary to keep my concentration and even as I ate my meals, I devoted myself to storing all kinds of data from the information brokers. I was certainly named a delinquent by the clearing group in the late-game period and even used up an entire day napping, but I have no recollection of wasting time on doing nothing. Such that my senses told me that the fourteen years before SAO and the two years spent in that floating castle held an equal level of significance.
In comparison—
The days had passed by so quickly since I was thrown into this strange world, «Underworld».
It definitely wasn't as if I had spent the time loafing around. The days over these two years that included leaving on a journey from Rulid Village, entering the guard corps at Zakkaria City and learning at the Sword Mastery Academy in Central Centoria were bustling, rather; perhaps more so than my time in SAO, if you looked at merely how hectic it was. But still, looking back on it now, the only emotion that welled up from me was the strong notion that it had passed by in the blink of an eye.
The reason was—the lack of peril to my HP, known as Life, dropping to zero in this world, perhaps.
Or perhaps, it was due to the heightened acceleration of time flowing in this world in comparison to the real world.
When I took up a part-time job at the venture company with many mysteries surrounding it, «Rath», the Fluctlight Acceleration of the STL was explained as a maximum of three times of the usual pace to me. But that was likely, no, unmistakably a lie. Judging from various data, I have currently estimated the degree of my current FLA to have reached at least a thousand times. If that number was accurate, then the approximately two years I have spent in this world would end up as a mere eighteen hours in the real world. That ridiculous amplification must have made me feel the days here to be short, as well as coupled with the lack of danger to my life.
...No.
There might also be one other reason, possibly.
That would be how I felt my life here... especially the days I had spent in the Sword Mastery Academy with Eugeo, Sortiliena-senpai, Ronye and Tiezé, to be enjoyable. Despite how entering the academy and polishing my swordsmanship should have been for the sake of escaping this world even a single day earlier. The wish to continue these enjoyable days from the depths of my heart was truly what made the time stream by so quickly.
In that case, that would be a betrayal. Of those who should be anxious over my body in the real world, Asuna, Sugu, Sinon, and the rest.
I wondered if this was retribution for that betrayal. To meet a bloodstained end in my Sword Mastery Academy life, and to be bound to the ground in a place without the slightest hint of sunlight—

Ceasing my thoughts and rousing my upper body, the steel chain firmly binding my right wrist jangled with a dull noise.
Shortly after, I heard a low murmur from the darkness nearby.
"...So you're up, Kirito."
"Aah... I've been up for a while. Sorry, did I wake you?"
After whispering my question in the same manner to not alert the jailer, it was a small bitter laugh that reached me this time.
"How could I sleep. ...You're the odd one, Kirito, being able to sleep and snore away from the night we got thrown in jail."
"It's the second among the essential points of the Aincrad-style. Sleep when you can."
While expressing whatever came to mind, I looked around once again.
That said, the surroundings were wrapped in a murky darkness, with the meager light that escaped from the jailer's guardroom at the end of the passage beyond the prison bars being the only source of illumination. It was at a level where I could somehow make out Eugeo's outlines on the adjacent bed when I concentrated my eyes there.
Of course, I had mastered elementary sacred arts that would work like illuminating a stick a long while ago, but it seems all kinds of ceremonies were cancelled in this jail as a precaution.
I couldn't get a proper look at Eugeo's countenance, but I faced roughly where his visage was and asked after a slight hesitation.
"How's it going... calmed down a little?"
It ought to be around 3 AM right now, going by my body clock. We were thrown into this underground jail yesterday afternoon, so that meant the highest estimate for the time that had crawled by, from that incident the previous evening, was around thirty-five hours. Eugeo must have received a severe, indescribable shock, going against the Taboo Index by slicing Humbert Zizek with the Blue Rose Sword and witnessing Raios Antinous having his mind broken and immediately dying after that.
A short silence descended before a voice replied, weaker than before.
"Somehow... it's all like a dream... Drawing my sword on Humbert... and then, Raios just went......"
"...Don't brood over it too much. Think only about the things yet to come for the time being."
I managed to tell those words to Eugeo, who was sunk in silence. I really wanted to pat his back at least, but the chain obstructed me from reaching the next bed. I focused my eyes upon the outlines of my dear friend; even though it was frail, and a "Got it, don't worry about me." came back, and I took a soft breath.
The one who severed Raios Antinous's two wrists was not Eugeo, but me. It shouldn't have been a fatal wound if it had received immediate treatment, but his thoughts had probably descended into a state similar to an infinite loop as a result of processing the priorities between «his own Life» and the «Taboo Index», thus making his fluctlight break down.
Of course, I am conscious of the fact that it ended with a life stolen from the Underworld population. However, I had killed goblins in the cave north of Rulid to help Apprentice Sister Selka two years ago; I had killed two beasts, no, two people among their ranks. Both Raios and those goblins were fellow artificial fluctlights, so if I were to be tormented by the crime and be unable to recover from it, it would be a dishonor in a sense, to that goblin leader who was much stronger than Raios.
However—it still didn't explain things.
I surmised that the objective of the company that operates the Underworld, Rath, and consequently, Kikuoka Seijrou, was the creation of a perfect artificial intelligence.
The artificial fluctlights living in this world already possessed a level of emotional awareness and thought processes equivalent to people in the real world. If their one and only flaw was their «absolute blind obedience to the law», that would mean Eugeo, who had drawn his Blue Rose Sword and cut Humbert to help Tiezé and Ronye, had now overcome that barrier. To put it another way, a breakthrough was finally achieved and he should be progressing towards a true artificial intelligence now.
Despite that, even after thirty-five hours had passed internally since then, the world still showed no signs of stopping. Either the acceleration rate was too high and the staff at Rath had yet to detect the situation, or a major incident beyond my imagination had happened...
"The things... yet to come, huh."
Eugeo suddenly muttered that from the bed adjacent, so I put my doubts aside and shifted my vision back from the ceiling where it had gone without me noticing. The silhouette I had gotten used to seeing within the darkness gave a nod and continued speaking.
"It's like you said, Kirito. If we don't escape from this jail and confirm what happened to Alice somehow..."
I scrutinized the significance within my dear friend's earlier words while being relieved that he was somehow recovering from the shock. Eugeo said 'escape from this jail' without any hesitation. In other words, Alice was now more important to him, when compared to this jail which could be said to be a symbol of the Axiom Church's authority—that is to say, a place where one without god's pardon should remain. Eugeo's mental make-up had certainly undergone a major transformation after the experiences from the day before yesterday.
But this was no time to delve in depth. It wouldn't be strange for the department in charge of the trial or the executioners to come and drag us out anytime after sunrise. As Eugeo said, we should only be thinking about other things after we escape this place.
"Aah. ...There should definitely be a way out of here."
—If this was an «imprisonment event» in a RPG, at least.
Appending some pointless words to it within my mind, I tried touching the chain that bound me once again. The ring placed around my right wrist was welded to the despairingly tough steel, cold to the touch, that had its other end connected to a ring embedded in the wall. I had already affirmed that nothing could be done about the handcuffs, the ring on the wall or the chain itself, by merely pulling on them.
The previous morning, Eugeo and I had crossed the walls of the Axiom Church Central Cathedral at last, our final objective ever since we had left on our journey from the northern edge. Our entire bodies were rigidly bound and suspended from a flying dragon's feet, though.
Without any time to appreciate the gigantic white tower rising through the clouds, we were conducted down an endless spiral staircase leading underground on the opposite site of the tower, and then handed over to a terrifying jailer when we finally reached the underground jail.
The integrity knight who called herself Alice Synthesis Thirty then left without even a parting glance upon accomplishing her role, and the giant jailer who wore a metal mask resembling a kettle moved sluggishly... but attached Eugeo and I to the chains in this jail with sure motions.
We had only had one meal since then, of rock-hard, dry bread and a leather sac filled with lukewarm water flung through the bars that evening. In comparison, the treatment and such received by the orange players imprisoned within the jails of the Black Iron Castle in Aincrad could be said to be equal to that of a suite room in some high-class hotel.
The attempts to cut the chain, including methods such as pulling, biting, and using sacred arts, all ended in failure yesterday. A chain like these would be sliced apart in a single stroke if we had either Eugeo's Blue Rose Sword or my black one; even though Ronye and Tiezé had gone through great pains to carry them along, wounding their hands, the two swords went with Alice to some unknown location. The bento brought by Ronye avoided seizure, but it had already disappeared into our stomachs long ago.
In other words, although I did say 'there should be a way to get out of here', we were presently in a state unbearably close to being completely and utterly cornered.
"...I wonder if Alice... was bound here eight years ago too..."
As he sat on the bed, a sheer old rag set upon an iron frame, Eugeo spoke, feebly.
"Well... who knows?"
It wasn't a proper answer, but there was no other. If Eugeo's childhood friend and Selka's elder sister, Alice Schuberg, had received the same treatment as us, that would mean she was taken away by that iron-masked jailer and chained in this jail at the mere age of eleven, all by herself. She certainly must have felt a dreadful amount of terror.
Soon after, that girl would have been stationed in a stand during a trial, and handed down some sort of sentence—then after that...?
"Hey, Eugeo. I'm just confirming again here, but... that integrity knight named Alice Synthesis Thirty was definitely that Alice you're looking for, yes?"
I asked hesitatingly and several seconds later, the voice that flowed felt as though it was holding back some sort of grief.
"That voice... that golden hair and those deep blue eyes. There's no way I could forget those; that's Alice. It's just... the air around her was practically like that of someone else..."
"Well, she did beat up her childhood friend without any mercy, after all. In other words... her memories and thoughts are being controlled through some kind of means, perhaps that's how it is..."
"But there weren't any sacred arts like that in the textbooks, you know?"
"Some great minister in the church could manipulate even Life, right? It wouldn't be strange if the same could be done with memories."
That's right—the machine I was using to dive into the Underworld, the «Soul TransLator», was certainly capable of that. If it was capable of memory manipulation on the brain of a living being, a deeper level of manipulation should be possible and easier on artificial fluctlights probably stored on some kind of media. I continued with that in mind.
"But... if that knight really was Alice, just what was «that»? The one from two years ago, in the northern cave at Rulid..."
"Aah... you did say that, didn't you. That you heard a voice like Alice's when you tried to treat my wound with Selka..."
I hadn't told Eugeo in detail, but I had to borrow power from Selka and share my own Life directly to help him after he had suffered a severe injury in the fight with the goblins. It was a rather dangerous act and my Life fell at a rate beyond my expectations, and when I then resigned myself to not lasting any further—I heard it.
'Kirito, Eugeo... I'll wait, no matter how long... I'll always be waiting for the both of you at the top of the Central Cathedral...'
A mysterious, warm light which had healed Eugeo's and my Lives had filled me as that voice spoke. So that wasn't a mere befuddlement in my memories. We were definitely helped out by Alice, taken away to the Axiom Church long, long ago, through some unknown power.
After we judged it so, Eugeo and I aimed for the Central Cathedral and had come all the way to central, putting our faith in that voice.
However, the «Alice» that appeared before us, unforeseen, named herself not as the daughter of Rulid Village's chief, Alice Schuberg, but as Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty. The demeanor that she kept to the very end, considering us criminals who deserved to be judged, gave absolutely no impression of her being Eugeo's childhood friend.
She was another person who simply had a face and name that resembled her, or possibly she was the true Alice with her memories controlled. To confirm that, we would probably have no choice but to escape the jail somehow and personally head up towards the peak of the Central Cathedral—a place where we could learn everything about the Axiom Church.
That was ultimately our intention, but it didn't seem like we would be able to make even a minor scratch on the chains or bars.
"Aah, how annoying... I would tie God up right here if I could, and get the truth out, not missing a single detail!"
I spat that out in a small voice with Kikuoka Seijirou's spectacled face feigning ignorance showing up in my head, before Eugeo replied in a whisper mingled with bitter laughter.
"Hey, hey, slandering Stacia-sama in the church isn't a good idea, no matter how you think about it. You might even incur divine punishment."
Apparently, it doesn't seem like he had lost his religious faith or anything even if his priorities concerning the Taboo Index had changed. —Although I had that in mind, I ended up carelessly adding another flippant line.
"Well, if she's going to, couldn't she inflict divine punishment onto this chain too?"
I said, and it suddenly came to me; I changed my tone and continued.
"Wait. Speaking of Stacia-sama, do «windows» not appear here either?"
"Now that you mention it, we haven't tried. Go for it."
"Aah."
After taking a peek at the state of the jailer's guardroom, left of the passage beyond the bars, I stretched out both the index and middle fingers on my right hand. Upon performing the gesture to call out the Stacia Window that my arm had completely gotten used to, I lightly tapped on the chain gripped in my left hand.
After an instant, the familiar pale-purple window floated out. I doubted the situation would change for the better even if I confirmed the chain's properties, but nevertheless, being able to gather information was delightful.
"Oh, it came out."
I grinned at Eugeo before looking into the window. The data shown was a stark three lines, its unique object ID, the durability that I was sick of below it, 【23500/23500】, and a string of characters, 【Class 38 Object】.
Class 38; the figure was a priority far higher than a great number of renowned swords, but it was not a match for the 45 of the sacred instrument, the Blue Rose Sword, or the 46 of the black sword fashioned from a branch of the «Divine Giant Cedar», the Gigas Cedar, over the course of a year. In other words, it really would be possible to cut this chain apart if we had either of those swords, but there was no point in saying that now.
Having copied me by making the window for his own chain show, Eugeo whispered in an expected dismal voice.
"Wah, so that's why it wouldn't even budge no matter how much we pulled. Without at least a weapon or tool of Class 38 as well, cutting these chains would be..."
"That's how it is."
I took yet another look around the dim and narrow jail, but only the crude iron beds and empty water sacs were around. I figured the bed leg could serve as a replacement for a crowbar and brought out its window with a sliver of hope, but it was a worthless Class 3 item, as it appeared to be. The bars looked far sturdier, but my hand couldn't reach far enough due to the chain's length.
When I spun my neck restlessly looking around, still unwilling to give up, Eugeo spoke limply.
"No matter how hard you search, some renowned sword won't just conveniently drop into a jail like this. In the first place, there aren't enough things around to even call it a search. There are only the beds, water sacs and this chain here."
"Only... this chain..."
Muttering, I gazed at the chain binding my own arms and next, at the chain stretching out from Eugeo's wrist. A certain idea came to mind in that moment, and I whispered while holding back my excitement.
"No, it's not «only». We have two of them, don't we; of these bastard chains."
"Hah?"
What are you talking about; I gestured at Eugeo to get off the bed with my hand as he inclined his head to express that thought. Following that, I went down onto the stone floor as well and checked my partner's standing posture that could be faintly seen through the dim lighting.
A crude metal ring was fixed upon his right wrist just like mine, peeking out from the academy uniform he had on from yesterday, and the long chain melded to it was connected to the hook embedded in the wall behind the bed.
I first passed under the chain that extended under Eugeo's right hand, and then straddled it as I returned to my original position. This made our chains into a crossed X shape. Gesturing Eugeo to move back a little, while I got some distance away myself, a strained, ear-piercing scrapping noise rang out from where the two chains crossed.
Looking at that sight, it seems Eugeo finally guessed at my intentions.
"Erm, Kirito, don't tell me we're going to just pull like this?"
"Sure we are. These two chains have the exact same priority, so logically, this should strip away both of their Lives at the same rate. We'll find out if we try, hurry up and grip onto the chain with both hands."
Suspicion still remained on Eugeo, but he gripped onto the chain that extended from his right wrist as I had instructed and lowered his waist. I did the same, then-
"Hold on, before that..."
-cutting the seal with my left hand, I called out the chain's «window» once again.
Even if I were to try this exact same method to cut thick iron chains like these apart in the real world, it would probably take all my might to make even a shallow nick on their surfaces.
However, everything here in the Underworld might seem real, but it wasn't like they obeyed the laws of physics in the exact same way as the real world. Similar to how a giant tree with a diameter of four meters could be chopped down in merely a few days using the sacred instrument, the Blue Rose Sword, if two objects were to collide with more than a certain amount of speed and strength, the one with the higher priority would definitely destroy the other eventually.
We synchronized our timing through our eyes, going "one-two", then pulled the thick chains with all the physical strength we could muster.
Cling! The moment that dull, violent, metallic noise rang out, I was about to pitch forward due to Eugeo's strength being more ridiculous than I had expected, before I braced my feet with my guts. The other side's aversion to losing was revealed on his face after a while, and we continued our power struggle, partially forgetting about our initial objective.
Ear-piercing, creaking noises and small, orange sparks sprang out from where the chains intersected intermittently. Even while maintaining the tug of war, I reached my head out and peeked into the «window» still open.
"Ooh."
I wanted to assume a victory pose, but both of my hands were bound, so I settled with a grin. The over-twenty-thousand points of the chain's Life had its ones column streaming away at a speed that even I couldn't follow with my eyes, while the tens column was reducing at a bewildering rate. It would probably reach zero in several minutes with this spurt. Clenching my teeth once again, I continued gathering all my might for the tug of war against Eugeo.
Of course, this method wouldn't be possible without meeting the conditions of having two sets of chains and prisoners, with the prisoners' «Object Control Authorities»—a parameter equivalent to Strength in SAO—at a sufficiently high value. Hence, I believe Alice who was imprisoned by her lone self at the age of eleven, eight years ago, wasn't able to cut her chain.
That girl was definitely withdrawn from the planned trial, with something happening to her after that. If that Integrity Knight Alice was the Alice from Rulid, that «something» was able to even control her memories and thoughts, turning her into a loyal guard of the Axiom Church, so...
Due to my inadvertent contemplation, I ended up forgetting a crucial fact. The reason why I had the window out was to stop the tug of war immediately before the chain's Life became zero. As for the reason, if it wasn't done—
Ping! A shrill, metallic sound reverberated, different from those before.
Without even the time to consider that, Eugeo and I were thrown backwards by a vehement force and knocked the back of our heads against the hefty stone walls.
Squatting on the floor for a bit and holding my head with both hands, I endured the authentic pain and dizziness brought about by the STL. After those settled down, I peeked through the bars, expecting the jailer to have noticed what had happened this time for sure, but there was no response, fortunately. Letting out a relieved sigh, I got up gingerly.
Eugeo, slower to rise, was dazed as he rubbed his head with his left hand.
"Uugh... my Life dropped by a hundred from that just now."
"That's barely anything for what we got out of it. Come on, look."
I put out my right arm and shook the chain dangling powerlessly from the metal ring. There was still a length of at least one mel, twenty cen, no, one meter, twenty centimeters, then it was magnificently severed. The four U-shaped pieces of metal that rolled onto the floor were the two rings at the intersection that had continued to withstand the pressure from the tug of war before breaking apart in the middle. They crumbled with a fleeting noise and vanished as I looked at them.
I brought out the «window» for the broken link of the chain that hung off my right wrist in a sudden bout of curiosity and upon looking at it, its Life was at 18000 and still recovering, a value amazingly close to what it originally was.
I believed in my prediction, or rather, hope, that the three meter long chain would dissipate entirely the instant it reached zero from the strain, but it seems to have been reclassified as a new chain object, perhaps due to it consisting of many linked rings.
As I thought over such matters, Eugeo, inspecting his own chain as well, made an exaggerated motion with his shoulders and spoke.
"Geez... there's no way I'll ever catch up with your talent at doing illogical things like this, Kirito."
"Hmph, my slogan is irrational, illogical, indiscreet, after all. ...That said, it doesn't seem like anything could've been done about this..."
We were freed from the condition of being not more than three mel, no, meters from the inner wall, but I couldn't think of any method to remove the chain's tail that remained on our right hands. Even if we were to carry out a tug of war yet again, the length might shorten, but it wouldn't be possible to take it off entirely.
"Looks like there's no choice but to bring it along. It's a little heavy, but I don't think it'll be a hindrance to walking if it's wrapped around the arm."
Eugeo said so and started wrapping the tail round and round his forearm, so I reluctantly followed his example. Upon completing the impromptu chain gauntlet, our faces met each other with cynical smiles.
"...Now, then."
I believed that this, at least, had to be confirmed before taking the next action and looked at Eugeo solemnly. Taking in a deep breath, I spoke.
"I'll ask this first... but you get it, don't you, Eugeo? Escaping from here and searching for the truth regarding Alice would be the same as opposing the Axiom Church head on. We won't have the time for conflict over each and every action we take. If you can't prepare yourself now, it's better if you stay behind."
Those words were probably some of the most severe among those that I had used over our over-two-years relationship, but there was no avoiding them.
He might look calm on the surface, but Eugeo's fluctlight... in other words, his soul that was a collection of photons had just undergone an intense structural change. After all, he had rejected his long, long belief in the absolute authority of the Axiom Church, one that he had held ever since he had gained awareness, and reorganized the issues that should take priority over it.
In other words, Eugeo should be thought of as more unstable than he looked at the moment, and if too much load were to be placed onto his currently-resetting thought pattern, it might truly induce abnormalities into his soul like Raios. That was why I had tried to avoid broaching subjects related to the Axiom Church or Taboo Index during these thirty-five hours.
However, if we were to take the radical action of escaping from this jail and trespassing into the Central Cathedral, I hoped he would fortify his will as much as he could now, rather than risk a sudden conflict midway. I must do whatever I can to have Eugeo safely arrive at the highest floor of the cathedral—the place where the console to exit to the real world should be.
Yes, I intended to make my unrivalled partner and closest friend meet with people from the real world.
The Underworld right now was one result from an experiment carried out by the company Rath, and it wouldn't be strange for it to be completely reset anytime. In that situation, the fluctlights of nearly a hundred thousand people currently living in this world would probably be indiscriminately erased. There was no way I could forgive that. I must have the staff from Rath and the wire-puller, Kikuoka Seijirou, communicate directly with Eugeo and make them aware of what they've created at all costs.
The people of the Underworld were definitely not NPCs of some virtual world.
They, with thoughts and emotions equivalent to people from the real world, deserved the right to live on here.
Prepare yourself now; Eugeo heard those words of mine and opened his eyes wide for an instant, before he eventually cast them downwards. Bringing up his right hand, he held his fist firmly before his chest.
"...Aah... I know."
The voice that came out was a quiet whisper but carried an unshakeable resolve in its reverberations.
"I have already decided. To return back to Rulid Village with Alice, I'll even go against the Axiom Church. If the need arises, I'll unsheathe my sword and fight, no matter how many times. ...If that integrity knight is the real Alice, I'll find out the reason behind her loss of memory and return her to how she was. That's more important than anything else to me."
Having finished his speech and raised his face, Eugeo looked straight at me with eyes shining brightly while he made a small smile.
"You said this when we were playing around in the woods, didn't you, Kirito. That 'there are things that must be done even if it's prohibited by the law'. I feel like I've understood its meaning at last."
"......I see."
I deeply swallowed the odd, strong emotion that filled my chest along with the chilly air. Nodding, I lightly patted my partner's left shoulder after a step forward.
"I definitely understand your resolve now. ...But after we leave this place, let's avoid fights as much as we can. I don't think we have much of a chance in an actual brawl with Alice or the other integrity knights."
"Those sure are timid words coming from you, Kirito."
Replying that those guys are the strongest in the world to the grinning Eugeo, I walked closer towards the bars that separated the jail from the passage. Let's pull the «window» out from this thick and heavy iron rod with a diameter that looked to be around three cen first. The object's class was—20. It had a Life close to ten thousand.
Eugeo who stood beside me peeked into the window as well and gave a short sigh.
"Hmm... it's not as bad as the chains, but it would take some time to bend them barehanded. What should we do, want to try ramming it together?"
"If we do something like that, our Lives will end up falling along with the grids'. I have an idea, just sit back and watch."
I gestured Eugeo to fall back and untangled the chain wrapped around my right arm. I said it like I really thought up of a plan beforehand, but it only came to mind when I was wrapping this chain. Sortiliena-senpai, who I was under the tutelage of for an entire year in the Sword Mastery Academy, wound that up in circles the same way when she was done with it. The weapon that symbolized the Serlut-style, that white leather whip.
Looking at me as I slowly shook the chain with a length of 1.2 meter held in my right hand, Eugeo gave a worried whisper.
"Ki-Kirito, are you planning to break the grids with that? If your aim goes bad and it hits you, won't you get a heavy inju..."
"It's fine, I got plenty of coaching on how to use a whip from Liena-senpai. She was called the «Walking Tactics Manual», after all... Listen, as you might expect, blowing off the bars will probably make a seriously massive noise, so sprint for the stairs. Make sure you flee instead of fight if the jailer comes out."
"...Oh now. Plenty, you say, huh."
Putting Eugeo's strange response aside, I slowly increased the swinging range of the chain. Its length didn't quite make the cut for a whip, but it should have the force of a Class 38 priority to compensate for that.
—Strike, focusing not on the hand that held the whip but on the weight of its tip.
Recalling Liena-senpai's words, I pulled back the chain with force and right before it extended completely, I made a full swing with a yell.
"Sei!"
The end of the chain that rushed through the air like a dark grey snake attacked where the three centimeters thick iron rods intersected without missing, scattering dazzling sparks in the darkness.
Blang! Along with the loud noise that rang out, the bars were blown off from their frames above and below them, vehemently striking the grid of the opposite cell before they fell onto the floor. If there were any prisoners there, they must have thought it was a divine punishment from Solus or something.
With the dense cloud of dust that swelled up choking my breath, I tumbled out into the passage. That kettle-head jailer must have definitely leapt to his feet if he heard that noise earlier. I doubted he was as strong as an integrity knight, but I preferred to avoid battles while I had nothing but a single chain as a substitute for a whip.
I examined the end of the passage with my body tensed, but even after several seconds passed, there was no sign of anyone. Taking fleeting glances at Eugeo who got out of the jail after me, I quickly whispered.
"It might be an ambush. Be prepared."
"Got it."
Exchanging nods and albeit it being far too late, we silenced our footsteps as we began running.
According to the information I had hammered into my mind when we were arrested, this Axiom Church underground jail was constructed with eight passages extending out like the spokes of a wheel, and each passage housed four holding cells on each of its sides. If all of the cells held two each, it could be calculated as 8 x 8 x 2 for a capacity of a hundred and twenty-eight people, but I believed it impossible for this jail to have ever been fully occupied since it was built.
The eight passages convened at the small jailer's guardroom in the space near where the wheel hub would be, with a spiral staircase extending aboveground surrounding it. It would be the best case scenario if we could slip through the jailer's attack and leap onto the staircase. With that in mind as I ran through the passage, I stood still before the guardroom and spied on the state inside.
Small lamps were suspended from the wall of the cylindrical guardroom, faintly illuminating their surroundings. There was no sign of movement, but I couldn't help but feel that the jailer was lurking in a blind spot from the exit, equipped with some horrifying weapon.
"...Hey, Kirito."
"Shh!"
"Oh c'mon, Kirito."
As I looked for a presence beyond the corner, my shoulder was poked by Eugeo from behind, so I reluctantly turned back.
"What is it?"
"Hey, this sound... isn't this snoring?"
"...What."
When I listened carefully as I was told to, I certainly noticed it was present, though extremely faint; a constant, familiar low sound repeating itself.
"......"
I took another look at Eugeo in the face, then lightly shook my head and started walking out.
Beyond the end of the passage (of course, there wasn't a single rat in the corner's blind spot) was a reasonably wide circular space and a stone pillar with a diameter of around five meters standing in the middle. The interior of the pillar was hollow, being the jailer's guardroom and as such, the origin of the snores.
A black, iron door was fitted on the side of the pillar with a small viewing window on its upper portion. Eugeo and I concealed our footsteps as we approached the door, peeping in through the window, our faces practically stuck to it.
There was no great difference in the crude bed installed in the exact middle of the round room when compared to the one in the jail, and the jailer slept on it as though his massive barrel-like frame was crushing it. The metal mask that reminded one of a kettle was still worn and its tin surface vibrated, matching the heavy and low snores.
It was a scene where we should hurry and escape, but I found myself carelessly speculating on his circumstances. Being the lookout all by himself in this jail where prisoners and such rarely came; there was no mistake he had continued that for years... or to be negative, tens of years. After all, in this world, even a child born as a noble would be bestowed a «sacred task» from the one in charge of the area upon turning ten years of age, with neither the option to personally choose it, nor to change it halfway through.
Waking according to the faint sound of the bell of time telling in this underground space that sunlight couldn't reach and patrolling an empty jail, then sleeping according to the bell once again. Day after day, he must have repeated nothing but that as his own job. So many times that he did not even stir from his sleep when we made that much noise.
A countless number of keys of various sizes hung from the guardroom's wall. I believed that the keys to remove the metal rings fitted on our right wrists were among them, but without any mood to disrupt the jailer's sleep and fight for that reason, I took a step back and muttered.
"...Let's go."
"Aah... yeah."
It seems that something was on Eugeo's mind too. We softly parted from the window and set our feet upon the spiral staircase that encircled the guardroom, and then earnestly continued the ascent without a single glance back.
Part 2[edit]
The spiral staircase felt rather long when we descended, but it took mere minutes before we could sense the exit's presence when we keenly raced our way upwards. The putrid stench gradually disappeared from the air, while the damp, moist walls and the stone under our feet were replaced by glossy marble without our noticing.
We could soon see a faint light in our path, and when it turned into the rectangular exit, Eugeo and I found no further need for caution and rushed forth, skipping over the steps, two at a time. Both of us sucked in the fresh air as though satisfying our cravings, the moment that we at last reached the ground above.
"......Whew..."
When our breaths finally settled down, we took another look at our surroundings. The skies which were still pitch-black granted us vision even without artificial lighting, through their indistinct starlight.
The Axiom Church that ruled over the Human World existed within a vast square plot of ground in the center of Central Centoria. From what I had seen around the place through the opportunity of dangling off the flying dragon yesterday morning, the main gate was in the east (I suppose that was probably due to Solus rising from that direction), with a wide road that extended to the actual church.
And that church was veritably the lofty white tower, the «Central Cathedral». Its cross-sectional view would reveal that it, too, was a square, while its upright walls were smoothly polished to a mirror-like finish, with the upper portion always within the clouds, making it impossible to see its peak unobstructed.
I believed that there would be someone managing this world at the highest part of the cathedral, as well as a system console for communication with the outside—or in other words, with Rath. If I could reach that far, I could return to the real world after these two years and two months I had personally experienced...
Reflecting on those strong emotions, I slowly turned around and faced the opening to the underground jail I had just escaped from.
The doorless rectangular hole was opening its mouth in slight surprise, towards the pure white surface of the wall. Shifting my sight to the smoothly polished marble wall, I first gazed right, then left, and lastly, up, but factoring the dense shroud of night fog in as well, I wasn't able to see to the end in any direction.
No, even if it wasn't for the fog, I shouldn't have been able to see the top of the wall. After all, the glossy marble a mere meter away was undeniably the outer wall of our final destination, the Central Cathedral.
Probably having thought the same thing, Eugeo took several steps forward with me, and then raising our left hands, we gently touched the white wall. Rubbing left and right, affirming its sheer hard and cold sensation.
"...It's too late saying this after having came this far, but... I can't quite believe it. We're touching that cathedral. The tower with walls that people are denied from, no matter how distinguished they may be, as nobles... no, even if they were the emperors of the four empires, they wouldn't be able to do anything but look at it."
"Well, we're not integrity knights as planned, but escaped prisoners, though."
Eugeo gave a light, strained laugh at my spiritless response, but immediately spoke with a stern face.
"But looking back at it, this might have been the right choice instead. After all, if we became integrity knights, we might, just like Alice..."
"The possibility of our memories being controlled, huh. That's certainly true... however, if all of the integrity knights were that way, who exactly would they believe themselves to be...?"
When I muttered so, Eugeo removed his hand from the marble and tilted his head. I smacked the left hand, that I lowered as well, onto my waist, attempting to explain my vague question.
"That is to say, well, even if the memories of the knights were sealed away... who are my parents; where was I born; they should have knowledge of such things, right? After all, that's the fundamental basics of being a human and all. That's exactly why I think it'd be difficult to fabricate that knowledge."
"I see... knights are just a flight away from anywhere in the Human World with their flying dragons. Even if the true memories about their birth were sealed, with false memories implanted, it would be easily revealed as a lie if they actually paid a visit to their birthplace..."
Suddenly, Eugeo sharply took in a breath of air and stared in my direction with his eyes open wide, which made me blink my eyes multiple times in confusion. After exchanging stares with my frozen partner for several seconds, I finally thought of the reason for his strange response.
"I see... you thought that we might find out a method to restore my memories at this tower, huh."
"Ah... n-no, I..."
Eugeo's face distorted into wrinkles and he soon turned it steeply downwards, so I took a step forward and forcefully tussled my partner's flaxen hair with my left hand.
"You're a worrywart as always. I said it, didn't I; whether my memories return or not, I'll accompany you until the end of your journey."
Eugeo brought his face up with that, slightly red now, and said "Don't treat me like a child" in a child-like manner. But without even attempting to escape from my hand, he continued in a soft voice.
"......It's not like I doubt that. You have say it countless times after all, Kirito. But... when I think about how our journey's coming to a close, I just..."
Upon hearing that stifled whisper, strong feelings thoroughly filled up my chest, and I raised up Eugeo's face with my hand still placed on his head.
The majesty of the Central Cathedral, towering up high right beside us, truly deserved to be called the core of the world. It would not be easy to climb up to the highest floor of this tower even if there aren't any obstacles in the way, but on the flip side, that was all that's left. No matter how many thousand flights of stairs there might be, our journey would come to an end once we climbed our way through all of them, over a year ahead of schedule.
However, that was definitely not a farewell for all of eternity. I would log out to the real world for the time being, but I will return without fail. To meet with Eugeo, Liena-senpai, Ronye, Tiezé and the many other people.
"If it's going to end, we might as well end it on a happ... no, good note. You will get Alice's memories back and return to Rulid together. ...But will you have no choice but to choose a sacred task once again? It would be better to think about it starting from now, as the next will likely be the last for the rest of your life, after all."
Eugeo finally lifted his head at my nonchalant words and showed his usual smile, as though to express the thought "my, my".
"It's too early for that no matter how you look at it. But, well, I'm already sick of woodcutting one way or another."
"Haha, that's right."
It was when I took my hand off Eugeo's head and strongly patted his right shoulder that the bell of time telling, far above us at the cathedral, rang out in an exceptionally beautiful and dignified timbre. It was the 4 A.M. melody. Another hour until dawn—
"...Looks like we should get going soon."
"Yeah. Let's."
As if to confirm our mutual decision, we lightly knocked our left fists against each other. The force used, the timing, and even the firmness of our fists were exactly the same. To insist that there was no need for any further words, both of us checked out the surroundings once again.
I knew nothing but that our current location was the rear (in other words, west) of the Central Cathedral. Naturally, we were obstructed by the marble outer wall in the east.
Our present goal was to infiltrate the cathedral, so things would be easy if there were an entrance to the first floor nearby, but there wasn't a single window even at rather great heights on this western side, with its slippery finish making it look impossible to climb.
In that case, the next plan would, of course, be to move towards the north or south along the outer wall. However, after a mere five meters or so down either direction, a metal fence was connected perpendicularly to the wall. It seemed of a height that could be climbed over if we tried hard enough, but there was one problem. I had already confirmed the fact that there were similar fences stretching out over and over again beyond that fence, yesterday.
The bronze fence, vines densely twining around it, appeared sturdier than the bars of the underground jail, judging from its shine. There was no end to these fences stretching around this area on the west of this cathedral. In other words, this place was both a garden and a maze at the same time. Probably for the sake of troubling prisoners from fleeing, in the one-in-a-million chance that they escape aboveground from the underground jail.
The east, south, and north were obstructed by the wall and fences, but there was a single gate in the west. A single, short, straight passage stretched out from there, a small plaza still within the maze at its end. It was here that the flying dragon we dangled off landed yesterday morning.
I tried to commit a route for escape to memory right before we touched down, but memorization in that short period of time was totally impossible due to the complexity of the maze's structure. However, it appeared that there was no other alternative.
"...Let's break through that maze and get out towards the north or south of the cathedral."
When I said so, Eugeo nodded as well.
"I'm expecting great things from your intuition, Kirito."
"Leave it to me, I've always been good with labyrinths since long ago."
My partner made a contemplative expression when I replied with those words without thinking, so I started walking before he had a chance to ask.
Reaching the west gate after merely a few steps, we first checked the priority of the bronze gate. The priority stated on the window was 35; as expected, it wasn't made from some normal kind of bronze. It might be possible to destroy it after countless strikes with the chain wrapped around my right hand, but it seemed like that would take more time than climbing it, not to mention how it felt like that would cause the imperial guards (or perhaps integrity knights) to gather here in a flurry.
It happened when I was about to resume walking, resigning myself to challenge the maze as per my initial plan. Eugeo spoke as though he squeezed the words through his throat.
"Wh-What is it!? Did something happen to the fence!?"
"I-It's not the fence... th-these leaves..."
With his eyes wide open, Eugeo whispered while pointing at the completely ordinary leaves of the vines densely coiled around the bronze fence.
"It's my first time seeing them, but there's no mistaking it. These are... «roses», Kirito."
"Roses... Oh... wait, eh, seriously!? All of those growing in this maze, the whole lot of them!?"
I gave a half-hearted response at first, but the roses of this Underworld were not merely pretty flowers. They ranked higher than the «four great sacred flowers» bearing fruit that stored sacred power of high purity: anemones, marigolds, dahlias, and cattleyas. Cultivation of these was prohibited for even nobles and those from the imperial family, let alone commoners, and the few wild ones that grew sparsely in the hills and fields were said to fetch an outrageous price in Centoria's marketplace when found.
There were thousands, no, even tens of thousands of that ludicrously rare plant in this maze alone... The instant that came to mind, I was driven by the urge to pull out and bring along every single one of them, but unfortunately, this world did not have a convenient function known as the item storage.
In contrast to me giving life to my exceedingly realistic conflicts, Eugeo's reaction was calm indeed. Pushing apart the leaves with thorny edges with his fingertips, speaking while peeking inside.
"It doesn't look like the flowers have bloomed yet, but the buds are swelling out. With this many around, there should be quite an amount of sacred power released into the air."
Now that he mentioned it, the air within the maze certainly was sweet and pure, with my body feeling as though it was purified with each breath taken. When I took in a greedy, deep breath, Eugeo continued, seemingly annoyed.
"That's not what I'm talking about; we might be able to use fairly high ranking sacred arts right now."
"...Even if you say that, we aren't hurt at the moment..."
"But we're still lacking something important, aren't we? Our..."
"Ah, aah, that's right... our swords!"
I finally understood what Eugeo was getting at and quietly snapped my fingers.
The class 38 iron chain wrapped around my right arm might be a heartening weapon too, but Eugeo was not versed in the usage of the whip, and quicker repossession of the «Blue Rose Sword» and the «black one» would be far more reassuring. Or rather, recovery of the swords was at the highest order of importance.
The two swords were still somewhere else, carried away by Integrity Knight Alice, but we could get an estimate on their whereabouts through the use of sacred arts at least. I put up my right hand, and then took in a deep breath of air.
"System call!"
I shouted out the words, considered as the opening line for sacred arts by Eugeo and as an activation command for the system manipulation authority by me, in a subdued voice. The five digits on my right hand were covered in a faint violet light, signaling the booted up manipulation authority entering its standby state. Stretching my index finger straight, loosely grasping the remaining four, I started the next command.
"Generate umbra element."
Upon chanting so while imaging a black matte gem, a miniscule sphere of jet-black encircling a bluish-purple phosphorescence appeared at the end of my rigid finger. It was one of the eight «elements» existing in this world, the «umbra element». The degree of difficulty for this art was a little higher, but those boring sacred arts lectures and tests finally served their purpose after coming this far.
The umbra element was the opposite of the «luminous element» Dormitory Supervisor Azurika created to treat Eugeo's right eye yesterday morning, tainted with a negative attribute. It was a dangerous item that would scour the entire surrounding space in one go if discharged as it was, but by utilizing its suction property, it could be used in this manner as well.
"Adhere possession. Object ID, WLSS102382. Discharge."
Finishing the chant for the art, the umbra element that floated at my fingertip started to move as though it was sucked in by something. It soared up towards the east as it wove about, using up all of its energy and vanishing right before it made contact with the cathedral's wall. However, a faint bluish-purple trace remained in the air for a duration of several seconds.
I quickly shifted my sight and stared intensely at where the line drawn by the umbra element led to. Having done the same, Eugeo spoke with slight disappointment.
"Looks like the swords really are inside the cathedral. I was hoping they were stored away somewhere like an outdoor storage shed, though..."
"Still, they don't seem too high up, even if they're inside. The second floor... no, it might be around the third floor? I'm glad they weren't carried to a higher floor than that."
"You're right... I guess. Then, let's make our first objective to sneak into the cathedral from somewhere aside from the main entrance and take back our swords from the third floor."
Although I was secretly worried whether it was fine to think of Eugeo, calmly speaking phrases like 'sneak in' or 'take back' that previously were used solely by me back at the academy, he was dependable, so I nodded.
Even if we knew the whereabouts of the swords, our need to clear the maze of roses did not change. I wondered whether there was a sacred art that could show us the route towards the exit, but unfortunately, a command that convenient did not exist—probably.
Upon passing through the bronze gate once again, Eugeo and I first set off towards the plaza in front. It would have been a beautiful sight if the roses coiling about the fences to the left and right were in bloom and the day broke, but the current darkness was our only ally. We killed our footsteps and advanced in a half run under the starlight.
The next gate immediately showed itself. The plaza that served as the flying dragon's landing zone was ahead. I do recall having seen that bench and small fountain, but I couldn't be sure if there was a map of the entire rose garden. No, it's a plaza, so it's definitely there; let it be there.
The moment I was about to pass through another gate slightly smaller than the first while praying thus, a familiar, weak, prickling pain ran through the roots of my bangs. At roughly the same time, Eugeo pulled on my coat from behind.
"Wh-What is it?"
"...Someone's there."
"Wha..."
I immediately prepared myself and focused my eyes in front.
The plaza was in the shape of a rectangle, longer towards the east and west, with the gate we were in was at its eastern end. A bronze statue of the god, Terraria, stood on the fountain constructed in the middle, and around it were four benches made from the same bronze as the fences, separated at uniform distances.
And as Eugeo said, there was a person's form on the bench to our right—the northern side.
Although the face couldn't be seen with that long hair in loose waves hiding it, the somewhat thin stature was covered in polished silver armor, with a partially curved long sword on the left of the waist. And from the ends of those two shoulders hung a mantle of a deep shade. I could clearly see that crest with a cross going through a circle embroidered upon the mantle, even from this angle.
Eugeo and I distinctly swallowed our breaths, and then whispered as though we were squeezing the words out.
"In... integrity knight...!"
There was no mistake. Judging from that physique, that hairstyle, and the color of that equipment as well, it wasn't Alice, but I could easily believe that integrity knight was roughly as strong as her. I didn't have a sword either... no, even if I had one, I doubted I could achieve victory unhurt.
Should I escape into the maze from the gates to the north or south right this instant? Or perhaps I should retreat straight behind; I was momentarily at a loss. However, before I could decide on a course of action, a male voice with a refreshing ring to it flowed through the plaza.
"There is no need to stand at such a place; enter, and come forth, prisoners."
The glimmer held aloft in his right hand was, surprisingly enough, a wine glass. Upon looking at it, there was a bottle left on the bench as well.
Having felt the awfully provocative vibes in the knight's tone and gestures, my bad habit kicked in, and I ended up responding rather than escaping.
"Oh now, how about treating us to some of that wine too?"
Without an immediate reply, the integrity knight slowly turned this way, then presented the wine glass for a short moment for us to see.
"Regrettably, I would have to say that this would not suit the mouths of children... and not to mention, criminals, like the two of you. Made in the west empire, it is a hundred and fifty years old. I suppose I could spare you a whiff of its fragrance, however."
That face that smiled pleasantly while the glass swirled was stunningly beautiful, even under the starlight.
An exquisite balance produced by that high nose bridge and those eyebrows with a rugged charm to them, along with a crisp gleam from that pair of long-slitted eyes.
When Eugeo and I were unconsciously awed into silence, the knight uncrossed his legs and nimbly stood up, causing some noise with his armor. He was rather tall—probably a head taller than us both. His deep purple mantle and pale purple hair both swayed in the night wind.
Having emptied the wine in one gulp, the knight then spoke several unexpected words.
"As expected of Alice-sama, my master; such keen insight. Able to foresee even this one-in-a-million situation of the prisoners escaping."


"A... Alice-sama? M-My master...?"
I repeated in a daze.
The integrity knight gave a serene nod and continued his pompous words.
"To be honest, I never thought it conceivable myself, despite her orders to spend a night here in anticipation of your escape. I planned to admire the rosebuds with a bottle of wine as an accompaniment for this all-night vigil, but to think you would actually appear. —Those, wrapped around your arms, are chains made from spirit-iron forged from the volcanos of the south empire. I do not know how you've cut them, but I believe there is no further room for doubt that you were imprisoned for high treason."
The knight set the wine glass onto the bench while keeping his smile on. Combing his long hair up with his now-emptied right hand, he heightened the emphasis on his words by a fraction.
"Certainly, I will have you return to the underground jail straight away, but I do believe a moderate punishment is in order before that. Of course, the both of you are prepared?"
That thin smile remained there, but an overwhelming hostility flowed out from the lean silhouette of his tall frame, and I restrained myself from backing off a step with all my might. Returning the strength into my stomach, I somehow managed to reply in an ordinary tone.
"If you're saying that, there's no way you believe that we would take that punishment without a fight, right?"
"Hahaha, what liveliness. I heard you were merely chicks, yet to graduate from the academy, but what a sight you've shown me. In light of that bravado, allow me to state my name before I reduce your Lives to a drop. —I am Integrity Knight Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one. I may be inexperienced, «summoned» a mere one month ago with no territories under my supervision, but I beg your forgiveness on that matter."
A light breath escaped Eugeo the moment he heard the knight's long-winded speech, but I didn't shift my focus towards my partner's reaction. After all, that speech articulated in that seemingly provocative, beautiful voice contained several crucial points of information.
Firstly, the fact that there was a convention in the names of integrity knights was made clear. Considering how the full name of Integrity Knight Alice was Alice Synthesis Thirty as well, the initial «Alice» or «Eldrie» would be their personal names. The following «Synthesis» would be a name they have in common. Next, the last name was not a name, but a number. It was in English, so Eugeo wouldn't understand, but Alice was likely the thirtieth integrity knight. And Eldrie here was the thirty-first—
Furthermore, he said 'summoned a mere one month ago'. The implications of the word, summon, were unclear, but if Eldrie was the latest human to be appointed as a knight, that would mean there were a total of only thirty-one integrity knights. Not to mention how numerous knights were away from the cathedral to guard the various areas of the Human World, so there may only be ten knights or so left in the tower, even on the high side.
But those calculations could turn out to be counting your chickens before whatever it was happened, if we weren't able to break through this novice knight in front of our eyes.
I turned towards Eugeo, standing diagonally left behind me, and whispered.
"Let's fight. I'll face off against him first, so wait for my signal, Eugeo."
"Y-Yeah. But... Kirito, I..."
"I said it, didn't I, that we can't hesitate any more. Without defeating that guy, there's no way we could get up the cathedral."
"No, I'm not hesitating, I just, his name... —No, let's leave this for later. Understood, but don't overdo it, Kirito."
Eugeo's reaction made me wonder if the plan got through to him, but we couldn't take our own sweet time in discussion. It felt like the unidentified guardian spirit atop my hair breathed a sigh as always, but there would be enough time to escape even after ascertaining the enemy's true ability, probably.
Taking two steps forward and passing through the gate to the plaza, I unwrapped the iron chain from my right hand and gently gripped it. Having seen that, the knight lightly moved his eyebrows.
"I see, although I was wondering what you would do even without a sword, I suppose you intend to make that chain a weapon. In that case, it appears that I would be able to look forward to a battle slightly more befitting of the word, perhaps?"
That voice and that expression were even now still full of composure. Cursing for it to be immersed in a cold sweat soon enough, I slowly shortened our distance.
This chain had the handicap of not being able to activate secret moves—swords skills, but it could strike at a distance much farther than a sword. If I were to accumulate low damage attacks through hit and run without stopping my feet, there should be a chance of victory.
That was my scheme, but it was smashed into small fragments in the next moment. Knight Eldrie moved his right hand not towards the sword on the leftside of his waist, but towards his back hidden by that mantle as he continued speaking.
"Well then, I will use not a sword, but this instead."
Quickly drawing out his right hand, the object grasped tightly within it seemed to have been stored on the back of his sword belt; a second weapon—tinged with a pure silver radiance; a slender whip.
I was astonished as the whip loosed itself from Eldrie's right hand as I looked on and coiled upon the stone pavement like a snake. In contrast to my unrefined chain, it was gorgeously made from interwoven silver threads. But upon closer examination, sharp thorns sprouted along it in spirals as though it was the stem of a rose, giving off a dangerous gleam as it bore the light of the stars. Getting struck with such a thing wouldn't result in merely a tear in the skin.
In addition, the total length of the whip appeared to be four meters at the very least. My chain was 1.2 meter, a difference in reach of over three times. Something like hit and run tactics would not be possible with this.
When I stood still while perspiring cold sweat, Eldrie appeared to have seen through my thoughts as he sharply swung his right hand. The whip writhed as though it was alive, striking the stone pavement with a snap.
"Now then... in respect for your resolution in disregarding the Axiom Church and Taboo Index, and even breaking out from the jail, allow me to serve as your opponent with all of my might from the very beginning."
Without even giving me the time to react, Eldrie held his left hand over the whip in his right, and then loudly cried out in a frigid, tense voice.
"System call!"
I could not discern most of the extremely complex ceremony for that art after that.
Like magic in the nostalgic «Alfheim Online», high speed chants—in other words, rapidly speaking out commands continuously—were possible for sacred arts of the Underworld. However, as the speed of the chanting increased, so did the probability of making a mistake in the ceremony.
Within the extent of my knowledge, the person second-most capable in high speed chants was Sortiliena-senpai, while the best was Azurika-sensei. However, Eldrie's chanting was faster than even sensei's. Speaking out a long command not less than thirty words in merely seven or eight seconds, he finished off with a phrase unfamiliar to my ears.
"——Enhance armament!"
Enhance was... to strengthen? Armament was, erm...
However, I wasn't given the time to flip through the English-Japanese dictionary within my brain. That was as Eldrie casually held aloft his right hand, then swung it down in my direction without a pause.
The distance between us was approximately fifteen meters. Even if that guy's whip was long, it should not reach. However.
Eldrie's whip traced a silver streak through the air and its length stretched to several times that of what it was, as though it was made from an elastic material. Even through my shock, I instinctively lifted the chain above my head with both hands. Immediately following that, a violent impact assailed me, raining down large amounts of bluish-white sparks.
"Kuh...!"
If I were to take this while standing still as I was, the chain would be sliced apart. Intuitively knowing that, I bent my knees and warded off the whip by twisting my body towards the right. Jangle! When that intense scraping noise rang out and the whip left the chain, striking the stone pavement, it carved a deep groove there before returning back to the knight's hand.
While feeling cold sweat cascade from my entire body, I let out a deep groan upon seeing the chain.
"Geh..."
It had just shaved away an entire portion of this class 38 object, a chain made from that spirit-iron thingy, and nearly sliced through one of its links, didn't it?
Facing me as I was frozen, the integrity knight offered a faint smile as he spoke.
"My... I thought to slice off one of your ears, but it appears you staved off the attack from my sacred tool, «Frost Scale Whip», despite seeing it for the first time. Perhaps this calls for an apology on making light of you for being a mere student."
Even if I wanted to say something in reply to those words overflowing with tranquility, my mouth stiffened up and couldn't move.
A formidable opponent. And exceedingly so. The one that had unconsciously made light of the other was me.
Integrity Knight Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one was a type of enemy I'd never ever had as an opponent before; I understood that now, though belatedly.
The virtual world, Underworld, was at most an experimental field for Rath and strictly speaking, in this battle, my life—not that of Kirito as a swordsman, but of Kirigaya Kazuto as a high school student, was not on the line. Even if my neck was annihilated by Eldrie's whip and my Life turned to zero, my actual flesh and blood should not suffer a single injury.
As such, it could not be considered to compare to the death game, SAO, with the fear of battle. The fear when facing off gigantic floor bosses, monsters, or perhaps red players had descended into madness; a sensation like a bottomless hole opening up under your feet, while walking on a tight rope, was one that I will probably never get the chance to experience again, but neither do I have the desire to do so.
However, even if that were to be called a death game, the majority of the players of that world were net gamers without any connection to actual swordsmanship, me included. Those people used the numerical stats and motion assist granted by the system, as well as the meager reaction speed trained over merely one, two years of time as the set of cards in their playing hand for mortal combat.
But Eldrie was different. He had accumulated sword practice and studied arts over tens of years in this world, training himself to the utmost limits. He was a true swordsman, physically and mentally. Different from both the players of SAO and the monsters operated by the system; if I had to put it into words, he was like the true embodiment of a «rune knight» that appeared in fantasy fiction books.
Possessing skill and sacred arts far more refined than the goblin soldiers at the mountain range at the edge and exuding more willpower than even the head elite swordsmen-in-training, Raios Antinous and Uolo Levanteinn, Eldrie likely surpassed me in each and every aspect as I currently was. If I were to continue fighting with a single chain as my weapon, I would unfortunately have a hundred percent chance of losing.
If I were to state a feasible method to struggle out of this situation, it would be...
——That you are not alone.
It felt like someone spoke on my behalf, but I turned to my partner behind as though I were guided there and softly whispered.
"Eugeo. The only point for a chance of victory is the fact that we have two people. I'll stop his whip somehow, so you'll be the one to deal the blow."
However, I couldn't quite hear a reply. When I shifted my sight over my shoulders in doubt, Eugeo's face showed a shade of admiration rather than fear. His mouth finally began moving, but the words he uttered were infused with nothing but praise.
"...Did you see that art just now, Kirito? Amazing... I've only read it in the ancient books in the library, but there's no mistaking it. That's the «armament full control art»... a super high ranking sacred art to link with the true essence of the weapon through an art ceremony, making its offensive power representative of a miracle from God. That's only to be expected of an integrity knight, huh!"
"Like we're in any situation to appreciate that. ...If that can extend the reach, couldn't that full control thing be used on our chains as well?"
"Impossible, impossible! It is designated as a secret art of the highest grade in the church, after all. Besides, it seems only weapons of sacred tool grade can be targeted by that art."
"Then let's forget about that. We have to do something with the weapons we have on hand. Look, when I manage to hold back that whip somehow, you'll end it. Even if you're not used to using the chain, you can probably swing it straight down at least."
I double-confirmed with Eugeo who finally showed a tense expression.
"Prepare yourself. We'll defeat the strongest force of the church, the integrity knight."
"...I know. I said it, didn't I, that I won't hesitate anymore."
Nodding, Eugeo held the tip of the chain wrapped around his right hand as well and slowly loosened it.
The moment we exchanged glances, the integrity knight showed his usual refreshing smile as he gently rattled the silver whip.
"Are you done with your discussion, prisoners? Now then, how about sparing me a little enjoyment?"
"...Should you really be that laidback as an integrity knight?"
"Naturally, all who oppose the Axiom Church deserve a stern and potent divine punishment... that is the will of the Holiness that is the highest minister. However, I, too, am a knight with pride and it pains me to lash at the unresisting weak. Therefore, I shall hope that the both of you could display some dignity by at the very least landing even a single graze upon my armor."
"...Rather than a graze on your armor, we'll blast off half of your Life and wipe that broad grin off your face."
Concealing the unease spreading through my heart, I boasted. The name, «highest minister», mentioned by Eldrie bothered me, but this was no situation to be pondering over other affairs. Swinging the chain in my right hand once, I quickly thrust my left hand towards Eldrie.
"System call! Generate thermal element!"
Imaging a deep crimson ruby as I shouted the command, flaming points of light sprang to life on my thumb, index finger and middle finger, one on each of them. It was the «thermal element» that served as the source for flame-type offensive arts. I was about to continue and deploy the art ceremony, but Eldrie calmly raised his left hand as well, fifteen meters ahead.
"System call. Generate cryogenic element."
A total of five blue «cryogenic elements» to counter my art were created on all of his fingertips. It was a sudden loss in terms of numbers, but I ignored that and bridged the ceremony.
"Form element, arrow shape!"
Three flame arrows were completed as I pulled my left hand back while chanting, stretching the points of light long and narrow. A shape focused on flight speed and piercing ability. I chanted the final line as fast as I could to deny the enemy time to react.
"Fly straight! Discharge!"
Creating a swirl of flames, the three arrows were aimed at Eldrie and released.
In this world where sword battles were the norm, the reason for the existence of offensive sacred arts was battling military forces from the land of darkness—or so, that old teacher at the academy said. He would probably faint if he knew the magic he taught was used on an integrity knight of all people; with such thoughts in a corner of my mind, I rushed out as well, chasing the flame arrows.
In my path, Eldrie chanted the opposing art ceremony in a single breath.
"Form element, bird shape. Counter thermal object, discharge!"
The five blue points of light became small birds—a shape suitable for homing in on targets—and took off simultaneously. In terms of projectile speed, my arrows were higher, but the ice birds won in numbers. Although they slipped past two of them, the remaining three intercepted the flame arrows one after another, scattering both explosive flames and ice crystals, offsetting and extinguishing each other. The wine glass on the bench was blown away by the explosion's impact, smashing into fragments onto the stone pavement.
Under the cover of the flashy light effects, I closed in towards Eldrie in a single spurt. With another two steps... another one step, he'll be within the chain's reach—
The knight's right hand suddenly moved and the snake-like silver whip sprang up from the ground. The range advantage from that armament full control thing wouldn't matter at this distance. I tried my best to predict the trajectory of the whip as it attacked from my right in an arc, bending my body to dodge while taking that final step. —But.
"—!?"
I swallowed my breath the moment I saw it. Didn't Eldrie's whip just split into two, with the newly born silver snake tracing out an even sharper angle as it hunted me down?
I was unable to cope with that attack, having seen it at a distance of several centimeters, and the whip dealt a heavy blow to my chest. Tossed onto the stone pavement, a raspy scream escaped from me.
"Guh...!"
I thought I was prepared, but a blow from the metal whip with countless thorns growing over it hurt enough to make my eyes spin. Looking with my teeth clenched, the chest portion of my black uniform was completely torn off along with my undershirt and a straight, deep red scar ran over the exposed skin. A great number of blood drops welled up all at once, drawing parallel lines as they flowed down.
Eldrie laughed gaily, looking down at me miserably fallen onto my rear.
"Hahaha, a little trick like that has no effect on this Frost Scale Whip. In its full control state, its reach can extend up to fifty mel while splitting into a maximum of seven. You might achieve something if you had eight throwing themselves upon me, however."
I had absolutely no composure left to get irritated at his calm and composed mannerisms. It was my first time tasting this much pain ever since my shoulder was cut by that goblin leader two years ago.
I always knew that this low pain resistance of mine was one of my major weaknesses, but in the Sword Mastery Academy, where the usage of the stopping-before-contact rule was the norm, I rarely had the opportunity to ever get used to pain. There's a limit to how worthless I could get, having said that I would do something grand like stopping the whip at the risk of my life.
"Fm, could it have been an overestimation on my part after all? Then I shall grant you some pity at least, and sever your consciousness in one smooth stroke."
Proclaiming so, Eldrie lightly rustled the silver whip and took a step forward.
In that instant, Eugeo, who advanced close by unnoticed, leapt out from the shadow of the fountain with a frantic expression.
"Uryaaa!"
Letting out a rare loud yell, he swung down the chain in his right hand. It was a blow that I had no qualms with, considering it was the first time he was using that weapon, and a surprise attack as well—but still, it was not enough to penetrate the knight's guard. Eldrie's right hand flashed so fast it became a blur, splitting the pure silver whip into two once again while airborne. One repelled the chain while the other assailed Eugeo. He was struck away soundly on the chest and before Eugeo could even scream out, he fell into the fountain, spouting out a large spray.
The sharp pain tormenting me showed no sign of subsiding, but I couldn't waste the chance created by the attack Eugeo risked his life for. The instant I felt more than half of Eldrie's attention leave me, I roused my upper body and let loose the object I had gripped within my right hand several seconds ago towards the knight's face.
Unlike Aincrad and Alfheim, most of the objects in this world would not vanish immediately after being broken. They started up a new count of Life as shards, fragments, or perhaps carcasses.
The broken part had its Life, or in another word, durability, reduced at a speed far quicker than before, and it disappeared for good without a trace upon that reaching zero. But still, there was a delay of several minutes at the very least, before utter annihilation.
Even if that was something insignificant, like a shard from a broken wine glass.
The glass fragment I threw pierced through the pre-daybreak darkness and flew towards Eldrie's left eye. In addition, it should barely reflect any of the starlight as I rubbed it against the blood that flowed from my chest injury right before throwing it.
It probably wouldn't even take a tenth of a second for the fragment to hit him after entering his sight. And yet, the knight turned his face to the right with his monstrous reaction speed, avoiding a direct hit at his eyeball. After making a scratch near his left cheekbone, the glass shard left behind only a shallow injury as it flew off into the darkness.
"Uoh!!"
Before Eldrie turned back to me, I jumped up with all my strength from a crouch.
Kicking off the ground twice, I entered the range required by the chain in my right hand. With the chain raised high as though it was carried upon my left shoulder. Having recovered from his moment of agitation, Eldrie pulled back his right hand and the whip that twisted in midair after hitting Eugeo moved out to intercept me.
Even if I were to continue swinging down the chain simplemindedly, it would probably clash against the whip at best or fail to break through the splitting whip's guard, making me the only one to receive a hard blow again at worst. However, I shook off my fear and shifted the focus of my widely opened eyes from the glittering end of the whip to Eldrie's background—the fountain Eugeo fell into.
Shifting your sight away from an opponent during combat was a major prohibition in each and every style taught by the Sword Mastery Academy. Yes, it could be said to be a sort of «taboo». Hence, the swordsmen of this world will never ever do it. Even integrity knights shouldn't be an exception to this rule.
"Nuh...!"
And so, Eldrie let out a low growl as he averted his focus from me, even if it was for a mere instant. He felt that Eugeo who was just knocked down into the fountain had immediately gotten up and started a counterattack. However, that was, of course, an act of deceit through the movement of my eyes with the current circumstances. No matter how sturdy Eugeo was, even he couldn't get up that easily after a blow from a sacred tool.
The pure silver whip jolted slightly from its trajectory in midair, reflecting Eldrie's bewilderment. It passed by several millimeters above my chain without colliding. The reason why I attacked from this somewhat difficult posture of swinging the chain overhead while slanting to the left was for it to go parallel to the whip's trajectory, in a bid to reduce the odds of interception. A method I grasped after having my wooden sword utterly entangled by Liena-senpai's whip.
However, this will not work again. This was the unequivocal final chance.
"Zeiaaaaa——!!"
I used my entire body to swing down the spirit-iron chain with all the fervor in my mind and body.
My aim was a single place out of the knight's whole body: his head, unprotected by the solid silver armor. I do not know whether it was for the sake of drinking wine or if he looked down on us students, but I wasn't nice enough to ignore this opening of not having a helmet equipped. If the heavy and solid chain were to make a direct hit on his unarmored head, he should lose his consciousness, even if he was an integrity knight—
But. Yet again, Eldrie displayed ability and resolution exceeding that of my expectations.
Stretching his left hand out like lightning, he received the chain at a part near its tip, not with the back of his hand that was protected by a gauntlet, but with what peeked out from it: his palm covered by a thin leather glove.
If he used the back of his hand, the chain would rotate with that as a fulcrum and its tip should seize the knight's head, even if it lost a little power. Hence, Eldrie's choice was the right one—but the offensive power of a class 38 iron chain wasn't something a single piece of thin leather could soak up.
"Gu......!"
A restrained moan escaped from the knight the moment he caught the chain. My ears could clearly perceive the sound of several of the bones in his left hand breaking all at once. He would not be able to use that left hand for a while and neither would he throw the sacred tool called «Frost Scale Whip» or something in his right hand onto the ground.
Jumping at him and bringing this into a scuffle. I was initiated in the Serlut-style of «martial arts» by Liena-senpai. Although those gentle techniques focused on locking and choking instead of attacking, that could be considered more effective on my heavily armored enemy.
"Not yet!"
Crying out, I grabbed Eldrie's injured left arm with my empty left hand and stepped in.
"What!"
However. Even if he was the newest integrity knight at number thirty-one, his actions exceeded my predictions yet again.
The left hand that ought to have been broken gripped the chain with intensity and he pulled with all the might he could muster. The start of the chain was connected to the iron ring on my right hand, so my sense of balance was destroyed as I staggered, being forced to spin towards the other direction. I desperately tried to regain my footing, but a vehement yell surged out from Eldrie once again—
"Nuuh!!"
My entire body seemed like it was about to spin about. If I left the situation as it was, I would be placed out of the chain's range while within the whip's. And that guy would never permit me to approach ever again.
I instinctively changed the target of my left hand and grasped the whip held in Eldrie's right hand, instead of his left arm. The «Frost Scale Whip» possessed a countless number of sharp thorns, but there weren't any until about one and a half meter from the grip. I wrapped that part around my arm, making it hard to remove.
With this, as long as Eldrie didn't let go of both the whip in his right hand and the chain in his left, he wouldn't gain any distance from me. Rather, if he were to release only the chain in his left hand, that would only serve to allow me to attack as much as I wanted. The other party probably realized that as well, holding the chain tight once again with his broken left hand.
Eldrie and I were fixed at a short distance of one meter due to those two: the silver whip and the iron chain.
It must be outrageously painful to hold on to the chain with his left hand, but the knight showed practically none of it on his face, whispering in a composed tone even now.
"...It appears that I would have to retract that opinion about overestimating you. I certainly did not think you could inflict this amount of damage upon myself."
"...Well, thanks."
I was actually about to say more in rebuttal, but I didn't want to turn the topic towards the state of our wounds. After all, when comparing Eldrie's fractured left hand and the gash on my chest, the one with a higher rate of Life reduction was mine, with my blood still flowing out. If that guy were to notice, he would probably come up with the strategy of continuing with this deadlock and waiting for my strength to fade.
...No, perhaps he had already noticed. The knight moved his mouth once again with a faint smile.
But the subject spoken of in his words was somewhat unusual for the sake of stalling for time.
"But still, I certainly do draw a curious feeling of déjà vu from that technique... that style of combat."
"Oh now... But that wouldn't be strange or anything. Couldn't you have fought with a swordsman using the Serlut-style like me before?"
"Fm, that would be inconceivable, prisoner. As I have mentioned, I was summoned into this Human World as an integrity knight a mere one month ago."
"......By summon, you mean..."
Just as the conversation was about to proceed, I finally noticed that sound. Or to be accurate, the change in rhythm of a sound I had always been listening to, even now.
A stone statue of Terraria, the god of the land, stood in the middle of the fountain behind Eldrie. The small stream that flowed from the bottle held by the statue had always made a graceful sound as it cascaded into the pond below, but that now sounded like a murmur. This—was a signal. One from my partner, for me.
Eldrie would definitely notice straight away. I would have to take immediate action even while continuing this conversation.
"...You make it sound as though someone called you out into this Human World."
Don't hear it; I took action, rather than speaking it out. That said, I couldn't exactly release the «Frost Scale Whip» entwined around my left hand. There was but one thing I could do; to grip the chain in my right hand—
And pull it back with all my strength!
In response to my sudden movement, Eldrie pulled the chain back in turn. Cling! The chain strained and immediately following that, was torn into two near its middle. The portion deeply whittled away by the whip earlier finally broke under the strain.
"Wha..."
A surprised voice escaped from Eldrie as expected and it occurred next, the instant his posture was crippled.
The one who leapt out from the fountain behind him with a splash was, of course, Eugeo. Getting back on his feet after the pain from the heavy blow to his chest, he was waiting for the chance for an ambush below the small stream that fell into the fountain. The change in the sound of the stream was due to him receiving the water current onto his back.
"Ryaaa!!"
Eugeo swung the chain in his right hand down towards Eldrie's unarmored head while sprinkling drops of water from his entire body.
It was half a second before, when that short verse... no, command, escaped from the knight's mouth.
"Release recollection."
I truly couldn't understand it at all, this time round. But what happened seemed highly impossible considering the shortness of the command, a phenomenon that greatly exceeded the boundaries of sacred arts.
The pure silver whip held tightly in my left hand that Eldrie should neither be able to push nor pull suddenly glowed with a dazzling sheen. Its body was trembling violently in that state as though it came alive—it stretched out with impetuous vigor.
The «Frost Scale Whip» that became a glittering snake drew a beautiful arc as it flew above Eldrie's and my heads and swooped down at the chain held by Eugeo. No, calling it a snake was no longer done metaphorically. I clearly saw those eyes, red like rubies, and that jaw opened wide at the end of the whip.
Biting the end of the chain, the snake pulled Eugeo into the air with it, throwing him onto the stone pavement right beside me. Falling onto his back, Eugeo gave a short groan. Although the damage done on him was probably higher than what was dealt to me, along with that chest injury he received earlier, my partner still tried to get up, determinedly.


However, the sharp point of a sword grazed his wet, flaxen forelocks a moment before he could.
Recovered from his staggering, Eldrie threw the torn chain aside and drew the sword on the left of his waist with his freed left hand, thrusting it at Eugeo. The sword was slender yet glazed in a dignified radiance characteristic of sharp swords and despite how it should have been maddeningly painful just holding onto the sword with that broken hand, the knight merely showed a bit of severity near his brow.
The silver snake that protected its master of its own will—I couldn't see any other possibilities—contracted as it slithered and returned to being a mute whip once again at the end of my left hand. Apparently, the miracle brought about by that mysterious «release recollection» command had a rather short effect duration.
And so, it was a stalemate once again.
Eldrie sealed my left hand away with the whip. I had half of the chain broken off. And Eugeo had his movement sealed with a sword thrust before him. The initiative seemed to lie with Eldrie who succeeded in drawing his sword, but I dare say that he wouldn't be able to do a strong slash with that hand.
A brief period of silence descended upon a section of the piercing cold rose garden right before the break of dawn.
The first to speak this time was Eldrie yet again.
"...Alice-sama was justified in her request for vigilance. Those attacks had no style or anything of that sort... and that was how you surpassed my predictions. I certainly did not think that I would even have to resort to the secret move of «unlocking those memories»."
"Memories...?"
After repeating that in a soft voice, I finally realized those words were the meaning of the mysterious command earlier.
Release was to unlock and recollection was the word for memories. In other words, a ceremony to unlock the memories of a weapon... I suppose?
A weapon's memories. I felt like I had heard that phrase somewhere recently and thought to search through my own memories. However, Eugeo verbalized several unexpected words with a voice and face filled with admiration for some reason before I could.
"You, too... You're just as I expected, integrity knight-dono."
"Th-This isn't any time or place to get all choked up. ...What did you mean by expected?"
I unintentionally replied with a question even though I meant to retort at those words that made it seem as though he knew this knight from the past.
"I thought I had heard that name somewhere from the start. I finally recalled a moment ago. You see, Kirito, this person is—the number one representative swordsman of the Norlangarth North Empire this year. And the champion of the Four Empires Unity Tournament, Eldrie Woolsburg!"
"Wha......"
What did you say; I stared at the face of the integrity knight a meter and a half in front of me once again.
Number one representative of the North Empire. So, in other words, he was the champion of the Empire Swordsmanship Tournament held in the last third of the third month this year. The representative from the Imperial Knight Order who defeated Sortiliena-senpai, a representative from the Sword Mastery Academy, in the first match and Uolo Levanteinn in the second. He was the one who had won through the Four Empires Unity Tournament held in the first third of the fourth month with overwhelming sword strength, obtaining the honor of being the strongest swordsman in the Human World this year and invited to the Central Cathedral—or so I heard.
Come to think of it, I didn't even know the name of that hero. Neither television nor radio existed in this world and the internet was completely out of the question, with the only thing that could be labeled as news media being the primeval weekly wall newspaper, so I inadvertently found going to the bulletin board at the main academy building to be troublesome, but it seems Eugeo made it a point to check it out each week.
"Diligent, aren't you..."
I stopped my thoughts, flustered, after unintentionally whispering that sort of thought out loud. If it was as Eugeo said, that the integrity knight before my eyes, Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one, was the Unity Tournament champion, Eldrie Woolsburg, wouldn't that highlight some peculiarities in his behavior?
I'm sure Eldrie said this a mere few minutes ago. That he was 'summoned into this Human World as an integrity knight merely one month ago'. I would understand if he said that he was appointed as an integrity knight, but... the way he said it was as though......
"......What, did you say?"
Hearing that sudden, hoarse voice, I returned my gaze from my partner on my right, towards the knight in front.
Eldrie—had even more color fade away from his already-pale skin, his purple eyes now ashen were opened extremely wide, as though he had received some sort of incredible shock without our notice. The shade of blood in his quivering lips drained out and words were forced out from them.
"I am... the North Empire, representative swordsman...? Eldrie... Woolsburg...?"
Eugeo was surprised with his mouth agape at that unexpected reaction as well, but immediately nodded and continued.
"Ye... yes, that's right. I'm sure that was written in the newspaper last month. A handsome man with purple hair... winning every match in a single round with an extraordinarily elegant swordsmanship style..."
"No... I am... I am, the integrity knight, Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one! I... don't know anyone of the name, Woolsburg...!"
"B-But..."
Forgetting that we were still in the midst of battle as well, I went for it.
"Still, it's not like you've been an integrity knight ever since you were born. Wasn't that your name before you were appointed as a knight...?"
"I don't know! I... I don't know!!"
Messing up his hair as he shouted, Eldrie's face became increasingly pale, a bizarre light visible in his eyes.
"I... I'd... taken up the invitation from the highest minister, Administrator-sama... summoned to this land from the Celestial World as an integrity knight and..."
His speech stopped thus—
A phenomenon that bewildered Eugeo and me even further had occurred.
A beam of purple light suddenly welled out from the exact center of Eldrie's smooth forehead.
"Gu... uh..."
Strength left Eldrie's right hand as he moaned and I stared at the knight's forehead, even forgetting about snatching away the whip. The shiny object was a small, inverted triangular mark. No, it wasn't simply a symbol. It was gradually rising out from the knight's forehead. The crystal-like, transparent, triangular prism scattered dazzling light as it protruded out centimeter by centimeter.
Fine lines of light ran freely within the triangular prism. When the wedge outside reached as far as five centimeters, the whip and sword finally slipped out of Eldrie's two hands onto the stone pavement.
The knight took a step or two backwards with blank eyes, without even an attempt to look at us, and then knelt down onto the stone pavement like a puppet with its strings cut. The brilliance of the crystal prism from his forehead heightened further and I could even hear a mysterious chiming sound.
It was time to take action. —That's what I thought, but I couldn't make an immediate decision on what exactly it was that I should be doing.
It would be easy to attack. If I were to pick the knight's sword from the ground and slash at his unarmored neck, not only could I render him powerless, I could take his life away.
It was also possible to flee as fast as we could. In the worst case scenario, if it were to serve as an impetus for the knight's consciousness to return, I expect he would go on the offensive for real this time round. Surprise attacks wouldn't work anymore in that situation and we might be the ones to lose all of our Lives.
Lastly, there was also the choice to watch over the outcome as we were doing now, though that would be the most risky.
This phenomenon happening before our very eyes was unmistakably related to the core of the secrets to integrity knights... and thus, the Axiom Church. Why did Alice lose her memories and obtain a different personality? The meaning behind the word, summon, that Eldrie used? If we were to watch this phenomenon to the end with our own eyes, we might find out the explanations behind those riddles.
At any rate, Eugeo wouldn't agree with slashing at Eldrie while he couldn't resist. And even if we were to run, it was no simple matter to escape this rose garden maze.
In that case, let's continue watching while maintaining our vigilance. Concluding so, I crept up to the kneeling knight, before that happened.
Just when I thought the light from the shining triangular prism that protruded a whole five centimeters from his forehead would fade away as it flickered, it reversed and started to sink back into his forehead.
"Ugh..."
I instinctively bit my lips. After all, I was anticipating that something would definitely happen when the triangular prism was entirely drawn out.
"Eldrie! Eldrie Woolsburg!"
When I shouted out, the crystal paused for a single moment, but immediately began moving once more. His previous name was not enough to bring this phenomenon to its conclusion. A more decisive «memory» was necessary.
I turned towards my partner with his eyes open wide at my side and shouted in a subdued voice with that hunch in mind.
"Eugeo, don't you have anything else on Eldrie!? Anything's fine, make this guy recall more of his memories!"
"E-Erm..."
He made a rigid frown for a moment, but Eugeo immediately nodded.
"Eldrie! You're the son of the Imperial Knight Order's general, Eschdol Woolsburg! Your mother's name was... let's see... Almera, yes, her name was Almera!"
"......"
The blank-faced integrity knight's lips slightly quivered in that instant.
"Al... me... ra......"
A frail voice escaped from him while the light from the triangular prism grew in intensity. However, what shocked me further were the large drops of tears, silently overflowing from the knight's widely opened eyes. And that exceedingly weak voice came once again.
"......Mo... the...... er......"
"That's right... remember, all of it!"
I tried to take another step closer as I shouted.
However, I could not. Don! That heavy impact made the ground tremble and I pitched forward.
I was only conscious of the pain, intense enough to blind my eyes, after I looked down and noticed a single arrow pierced deeply into my right foot.
"Guah!"
Unable to withstand it, I blurted out a short scream. Grabbing hold of the bronze-colored arrow with both hands while gasping and pulling with all my might, I almost lost consciousness while assailed by a pain several times that of earlier, but held it down with my teeth clenched.
"Kirito! A-Are you..."
I grasped the chain that hung from Eugeo's right arm without hearing those words to the end and then pulled it with all my strength.
Whoosh, don! Those noises rang out and two arrows pierced through the place Eugeo was a moment ago. I looked up at the sky while jumping aside even further with the chain still in my hand.
I saw a single flying dragon slowly circling about against the backdrop of the starry sky, with signs of the dawn approaching without us having noticed. I could somehow discern a human figure sitting atop the saddle on its back if I were to concentrate. There was no mistaking that it was an integrity knight—but that was astoundingly precise shooting, seeing as the other party was targeting us with a bow while riding a flying dragon, not to mention the distance.
Without even allowing me the time to consider that, the saddled knight drew a gigantic bow. I frantically kicked off the ground with my injured right foot. Two arrows pierced into the stone pavement in front of my eyes without a moment's delay.
"Th-This is bad."
I spluttered while grasping Eugeo's chain. It was the first time I was under attack by bow and arrow in this world. Even the Walking Tactics Manual, Sortiliena-senpai, only went to the extent of using throwing knives as a projectile weapon, so I figured that long range attacks didn't suit the nature of swordsmen in the Underworld, but it appeared that anything goes for integrity knights.
I couldn't quite take my eyes off the flying dragon, so I sketched out the surroundings in my mind, but there wasn't a single place that could shelter both of our bodies. Even if we were to dive into the rose thicket twining about the bronze fences, we probably wouldn't be able to hide ourselves entirely. Aside from that, there was only—
"No choice but to run! Run if you can dodge the next arrow!"
Whispering so after turning to Eugeo, my entire body tensed up in preparation for the arrow.
However, the new integrity knight ceased firing for the time being and the flying dragon began to circle as it descended. A booming voice ran through the fountain plaza several seconds later.
"Criminals, keep your distance from Integrity Knight Thirty-one!"
Upon taking a glimpse at Eldrie instinctively, the triangular prism that almost fell out from him after all our trouble was returning into his forehead.
"I can spare you forgiveness no longer, for your deplorable attempts at soliciting a venerable integrity knight into depravity! I will shoot through your four limbs and send you back into jail!"
A faint beam of dawn light shone in from the east at that time, illuminating the flying dragon in the sky. The straddling integrity knight was entirely covered in silver, heavy armor, much like Eldrie's, and carrying a gigantic longbow of red steel in the left hand. That was likely a sacred tool just like the «Frost Scale Whip». We would only know whether that formidable precise shooting was due to the «full control art» or a display of the knight's true ability from now on.
The hulking knight spoke no more and nocked four arrows onto the red bow at the same time.
"Ru... run!"
It was no longer possible to dodge the shots after confirming them via sight with only this much distance. I dashed with all my might while holding onto Eugeo's chain. I could feel an intense pain from the injuries on my chest and right foot with each step, but I couldn't simply stop there. Eugeo followed behind with his audible, frantic breathing.
I did think about fleeing back to the underground jail we were first in, but even if we could avoid the shots that way, it was no solution to the problem at hand. I ran towards the gate south of the plaza, knowing it would be the end if we collided into a dead-end within the maze.
Before we could take much more than a few steps, multiple loud thuds repeatedly rang out from behind.
"Uowaah!"
Without being sure whether my howl was a scream or a war cry, I placed my entire focus into running. Although the fences that stood at both sides of the passage hid us depending on the angle, we couldn't help but show ourselves at crossroads and such and several arrows would immediately flood into our surroundings.
"How many arrows does that knight have!"
Shouting out in irritation and confusion, Eugeo who ran behind dependably answered.
"It went over thirty after the one earlier, that's amazing!"
"This isn't some half-baked MMO... sorry, ignore that!"
It seemed I had lost my sense of direction. But I could feel a pull near my forelocks whenever we approached a junction for some reason, so I turned right or left according to that while continuing to sprint with all I had. It looked like we had somehow maintained a constant distance from the flying dragon for now, but there was nothing more we could do if we ran into a dead-end even once—
It had nothing to do with the negative thoughts and such that ran through my mind, but as I turned to the left at the 9nth fork, the effect of the mysterious divine protection finally wore out. The road ended as a heartless dead-end ten meters ahead.
Now that it came to this, there was no other way than to break through the metal fence with the chain on my right hand, reduced to half of its length after it broke, but its priority was close to that of the chain as I had checked earlier. The chance of it breaking with a single hit was exceedingly low.
However, there was already no other choice. Gathering my resolve, I was about to leave it all to fate and swing my right hand when it happened.

"Oi, scoot hither!"

Hearing that voice that came from nowhere, I collapsed as my stream of thoughts ceased in that instant. After all, in contrast to the manner of speech characteristic of the elderly in using 'scoot hither', the voice was clearly that of a young girl.
When I ran my sight through my surroundings while decelerating, I saw an unnoticed door in the right side of the fence in front. The one who beckoned with her hand from there while her face peeked through was someone who could be described as nothing but a girl of around ten years old as expected, wearing a large black hat.
The small, round spectacles on her nose glittered in the light and the girl vanished through the other side of the door. I was momentarily at a loss whether it was a trap or not. But a whole bunch of my forelocks were pulled forward with much strength at that time. As if it was scolding me, 'What are you doing, hurry up and get in!'.
Eugeo and I plunged into the darkness beyond the door in a feverish daze.
Part 3[edit]
Beyond the door was a space with a breadth and depth defying my expectations
"Waaaah!?"
I somersaulted forward through the air thrice while that shameful scream escaped from me. Right after that, I fell onto my back on a slightly elastic ground. A huge bounce later, I thumped onto the ground with my rear-end this time around.
Eugeo immediately fell beside me in a similar manner. We both shook our heads countless times and then glanced around the area upon regaining our sense of balance.
".........What?"
Eugeo's unusual utterance was perfectly understandable. We should have just passed through an open door in that rose garden fence. As such, nothing but that maze earlier could have been on its other side.
However, the walls and ceiling surrounding the hallway we now sat in were covered in antiquated wooden boarding with the floor wooden as well. The elasticity I felt when I fell was due to the planks below. Our Lives would have reduced a lot if it were paved in stone like in the rose garden.
The hallway continued on for another ten meters or so with a warm orange light flickering at its end. Even the surrounding air changed from the chilly and damp night air we had felt just a moment ago to one filled with a dry smell reminiscent of timeworn paper.
Just where was this... or so I thought, before I heard a metallic crunch from above, behind me. A tremendously steep staircase came into my view upon turning around, with a small door and a short human form visible at its top.
I forgot about even my whip-struck chest and arrow-pierced right foot, got up unsteadily and carefully ascended the wooden staircase. The door within my vision should have been formed by a bronze grate before we passed through it, but it was now wooden like the walls and floor. However, in contrast with the antiquated hallway, the door alone was made from brand new plain wood for some reason.
Three steps away from the top, the shadow with its back to us swiftly raised its right hand as a command to me. That hand held an excessively huge bunch of keys made from brass, giving the impression that it had just pulled them from the door's keyhole that was just as large. I believe that metallic noise several seconds ago was this person locking the door.
"...Erm..."
'Where is this place and who are you?', I noticed the noise the moment I was about to ask that question. The noise was of some small and rigid being creeping about, rustling and creaking, immediately on the other side of the locked door. Goosebumps stood up on the skin of my arms.
"...Thats been detected, huh. This backdoor will no longer work anymore."
The mysterious person murmured, then hushed, and waved its right hand once again as if to urge me forward. I reluctantly postponed my question and descended all the way to the hallway yet again. Eugeo was already on his feet when I returned to his side, and upon turning about, that mysterious person was just about to complete the descent.
As there wasn't any sort of illumination aside from the light from the end of the hallway faintly shining this way around us, I couldn't make out much more than a silhouette. A greatly inflated hat upon the head and a magician-like robe covering that small frame. The bunch of keys in its right hand and a staff longer than its own height in the left.
That staff—that magic staff of sorts turned towards us and swung once, as if to urge us on. And simultaneously, a voice.
"Goodness, quit your dilly-dallying and get in! This place is going down with the passage!"
This couldn't be anything but a young girl as I thought, but she somehow exuded more of an aura of solemnity than Azurika-sensei from the Sword Mastery Academy, and Eugeo and I walked towards the light in a panic. Getting out of the short passage in short order, we exited into a strange location.
It was a considerably wide, square-shaped room. Many lamps were mounted on the wall, with the warmly-tinted flames flickering away. There was nothing else that could be termed furniture, with only a single thick, wooden door visible on the opposing wall.
More than ten hallways like the one we came through were lined up on the other three walls. Judging from a peek at the one right next to us, I saw a staircase and small door at its end as expected.
As Eugeo and I glanced through our surroundings, the robed girl who followed behind swiveled and raised the staff towards the hallway.
"There."
That cute—or perhaps, elderly yell accompanied a quick wave.
I figured there wouldn't be any more surprises in store, but the next phenomenon dumbfounded us yet again. The wallboards on the left and right were just pushed out one after another from the side furthest from us as they made banging noises, and caused tremors as they joined together, didn't they?
The ten-meter-long hallway was shut away in mere seconds and at the end, only a plain wall remained after the boards that protruded from the top, bottom, left and right met. There was no trace of the hallway that was there a moment ago, not even a single indent.
Even if it was a sacred art, it had to be a considerably large-scale, high ranking one. A long ceremony recital and a high system access authority should be necessary to move the combined mass of all those objects. The surprising part was that the mysterious girl executed all of that with a single yell going, "There". In the first place, she didn't even utter a single syllable of 'system call'. Not to mention how without exception that phrase had to precede each and every sacred art, according to the academy's teachings.
"Hmph."
The girl made a soft sigh through her nose and upon thrusting the staff into the ground as though she was utterly used to this sort of situation, she finally turned to us.
Taking another look at her in the ample lighting, she appeared to be a young, doll-like, cute girl. The black robe with a velvet-like luster and the large hat made from the same material made her look more like an elderly scholar than a magician, but the chestnut, curly hair peeking from the edges of her hat and that milky skin gave off a youthful radiance.
The girl's most striking feature were her eyes. Those eyes, fringed by long eyelashes, beyond those round glasses worn daintily on her nose were brown like her hair, but they somehow gave an overwhelming presence of knowledge and wisdom. Simply looking at those eyes made one feel as though they were sucked into a depth with no definite end. It was utterly impossible to predict what she was thinking through them.
Anyway— This girl certainly did save us from the integrity knight's assault, so let's express some gratitude, I thought as I lowered my head.
"Err... thanks for saving us."
"I've yet to see if you lot are worth the whole kerfuffle, though."
This must be what it meant to be curt. I had learnt that it was better to leave negotiations with unfamiliar faces to Eugeo from the experiences we had while travelling, so I jabbed him into bearing the brunt of the conversation with my elbow.
Urged forward, Eugeo gave a bow with his hair still wet and then started with a self-introduction.
"Well... Nice to meet you, my name is Eugeo and this is Kirito. Thank you very much for your assistance. Err... do you live in this room?"
It seems my partner was rather muddled up as well. The girl made a stunned expression, and then raised her pince-nez glasses before she replied.
"How could that even possibly be the case now. ...Come."
Making a noise with the bottom end of the staff, she turned towards the large door through the wall in front and began walking. We followed behind in a fluster, saw the door open up by itself with a single swing from the staff, and fulfilled our duty of being surprised yet again.
Having passed through the door after the girl, Eugeo and I chalked up another stroke to the number of times we were shocked ever since we entered this enigmatic place and stood in amazement.
It was an absurd spectacle. If I were to express it in a single term—super-humongous-library-room.
The world that was comprised entirely of «bookshelves and books» spread out infinitely. The overall space was shaped as a cylinder, but many layers of staircases and passages were built on the walls' surfaces, with myriad upon myriad of bookshelves lined up on one side or both. The distance between the floor we stood at now and the canopy on the other side of the long gallery that stretched out like a multi-story maze was easily forty meters at least. It would probably correspond to a ten-story building in the real world. I couldn't even begin to estimate the total number of books stowed away in the shelves.
No matter how I thought about it, there wasn't a building capable of containing this library room in that rose garden. While looking up at the canopy sunk in a faint darkness, I asked in a hoarse voice.
"Is... is this already inside the Central Cathedral?"
"You could say that, but that's not entirely true."
I realized the girl's voice had a faintly satisfied tone in it.
"As I've purged that original door, this Great Library Room does exist within the cathedral, yet it's not like every other person is able to enter. Not without an invitation from me, that is."
"Great... Library Room...?"
Eugeo murmured, still dumbfounded as he looked around.
"Yes. This place stores the records of all history since the creation of this world, the structural formulae of all that exist, and all of those system commands that you lot name sacred arts."
......System commands, she says!?
I couldn't immediately believe what my own ears had heard and stared fixedly on the girl's face. Words escaped from my half-open lips, partly by themselves.
"Wh... who exactly... are you?"
The girl then, with a smile that practically said that she understood the shock I felt and the reason behind it, stated her name.

"My name is «Cardinal». I was the one who once regulated the world and now serve as the one and only librarian of this Great Library Room."

—Cardinal.
As far as I knew, that name held three different meanings.
The first, a high ranking position of the Catholic Church in the real world. They were called suukikyou in Japanese.
Second, the name of a bird in the Fringillidae family[4]. Shuujyoukoukanchou in Japanese, feathers grew over its entire body, scarlet like a Catholic cardinal's miter, the source of its name.
And the third—the highly functional autonomous program developed by Kayaba Akihiko for administrating VRMMO games, the «Cardinal System». Its first version was used in SAO, superbly regulating the balance behind the generation of currency, items and monsters within Aincrad, wrapping us players around its little finger.
Kayaba scanned his own brain with a STL prototype and died after SAO was cleared, but he shrunk the Cardinal System and compiled «The Seed», a development support package for the generic VRMMO before that.
The Seed was sent to bud far and wide on the internet by the will of the replicated thoughts program left behind by Kayaba in digital space and ended up managing Gun Gale Online and many other games. I had a hand in the free redistribution of The Seed as well and had pondered on the digital Kayaba's true motive for the longest time, but in the end couldn't reach a satisfying conclusion. I doubt that man of all people would make a development environment completely free for merely a reason like atoning for the SAO incident, but...
At any rate, was the girl in front of my eyes right now the Cardinal System in a human form?
It was perfectly possible that she was an artificial fluctlight with a high position in the Axiom Church with the name, «Cardinal». But the girl certainly said that she was once «the one who regulated» the world. Not one who led or ruled, but one who regulated, Cardinal.
But why was the Cardinal System in this world? Was the Underworld put together by utilizing The Seed? Even if that was so, why would the regulation system that should work entirely in the background, the «unseen hand of God», assume a human form? Unlike «Yui», the counseling program, Cardinal should not have any ability to converse with players itself.
As I stood still, toying with the endless questions I had, Eugeo spoke in a quivering voice by my side, perhaps struck with surprise in his own way too.
"All... history...? The chronicles of the founding of the four empires are all here...?"
"That's not all to it. Even the history of the world's creation from when the gods, Stacia and Vector, divided it into the Human World and the Dark Territory are recorded here."
Eugeo the history lover made a face as though he was about to swoon while swaying side-to-side at the girl's words. The mysterious girl possessing the name, Cardinal, pushed the glasses on her nose up with a somewhat mischievous smile.
"My story will take some time, so how about some food and rest before that? If you wish, you may even read the books on those shelves. Whichever you like, as many as you like."
There; and with a wave of her staff, a small, round table appeared from the floor at the side as though it protruded out. The plates on the table had sandwiches, manjuu, sausages, fried pastries and the like, with plenty of steam rising up.
It was a compelling stimulation to our stomachs, having only sipped at the watery soup and gnawed at the rock hard bread from yesterday night, but it appears Eugeo felt guilty for enjoying feasts or reading books while on a rescue mission for Alice. He looked at me with conflicting emotions, so I shrugged my shoulders and voiced out words that sounded a little like excuses.
"Despite how tough the battle against Eldrie was when he was alone, it becomes impossible to break through if you add in that bow-wielding integrity knight riding on that flying dragon. Let's rest a little and revise our tactics. This place does seem safe and our Lives fell by quite a bit, after all."
"Yes. As there are charms cast over it, those wounds will immediately heal as well if you eat. Before that, both of you, hold out your right hands."
Eugeo and I obediently presented our shackled right hands at the girl's words that gave no leeway for refusal. With two waves of the staff onto them, the grim iron rings broke much too easily, falling onto the ground with the chains.
Eugeo appeared even more conflicted while stroking his wrist that had attained freedom after roughly two whole days, but suddenly let out a big sneeze. Thinking back about it, he fell into the fountain headfirst during the battle with Eldrie and had his entire body drenched. At this rate, the possibility of the flu bad status being imposed upon him was high.
"...It appears you would do best to warm up that body before having a meal. It may be narrow, but there is a proper bathroom at the end of the passage, so go. The food and books won't be running away."
Perhaps he thought that he really shouldn't be sleeping here, so Eugeo finally nodded apologetically.
"...Thank you, kindly allow me to take you up on your offer then, Ca... Cardinal-san. Erm... roughly where are those records of the world's creation?"
Cardinal lifted up the stick, and then pointed out a corner with a noticeably more crowded set of large bookshelves, rather high up.
"The history gallery is beyond that staircase."
"Thank you very much! ...Then, please excuse me."
Giving a curt bow, Eugeo sneezed once more before he quickly vanished into the passage between the bookshelves.
Cardinal watched him go from behind and muttered in a whisper.
"...Regrettably, the records of the world's creation here are written by scribes, as dictated by the highest minister of the Axiom Church."
I turned towards the girl's large hat and lowered my voice as I asked.
"...Then there really aren't any gods in this world? No Stacia, no Solus, no Terraria... and no Vector either?"
"They don't exist."
Cardinal's reply was extremely succinct.
"The legends believed by the masses of the Underworld were fabricated and propagated for no more than the sake of establishing the church's rule. The gods' names are registered as super-accounts for emergencies, but not a single human from outside has ever logged in for that purpose."
Trifling as it was, a part of my doubts disappeared with those words. Looking intently into those burnt-brown eyes, I spoke.
"You aren't an inhabitant of the Underworld, huh. You're similar to those from outside of this world... someone like a system supervisor."
"Yes. And that applies to you as well, unregistered one, Kirito."
"......Aah, that's true."
It had been two years and two months since I woke up in this world. I had always maintained the unshakable conviction that this was not a true parallel world, but a virtual world generated by humans of the real world.
An intense, strong emotion that even I didn't expect welled up from within myself and I took a deep breath, and then exhaled it. There were too many questions that I should ask, making it difficult to choose one to start with. However, there was one that I must confirm before all other.
"The ones who created the Underworld are called Rath... R, a, t, h. Is that right?"
"Indeed."
"And you are the Cardinal System. An autonomous program with the purpose of regulating the virtual world."
The girl's eyes slightly twitched open the moment I said so.
"My, so you know about that. So you've come into contact with those of my kind on that side?"
"...Well, yeah."
That's putting it lightly. In a certain sense, it could have been said to be my ultimate enemy in those two years I fought in Aincrad. But she probably wouldn't be able to relate to that even if I talked about it.
"Still... as far as I know, the Cardinal System shouldn't have a personified interface packaged with it. Just... what are you? What are you doing in a place like this?"
Cardinal gave a faint wry smile at my consecutive questions. While pushing the curly, chestnut hair that drooped onto her forehead into her hat with her fingertips, she spoke in a voice that was sweet yet seasoned.
"Telling that story would take a long... a very long time. The reason behind why I am isolating myself in this library room... the reason behind why I am waiting for contact with you... the story behind it would take longer than you could imagine..."
She kept silent, as though she was seized by anxiety, for an instant, but immediately raised her face and continued.
"I shall summarize it as much as I can. ...Firstly, eat; those wounds hurt, do they not?"
I had completely forgotten about the pain after all these developments that were beyond my wildest expectations, but my chest struck by Eldrie's whip and my right foot pierced by the archer throbbed the instant it was pointed out.
Doing as I was told, I took one of the piping hot meat manjuu from the table, opened my mouth wide, and bit into it. Its taste surpassed or at least wasn't inferior to those meat buns from Gottlo's store that I tended to buy and eat on the go when I sneaked out of the Sword Mastery Academy, and I ended up greedily stuffing my cheeks in a trance. Perhaps due to some sort of command inserted into it, each bite made the pain fade away and even healed the wounds.
"...As expected of the supervisor... Able to manipulate even the parameters of food, huh?"
Upon murmuring in wonder, Cardinal made a hmph sound through her nose.
"You're mistaken on two counts. I am currently not the supervisor. And all I can manipulate are the objects within this library room."
Swiveling behind just like that, she walked towards a passage that bent with the wall. I rushed to carry as many manjuu and sandwiches as I could before checking the passage that linked to the bathroom on the other side. Much time needed to be spent warming up to prevent the flu status, so Eugeo shouldn't be getting out for a while...
"......Nn? Wait... if you can heal wounds through food, shouldn't it be possible to prevent flu that way too?"
When I pointed that out, Cardinal turned to me for an instant and grinned. She apparently wanted to take Eugeo out of the picture for a bit, using the bath as an excuse.
Proceeding onwards behind the unexpectedly scheming sage, we encountered frequent forks and slopes, one after another, making me rapidly lose track of our location within the Great Library Room. When the magical food that I sloppily ate on the way had nearly run out, a circular space surrounded by bookshelves appeared in our path. In its middle was a single table with two antiquated chairs encircling it.
Airily sitting down upon one of the chairs, Cardinal pointed her staff at the opposite one without any further words. I, too, sat down as instructed.
In that moment, two cups of tea appeared on the table. Cardinal held up the cup in front of herself and drank a mouth of it before she calmly began the conversation.
"Have you ever thought about this? About the reason for the existence of feudalism in this peaceful artificial world."
I recalled the meaning of the unfamiliar word from Cardinal's lips was «feudalism», but it still took about two seconds.
Feudalism. It was a governance structure where land was held by nobles as lords and a ruler who reigned over them. In short, the type of setting common in fantasy novels and games—that said, it's more uncommon to find those that don't use it—involving emperors, kings, earls, barons, etc; a class system like that of the Middle Ages.
There was no doubt that the Underworld used a world setup imaged on Europe in the Middle Ages, so I had never felt the existence of nobles and emperors to be out of place. Hence, I was at a complete loss for words at Cardinal's question.
"Why... well... that's because the creators designed it that way, isn't it?"
"Nay."
The ends of Cardinal's small lips faintly showed signs of twisting into a smile with her immediate rebuttal, as though she predicted my answer.
"The humans from outside that gave life to this world prepared nothing more than a mere vessel. The ones who produced the current societal structure were no other than its inhabitants, the masses of the Underworld."
"I see..."
True, this wasn't a story for Eugeo's ears.
After slowly nodding, I finally remembered something I had to make sure of, first of all. The girl recognized the existence of Rath in the real world. If that's the case, she...
"Wa-Wait a minute. Are you able to contact the real world? Do you have the means to communicate with the other side?"
I eagerly asked, but Cardinal denied it, disconcerted.
"Fool, if I was capable of that, I wouldn't have been shut in a dusty place like this for hundreds of years. Unfortunately, that person is the only one who holds the means... no one other than the highest minister."
"I... I see..."
I was curious in who exactly that highest minister was supposed to be as well, but I figured to leave it aside for now and placed my bets on the last sliver of hope.
"Then, at least tell me what month and day it is in the real world right now... or maybe where is my body in the real world right now..."
"I apologize; I am unable to access the system domain as I am now. Even the scope of the data domain I am able to browse is of nothing more than an insignificant amount. I am an existence far more powerless in comparison to the Cardinal you knew of on the other side."
I, too, felt bad looking at Cardinal, who had a depressed expression that suited her age, perhaps due to the shame from that fact, and exaggeratedly shook my head.
"No, just knowing the real world exists was more than I could ask for. I apologize for butting in the conversation... erm, you were talking about the reason behind the feudalism?"
Returning to the topic, I pondered for a short while before continuing.
"That would be... because someone had to supervise over the preservation of public order, allocation of products, and things like that, wouldn't it?"
"Fm. However, you ought to know this as well. The inhabitants of this world generally do not oppose the law. There are no acts of causing hurt, robbery or monopolization of crops. Diligence and impartiality are deeply ingrained, so wouldn't developing into a communist society serve it better? Do you believe that this world with a population of merely a hundred thousand or so require a class system as excessive as to involve the presence of four emperors and over a thousand nobles who label themselves aristocrats?"
"A hundred thousand..."
This was the total population of the Underworld that I now found out for the first time. Cardinal said "merely", but I, on the other hand, was surprised by its enormity. Rather than a research into artificial intelligence, this was already a true simulation of a civilization.
But certainly, twenty five thousand subjects ruled over by a single emperor utterly paled in comparison with the Roman Empire or the Franks of ancient times. So I suppose it would have been more believable for this feudalism to be created based on an example from reality, rather than arising from some sort of need.
And once again, Cardinal threw more unanticipated words at me, when I cocked my head in puzzlement.
"I mentioned that gods do not exist in this world earlier. However, during the creation of the world—four hundred and fifty years in the past, there were some who resembled them. Back when Central Centoria was merely a small village... there were four of those «gods»."
"Eh, four hundred and fifty years? Wasn't it three hundred and eighty? I mean, right now, it's Human World Calendar..."
The sage shrugged her shoulders in exasperation at my slightly off-topic question.
"I do believe I said this earlier; that creation myth was a literary work of the Church. The origin of the current calendar is nothing more than one fabricated after that era."
"I-Is that so? So... you were talking about those four «gods»? They were definitely human... the staff from Rath that created this world?"
It seems I gave the proper response this time round, as Cardinal nodded with a faint smile.
"Oh, so you've figured that much out, haven't you."
"...The chicken should have come before the egg in this world, after all. There were some who raised up the artificial fluctlight babies at the start... otherwise, there would be no explanation for why they are able to speak and write in Japanese here."
"That is a logical deduction. It is exactly as you have said. In the beginning... when I was still the supervisor without a consciousness of my own, four from the outside world made their way to this land and brought up eight «children» as farming families in two houses. From reading and writing, cultivation of crops, rearing of livestock... to what would become the basis of the Taboo Index later, the morality of good and evil."
"They were truly gods... the responsibilities must have been huge. A single careless word would have influenced the fate of human society later on."
Cardinal nodded with an exceedingly stern face when I said «'a single careless word'».
"Indeed. I have deliberated over this and arrived at a single conclusion only after being confined within this library room, but... getting to the point, why would feudalism exist in this world that originally had no need for it? Should an aberrant law system like the Taboo Index and moreover, the nobles who make use of its loopholes for their own profits and pleasure exist? There is no longer a single answer to those questions."
While pushing up those small round glasses, the girl continued in her dignified voice.
"It was also clear that the «original four» had an intellect of the highest grade as humans, seeing as they brilliantly accomplished the difficult mission they were charged with. Concurrently, they gave the Underworld inhabitants an innate sense of virtue, so they must have been ethically respectable as well. However, that did not apply to all four of them."
"...What did you say...?"
"There was a single one who had excellent intellect, but lacked ethics. That person «corrupted» them, so to speak. One or two among those children brought up. It was likely unintentional, but... still, one's true nature cannot be hidden. Greed that served their own self-interest, such as the desire for wealth and dominance, got handed down as well. Those children became the ancestors. Of the nobles and emperors ruling the current Human World and the higher ministers of the Axiom Church..."
Lacked ethics... she said?
In short, the source of the malice held by some of the nobles was due to someone within Rath's core staff? And that evil was mentally inherited down the generations and in the end, gave birth to humans like Raios Antinous and Humbert Zizek, huh.
I could feel a sudden chill sweeping through my whole body. In the real world, I was linked up to the STL at Rath's headquarters somewhere, unconscious. I couldn't help but shiver at the thought that a person with the same nature as Raios might be prowling about right beside me.
Did I know that person? I tried to call to mind the faces of the staff in Rath in my memory, but the only ones who immediately appeared were the researcher-in-charge, Higa Takeru, and the mysterious government worker who introduced me to Rath, Kikuoka Seijirou. Of course, there were several other staff members at the Rath branch in Roppongi, but I had nothing but indistinct memories of them. At any rate, my part-time job at Rath was over two years ago in the past from my point of view.
The question was whether that person merely had strong egoism and greed, or if that person sneaked into Rath while hiding some sort of motive. Making off with the research and selling it off, or perhaps... something like sabotage?
"Cardinal... do you know the names of those «original four»?"
Unfortunately, the girl slowly shook her head at my question.
"The authority to access the entire system domain is required to find that out."
"No... I'm sorry for asking things like that over and over again."
Anyway, nothing could be done even if I knew their names right now. The need to gain the means of contacting the other side certainly did strengthen, though.
Shifting my weight onto the back of the chair, I took a sip of the sweet-smelling tea before returning to the topic.
"I see... If only a small portion among the Underworld populace possess a desire for dominance, it's only natural for them to be the elites. It'll be like mixing lions into a herd of gazelles."
"And they are similar to an irremovable virus program too. When a child is born from its parents in this world, it inherits not only their outer appearances, but their natures as well, you see. The lower class nobles who often married with commoners did dilute their egoism, however..."
I recalled the sense of justice and benevolence of the sixth class aristocrats, Ronye and Tiezé, which was truly worthy of respect with those words from Cardinal.
"So that means... that on the other hand if marriages between fellow nobles were to continue , they would keep their egoism, that's how it is?"
"Indeed. That essence is within the four imperial families and the higher ministers of the church. And standing at the summit of that entire lot is the absolute ruler of this Human World... the highest minister of the Axiom Church and even the system supervisor at this current point, a single woman. She calls herself by a name, arrogant beyond all others, «Administrator»."
"Admini... strator."
Its meaning in English was «administrator» and it was also the term used to denote a «supervisor» in certain operating systems; I softly repeated the name. Come to think of it, I seem to recall Integrity Knight Eldrie speaking out that name when he caused that mysterious phenomenon that released light. In other words, the entity whom the integrity knights swore fealty to was the highest minister, Administrator... that's how it was?
Upon reaching that point in my thoughts, I finally noticed the presence of another important bit of information within Cardinal's words.
"Eh... y-you said she was female? That highest minister?"
I had held the preconception that the one at the top of the Axiom Church was an elderly male since a pretty long time ago, but it appears that was wrong. Cardinal nodded and added a scowl that would lose to no other.
"Indeed, that is so. And... although I find it repulsive, that person could be said to be my elder twin sister as well."
"What... what do you mean?"
Unable to grasp the notion, I replied thusly, but the sage who had assumed the form of a girl did not seem like she would be answering anytime soon.
As though she were disgusted with herself, she gazed at her own white, slender right hand for a while before languidly opening her mouth.
"...I shall speak of it in turn... It was roughly three and a half hundred years ago when the absolute governing organization, the Axiom Church, was formed. In other words, that would be a hundred years after the start of the simulation, you see. Humans of the Human World married at around twenty years old at that time and bore an average of five children, so those of the fifth generation had already exceeded six hundred. Adding their parents and their generation would bring it close to a thousand, though..."
"Wa-Wait a minute. In the first place, what are the systems for marriage and childbirth in this world?"
I panicked upon realizing it wasn't a good question for a girl around ten years old, regardless of her actual age, after I had instinctively asked, grasping at the opportunity to resolve a question I had had for two years. Still, Cardinal replied breezily, without raising a single eyebrow.
"I am unable to affirm without the proper knowledge on acts of reproduction between humans in the real world, but the deed itself should be much the same as in reality, judging from the structural principles of fluctlights. Only after a male-female couple who have registered a marriage in the system accomplishes the deed, will there be a certain probability for the mother to become pregnant. To be specific, a new fluctlight model will be loaded into an empty cube within the Light Cube Cluster, with a part of the parents' external elements and their patterns of thoughts and character inserted, which is then created as a newborn baby."
"H-Hah, I see... What did you mean by marriage registration?"
"It's a simple system command. It takes the form of pledging a marriage to the god, Stacia. The village chief would be the one to conduct it in the original era, but after churches were established in the various areas, the ceremonies were held only by the monks or nuns there."
"Hmm...... —Ah, sorry for going off topic. Please continue your story."
Cardinal gently nodded and resumed the explanation at my insistence.
"Decades after the «original four» logged out, the inhabitants that had reached a thousand in number were already ruled by several lords. As those that had inherited the weapon named egotism from their ancestors earnestly continued to expand the land they owned, they ended up depriving the youth of nearby land for them for cultivation as tenant farmers. There were some among them not content with their social positions and they set off from central, cultivating new lands in remote regions as well, though."
"I see, so those youths built up towns and villages like Zakkaria and Rulid."
"That's right. ...The lords that ruled over central naturally held enmity for each other, so there was a long period of time without marriages between them. However, once something similar to a political marriage between two families of lords happened for the first time... as a result, a single female baby was born. That baby had a lovely appearance, like that of angels, and possessed a level of egotism higher than any seen before among all of the fluctlights in the Underworld... She was named Quinella."
A light drifted around Cardinal's eyes that stared into space as though they were wandering through the far-off past.
The flames of the various lamps mounted in between the bookshelves surrounding the small room cast intricate shadows over the girl's pale cheeks. Within the tranquility where one could even hear a pin drop, a gentle voice, yet tinged with sorrow, flowed on.
"At that time, the one who assigned the sacred tasks for the children in Centoria—it was already at a scale closer to a town than a village by then—was the one and only lord, Quinella's father. Upon reaching ten years of age, Quinella showed talent in various fields, swordsmanship and sacred arts, song and weaving; everyone thought she would serve her time finely, whichever task it was. However, because of that—her father thought the beautiful Quinella was too dear to work outside in the town..."
Cardinal showed a faint, wretched smile.
"Foolish possessiveness. So that Quinella may be within his grasp at any time, he bestowed a sacred task that did not exist until then, «sacred arts research», upon his daughter. Quinella demonstrated her intelligence freely, deep within her residence and started on the analysis of sacred arts... or in other words, system commands. Until then, the Underworld inhabitants knew only the mere fundamental commands, without a single person considering the meaning behind the terms making up each command. That was sufficient, for day-to-day purposes, at least."
True, Eugeo and the other villagers back when I was at Rulid Village did nothing more than pulling out the «Stacia Window» for checking Life.
"However... Quinella, possessing an alarming amount of tenacity and insight as a child, continued her analysis on the meaning of the terms used in commands. On the words, «generate», «element», and «object», for example, from a wondrous parallel world. And with several extremely fundamental commands as the base, Quinella finally worked out the «Thermal Arrow» art through her own efforts. The system commands that were originally a tool for nothing more than making life convenient became an offensive art to injure live targets. —Now, Kirito."
Suddenly called out, I blinked as I looked into Cardinal's face.
"Do you understand the reason why your sacred arts usage authority level... in other words, the value of your «system access authority» greatly increased?"
"Aah... well, more or less. It's probably because I fought monsters... a group of goblins in a cave and drove them away."
"Indeed, that was it. This world was originally designed for its inhabitants to battle with invading enemies from outside to strengthen oneself. That would be needed only after it enters the «load experimental phase», however... At any rate, to raise one's authority level, there is no choice but to defeat enemies from outside or through steady usage of the commands. Quinella found out that arrangement on her own at the slender age of eleven. When she tested shooting the flame arrows at the harmless kintobi foxes within the forest near her home as targets, that is..."
"...So, that means the targets to defeat for raising one's authority are not limited to enemies from outside... the monsters in the land of darkness...?"
"Indeed. the so-called «experience point increase» occurs whenever any sort of mobile unit, including humans, are annihilated. Of course, the humans in this world do not murder other humans and most humans wouldn't try to kill harmless animals either. However, it is difficult for those who strongly possess the genes of nobility. They hunt for sport and as a result, strengthened that authority without the intention to... But the one who carried it out with a clear intent was the eleven year old Quinella."
Cutting off her words for the time being there, Cardinal gently held the tea cup to her lips. With it still engulfed in her two hands, she quietly resumed talking.
"...Having noticed that the sacred art usage authority rose with the murder of beasts, the girl sneaked out from home each night and continued the slaughter without alarming her family or the villagers. I would have trembled at Quinella's actions if I had a consciousness back when I controlled the Underworld. The girl emotionlessly... no, she might have felt a sort of euphoria as she cleared off all of the wild beast units near Centoria in a single night. The deceased units were replenished as long as the system commanded it... and were utterly annihilated once again the next night..."
—To a VRMMO gamer like myself, that should have been an extremely typical course of action. During the SAO era, I repeated that sort of «hunt» every single day and strengthened my own status. That was the basic nature of MMOs.
However, cold sweat now ran down my back after hearing Cardinal's words.
A young girl wandering about in a dark forest late at night, wearing pajamas and indifferently incinerating any animals she found to death. No single word but «nightmare», was fit to describe that image.
As though infected by my dread, Cardinal exerted even more force in holding the cup between her two hands.
"Quinella's authority level continued to rise indefinitely. Making steady progress on the analysis of commands as well, the girl eventually became able to handle numerous kinds of arts that the masses back then felt were similar to miracles, such as Life recovery and weather prediction. The inhabitants of Centoria believed Quinella was a child sent by the gods and revered her, her father was the first to do so. ...Reaching thirteen years of age, Quinella possessed a truly divine beauty. Showing her gentle smile, Quinella realized it was time to fully satisfy her endless desire for domination. Rather than ownership over land like lords; and rather than practicing the sword like warriors; she went with a definite, powerful method... deceiving with the name of god..."
Having cut off her speech, Cardinal shifted her vision upwards—towards the faraway canopy high up in the Great Library Room, or perhaps the real world that lay beyond it.
"It was the greatest blunder made by the humans who constructed this world. To explain away the inexplicable effects of the system commands with a concept like «god». In my opinion... an existence like god is a drug too benign for those living beings known as humans. Soothing all pain, pardoning all acts of cruelty. Fortunately, I cannot hear the voice of god with my lack of emotions..."
Returning her burnt umber pupils gaze to the cup, the girl gently tapped against the porcelain edge with a finger on her left hand. Hot liquid instantly fountained up from the bottom, filling the nearly empty cup with piping hot tea.
"Blind belief played a part as well, with miracles like those happening before their eyes and explained as the work of god. ...There were none already who doubted Quinella's words after she instantaneously healed a man who had suffered an injury during farm work and predicted a storm's arrival a whole three days in advance. She instructed lords that were of her father's status and below that a place to pray to god was necessary. To bring about even more wondrous abilities, that was. A white marble tower was immediately erected in the middle of the village. The site was small at that time as well, with a height of merely three stories... but indeed, that was truly the foundation of this Central Cathedral. And at the same time, the start of the three and a half hundred year history of the Axiom Church."
The tale of the holy woman, Quinella, and of ancient times told by Cardinal forced a certain person to mind. I had heard it from Eugeo and Selka without actually meeting the person myself, but—she was the girl who had showed talent in the sacred arts from childhood and was bestowed the sacred task of being an apprentice sister to the church, Alice Schuberg.
But Eugeo recalled Alice being more gentle than anyone else when she was in Rulid. Not to mention that she was Selka's elder sister. It was awfully hard to imagine her sneaking out from home night after night, annihilating beasts in a forest.
How did Alice increase her system access authority, then?
My focus, submerged within the depths of that doubt, was pulled back by Cardinal's voice.


"The inhabitants of those days believed that Quinella was a female shaman blessed by the god, Stacia, without exception. They prayed to the white tower in the morning and evening and without hesitation donated a part of their harvest. The lords unrelated to Quinella by blood were unsettled by the girl's existence at the start, but... still, Quinella was stubborn. She made all of the lords into nobles in the name of god, or in other words, she appointed them to the aristocracy. There were still some among the ordinary farmers that held a certain amount of resentment over the lords' exploitations at that time, but they couldn't disobey when it was an authority recognized by god. And those lords that became nobles, too, judged it more beneficial to obey, rather than oppose Quinella."
Returning the tea cup to its dish with a dull clink, Cardinal looked straight at me as she spoke.
"It took a while to get to this point, but this is the reason behind the existence of feudalism in the Underworld."
"I see... So it wasn't a class system that developed from the need for societal improvement, but one for control... huh. I suppose it would only be natural that the higher class nobles don't feel a sense of duty then."
I murmured and Cardinal nodded with a frown.
"I doubt you've seen it with your own eyes, but the behavior of greater nobles and the imperial families within their own private land is truly atrocious. It would be impossible to predict how much of a hell it would have been if it wasn't for the Taboo Index prohibiting acts of murder and causing hurt."
"...The one who created that Taboo Index is also that Quinella-san in question, right? Does that mean that... even she had some moral sense?"
"Fm, I wonder."
Cardinal made a cute noise with her nose.
"—Even after my many years of deliberation, I still do not understand the reason why the inhabitants of this world do not violate the rules established through their superiors' authorities. I am no exception to this rule. As I do not regard the Axiom Church as a superior existence, I am not bound by the Taboo Index... but still, I am unable to infringe the various rules placed upon myself as the program, Cardinal. You could say that the act of being confined within this place for hundreds of years is the result of my inability to oppose those commands."
"The inability to oppose superior rules... does that apply to Quinella too?"
"Indeed. As she was the one who created the Taboo Index, Quinella is not bound by that foolish law... but still, she did not disobey the various rules set down by her parents when she was young and is now driven on by a new command. Think about it, do you believe that person would be satisfied with killing only animals if it wasn't for her parents teaching her to «not injure people»? She would have obviously murdered humans who are more efficient in increasing her authority level instead."
Goose bumps rose on my back with a chill yet again. Holding that back, I moved my mouth.
"Fm... in other words, injuring others was a taboo from the start, ingrained into the children by the «original four», you mean? Quinella simply put that into writing and added other minor details... that's it?"
"That's the rough idea. However, it was surely not out of some desire for world peace. —Reaching her mid-twenties, Quinella became increasingly beautiful, the tower became ever taller and held countless people as disciples. Similar white towers were erected in the villages of each area and then upon formally naming it the Axiom Church, Quinella's system of rule became all the more concrete during that time. However... as the population steadily increased and the land occupied by people expanded, Quinella became uneasy of the potential places beyond the reach of her own eyes. Wouldn't someone who had noticed the secret behind the sacred arts usage authority like herself appear in the remote regions, she questioned. And there, for the sake of ensuring her all-encompassing rule, she decided to create laws in a physical medium. Loyalty to the Axiom Church was written into the first clause and the prohibition of murder was recorded in the second. Why, you ask?"
Keeping her silence for a moment, Cardinal stared fixedly at me before she continued.
"—Naturally, because one would notice that one's authority level increases after killing a human. That was the only reason; that is why the church prohibits murder. There isn't any sort of moral, ethical or benevolent reason in that single sentence."
I instinctively tried to protest while slightly shocked.
"Bu...but acts of murder and causing hurt were ethically taboo as established by the «original four», right? Wouldn't people possess that sense of morals even without the church saying so?"
"However, what would happen if the parents failed to teach that? The probabilities are low, but what if there were children who were separated from their parents, or in other words, their initial superior existence, immediately after birth, without receiving any guidance on ethics? If that child possessed the genes from the nobility, there was the possibility of the child following its own desires and killing the humans around, attaining an authority level beyond that of Quinella. To reduce that possibility to the minimum, Quinella compiled the book that would become the Taboo Index, published it and placed it into the possessions of each and every town or village. Parents were assigned the duty to teach children the Taboo Index from its first page after they had learnt language. Look here, if the humans of this world appear to be good, diligent and overflowing with benevolence, that was merely because it makes things more convenient for them, the absolute governing organization, the Axiom Church, that is."
"B... but..."
I was unable to take in Cardinal's words without resistance and endlessly shook my head left and right.
I did not want to believe that the respectable personalities of the people I had interacted with in Rulid Village, on my travels and at the Sword Mastery Academy—Selka, Ronye, Tiezé, Sortiliena-senpai... and beyond all others, Eugeo, were all things forced onto them by programming.
"...That's not all to it, right? Wasn't there still that little... original form of the fluctlight thing? Something conferred onto the souls of us humans from the very start..."
"You should have already laid your eyes on proof contrary to that, shouldn't you?"
Taken aback at Cardinal's words, I blinked two, three times.
"Eh...?"
"Those goblins that mercilessly tried to kill Eugeo and you. Did you not think that they were not merely code from a program? That was truly the form assumed when the fluctlight model is exposed to orders completely opposite to those of the Taboo Index... to kill, to rob, and to obey their desires. Look here, those are no longer «people»; but in a certain sense, they are exactly the same as you."
"......"
I sank into silence for a period of time.
I did guess that was the case. Those monsters I had crossed swords with under the mountain range at the edge, slightly less than two years ago—the goblins conversations and gestures had truly been natural, without even a shred of resemblance to the programming of monsters and NPCs appearing in ordinary VRMMO games. Above all, the glitter of desire that had dwelled within their yellow eyes was not something that could be represented with a mere texture map. Definitely.
But then again, if I were to judge them as «humans» in possession of fluctlights as well, I could no longer ignore the issue. To help Selka, Eugeo and I had killed two of those beasts... no, people, but they were merely obeying the desire written into their souls. Eugeo was able to break the restraints of the Taboo Index, so there ought to be a possibility that those goblins, too, were able to resist the commands to kill and steal. Despite that, I had firmly believed them to be evil merely because they were goblins with frightening outward appearances and had swung my sword down without any hesitation...
"Bother not, fool."
Cardinal's words snapped at me, as I deeply hung my head down without noticing.
"Do you plan on declaring that you will become a god as well? No answer will reveal itself even if you spent a hundred years or two worrying over it. Even now—I am still at a loss even after waiting all this time for a chance to finally meet you..."
Upon lifting my face, Cardinal's thin brows came together into a frown as she stared into the depths of her cup. She continued her words as though reciting a poem in that posture.
"I, too, was once a supervisor without a shred of hesitation. I had not a single thought for the tiny beings squirming within my palm, running the world with an unchanging law. However, when I gained a human body like so... developing an attachment towards life, there were some things I began to understand... It is likely that the ones who constructed this world did not understand the true meaning behind what they have created either. They, too, were not gods, after all... even if they knew of Quinella's deplorable deeds, they might display interest, but not distress. Despite the certainty of the hell, words would fail to describe, that this world will become if it enters the load experimental phase at this rate..."
"About... about that, what exactly is that load experiment? You mentioned it earlier, but..."
Interrupting the conversation, Cardinal raised her lowered eyes and gave a light nod.
"Let's return to the story, I must explain it in sequence. —The part where Quinella created the Taboo Index and distributed it over the entire world, was it? Due to that book, the Axiom Church's rule became ever sturdier. After all, Quinella revised the index time after time, tightly binding the masses with a moral sense that changed to suit the church's convenience while eliminating the sources of all troubles that occurred in daily life. Writing down the prohibition to access a swamp that was stated as the source of an endemic disease and the name of the grass that causes sheep to be unable to be milked when eaten... If one were not to think and simply follow whatever was in that book, then not a single problem would occur. The masses prayed to and believed in the church as the years passed, without a single person suspicious of the loyalty to the church mentioned in the first clause."
It was a truly absolute reign. An ideal society completely without starvation, rebellion, or revolution—
"There was a boom in Centoria's population, with progress on architecture techniques through the application of large-scale commands, transforming the once-village into a splendid city in the twinkling of an eye. The grounds of the Axiom Church expanded in the same way, with the tower steadily increasing in height... Come to think of it, this Central Cathedral is likely a representation of Quinella's insatiable desires. She did not know what was enough. Reaching thirty, forty years of age, her features declined even further. That said, it wasn't as if she indulged in gourmet food and lust like the greater nobles. From a certain point in time, Quinella showed herself no more to those of the world, confining herself within the highest floor of the ever-rising tower and earnestly immersed herself purely in the analysis of the sacred arts. She sought more authority, more sacraments... enough to transcend the absolute limit set upon herself: her end, «Life»."
In this world, the status, Life, was a cruelly vivid property.
Steadily increasing while growing, reaching its peak in the twenties or thirties, then reversing, a gentle reduction until zero at sixty to eighty years of age. My Life has increased by quite a bit in these two years as well. It certainly was scary having this value decrease day after day. All the more so, if you were the absolute ruler with the world in your palm.
"However... no matter how many commands she analyzed, even if she had a hold of arts that could manipulate the weather, her Life was still limited... in other words, the one thing she could do nothing about was her life span. Manipulating that was limited to those who possessed supervisor rights... the supervisors from the outside world or perhaps the autonomous control system, Cardinal. Quinella's Life steadily reduced day after day. Reaching fifty years old, reaching sixty years old... all traces of her divine beauty that had once bewitched people's hearts faded unnoticed, faltering even while she walked, before she finally became unable to leave her magnificent bed in the bedroom at the highest point of the world. Taking out the Stacia Window once every hour, staring at the value of her Life being steadily shaved away..."
Suddenly cutting off, Cardinal hugged her small frame with both hands as though she felt a shiver.
"...But still, Quinella never gave up. It was a dreadful tenacity... Testing out each and every combination of sounds in her hoarse voice, day and night, struggling to call upon some forbidden command. —That endeavor should not have borne any fruit. To put it into probability, it would be like flipping a thousand coins and having them all land on heads... no, the chance was smaller than that... However... still..."
I was assailed by a sudden, indescribable chill, shaking as my body shivered. I could clearly see Cardinal—the girl, who had declared herself to be an emotionless system, evidently feeling some sort of fear.
"...On a night when she was finally on the brink of death... where everything would end with a single minor injury, or with a nudge from illness... Quinella finally opened it: the forbidden door. Through some impossible coincidence... or perhaps with a helping hand from some entity from the outside world, or so I think. —Allow me to show you, even if you can't use it."
Cardinal held the staff with her left hand and lifted it, enunciating as though she was whispering.
"System call! Inspect entire command list!"
In that instant, a heavy sound effect I had never heard before rang out and a relatively large purple window opened before Cardinal.
That was all. No divine light raining down, no angels trumpeting, nothing of that sort at all. However, I understood the terrifying effect of that command.
This certainly was the ultimate sacred art. So much that it must not exist by nature.
"It appears you have figured it out. Indeed... a catalogue of all existing system commands is recorded on this window. This, too, is a major mistake by the world's creators. They definitely should have deleted this particular command... the instant those «original four» that had needed it left this world."
Cardinal waved the staff and the forbidden list vanished.
"Quinella opened her hazy eyes and stared at the window. And she understood everything, becoming ecstatic and literally leapt to her feet. The command she sought was noted down at the end of the list. A command in the event that a pressing need to adjust the world balance from inside arose... one that steals all authority from the Cardinal System, to become a true god..."
Suddenly, that scene vividly showed up within my mind.
The highest floor of a tower tall enough to reach the clouds. Nothing but the undulating black clouds in the starless night sky and violet lightning could be seen in all directions through the surrounding windows.
There was only a single canopy in the middle of the empty, wide room. But its owner was not lying on it. Long hair that had lost its color was disheveled upon the soft mattress, a boney figure dancing a strange dance with distorted motions. Two arms thrust out of the white silk pajamas like withered branches, howls of delight flowing from that throat bent backwards. With the thunder that started rumbling, raging ever harder, as its accompaniment, the forbidden spell to usurp the authority of god was woven together in a shrill voice, like that of an eerie bird...
This Underworld wasn't an AI experiment any longer, perhaps not even a simulation of a virtual civilization.
Even the staff from Rath who had created this world... even Kikuoka Seijirou, Higa Takeru and the rest had only lived thirty-plus years at most. However, the incarnation of pure desire for domination, Quinella, was already eighty when she achieved administrative rights. And if Cardinal's words proved right, she had piled up close to another three hundred years since then. No one would be able to imagine just what sort of existence did a being of such intelligence end up as.
Could Kikuoka and the rest really control everything? How much of what was happening here did they understand...?
The black-robed young sage and I stared at each other while grasping onto each of our own anxieties.
Doors do not exist within the Great Library Room... in other words, it ought to be completely isolated from the world outside, but it felt like I heard the low rumbling of thunder from far away.
That ominous noise seemed like a warning for the arrival of a new, and mightiest storm on the path that should have been approaching its end.
Part 1[edit]
I, Kirigaya Kazuto, had logged out from the VRMMO-RPG, «Sword Art Online», on the 7th of November, 2024.
It was mid-December when I returned to my home in Kawagoe City, Saitama Prefecture, following my rehabilitation period. I had turned sixteen a couple of months ago, but since I had been challenging the fiftieth floor of Aincrad while my previous peers in the same grade were challenging the high school entrance examinations, there was obviously no school that I could attend.
Fortunately—though I hesitate to call it such, I received a certificate of graduation from the middle school I've only half finished, so the normal route would be to spend my time at a preparation school until I can take the examinations next year, postponed by a year. However, here, the country proposed an unimaginable relief measure.
Among the roughly six thousand players who returned alive from imprisonment in SAO, the middle-and-high schoolers numbered over five hundred. It was decided that a school for them all would be established in Nishitokyo, Tokyo, from the April of 2025 with no need for entrance examinations or school fees, and the graduates would be granted qualifications to take entrance examinations for universities.
The building used was that of a metropolitan high school, abandoned the previous year and awaiting its demolition. Re-employed teachers who had retired from old age, serving part-time, largely made up the teaching staff. It was classified as a National Vocational School under the School Education Law.
That unexpected level of sympathy, even as a safety net, certainly did cause a tinge of unease, but I decided to enter after consulting Asuna and of course, my family. I have never regretted it even once. Designing and creating various devices with friends in my Mechatronics course was extremely fun and I could meet Asuna, Lisbeth, Silica, and the rest everyday. I could still claim it was a fulfilling schooling life even after taking away points for the compulsory weekly counseling session.
However, I was unable to attend that school to the end as well.
It was a year and two months after I entered, on the 6th of June, 2026. For some unknown reason, I gained consciousness in another world, «Underworld». Waking in the forest near Rulid Village, on the northern edge of the Human World, I had cried out with all I could muster to the staff from the venture company that should have been developing and managing this world, Rath, but no reply came back.
Reluctantly, I aimed for the place most likely to have a console capable of contacting the outside world from here—the center of the Human World, Central Centoria, or what was at its core, the Axiom Church's towering Central Cathedral, and had set out on a journey from Rulid with the partner I had met in this world, Eugeo.
I had somehow reached Centoria after spending an Underworld calendar year's worth of time, but I hadn't simply continued on and entered the Cathedral. The gate of the Axiom Church was always firmly shut, with access restricted to the champion swordsman of the «Four Empires Unity Tournament» held in spring each year.
Hence, Eugeo and I, both aiming for the Cathedral, had first enrolled in the «Imperial Sword Mastery Academy» to earn the qualification required to enter the tournament, though we had differing goals. Its curriculum would be impossible in the real world, comprising mainly of swordsmanship and magic (or to be accurate, sacred arts) and it was also my first time living in a dormitory; those were my circumstances, but I still got used to my life at the Sword Mastery Academy... no, I could even say that I enjoyed my time there.
However, a year and a month after my enrollment, in the fifth month of year 380 on the Human World Calendar, once again, an incident occurred that caused an inevitable cessation to my schooling life. A couple of upper class male nobles tried to toy with both my «valet trainee»; a novice trainee by the name of Ronye, and Eugeo's valet; Tiezé, through a cunning trap.
Eugeo, who happened to be at the scene, broke through the absolute restriction of «disobeying the law» and drew his sword. Just as he slashed away the left arm of the upper class noble, Humbert, with an all-out attack, I finally finished running there, and exchanged sword blows with the upper class noble, Raios, severing both of his hands.
Although those were major wounds, his life would have been in no danger if the blood flow was immediately sealed and the wounds treated with sacred arts, but then, a strange phenomenon occurred. Pressed to choose between the highest law in the Human World, the «Taboo Index», and his own will, he cried out in an alien voice as he died... no, as he halted all action.
The academy had expelled Eugeo and myself and an «integrity knight», dispatched by the Axiom Church, had incarcerated us in the jail under the cathedral. Undiscouraged by my third time «leaving a school midway», we immediately broke out and wandered through the rose garden in the grounds; searching for an entrance to the cathedral building itself, during which we became embroiled in a battle against a new integrity knight, and the one who saved us as we desperately ran everywhere was—
A mysterious, young girl who named herself «Cardinal».
Cardinal, who lived in a humongous library room existing in a hermetic space, made Eugeo, drenched as he fell into a fountain during the battle, go to the bathroom and in that time, revealed a truth I found astonishing.
That this world, Underworld, was a simulation of a civilization that had undergone through at least four hundred and fifty years internally.
That the highest minister of the Axiom Church, ruling over the world, was once a beautiful young girl named Quinella; no different from a normal inhabitant.
The girl who had devoted herself to the usage of sacred arts, or in other words system commands, pursued power to such an extent that she reached a forbidden incantation—a command to read the «entire command list». There was no other means for a single subject within the simulation to be promoted to a supervisor.
With her absolute authority to rule, Quinella was likely looking down on this world from the top floor of the Central Cathedral now. Was that look directed towards Eugeo and I, lost in the sacred garden, as well...?
Cardinal, sitting on the opposite side of the round table, turned a derisive smile onto me as she looked at me shivering from a sudden chill. Taking a sip of tea from the cup atop the table, she lifted her small spectacles.
"It is far too early to shudder in fear."
I suppressed the chills and somehow replied to her calm words.
"Aah... sorry, please go on."
Lifting my cup, I sipped at the tea that tasted similiar to coffee in the real world.
Cardinal leaned her small frame against the chair's back support and began talking once more, in a tranquil tone.
"Going back two hundred and seventy years into the past... Quinella successfully called out the entire command list, firstly raising her own authority level to the maximum; one capable of directly interfering with the Cardinal System controlling the world. Next, she endowed herself with all of the authorities that only the Cardinal System possessed. Terrain and building manipulation, item generation, even the manipulation of the durability belonging to dynamic units, including humans... or in other words; the manipulation of Life..."
"Manipulation of... Life. Then that means, in other words, her life span..."
The youthful sage gave a composed nod at my timid query.
"It meant she could transcend it. Altered into a full supervisor, Quinella's first course of action was to completely restore her own Life, which was eighty years and on the verge of vanishing. Continuing on, she halted its natural degeneration. Furthermore, she recovered her youthful outward appearance. Quinella's rapture at regaining the scintillating beauty from her late teens was likely... something beyond the imagination of someone like you; young, and not to mention, male, however..."
"Well... I do understand that would be one of the ultimate dreams for women."
Cardinal gave a callous snort when I meekly replied.
"Even I, who possess no human emotion, could claim to be thankful for this static external form. I do have a tremendous desire to grow another five or six years worth, but... —Nonetheless, having finally completely satisfied all of the desires that spurred her on made Quinella exceptionally exhilarated. After all, she now obtained the power to freely manipulate the vast Human World and eternal beauty as well. She was in ecstasy... the zenith of ecstasy. Enough to shed a sheer, sliver of her sanity..."
Cardinal's large eyes suddenly narrowed deep beyond her spectacles. As though she was mocking mankind's foolishness—or perhaps, pitying them.
"—It would have been for the best if she was satisfied there and then. However, it turned out there truly was no bottom to the gaping hole within Quinella's heart. That one knew not what was enough... she could not even permit the existence of one who held equal authority to hers."
"Was that... in reference to the Cardinal System itself?"
"Indeed. She also tried to remove a bundle of programs that held no awareness. However... even with her proficiency at the sacred arts, Quinella in the end is nothing more than an Underworld inhabitant, unconnected to the scientific civilization. There was no possibility of her understanding the complex syntax of the commands from the supervisor-level authority in a single night. Quinella recklessly tried to decipher the reference written for the sake of Rath's engineers... and she erred. A mere, single, and enormous mistake. She thought of taking the whole of Cardinal within herself, devised an extensive command, and then recited it. As a result..."
The girl spoke with a murmur much like a sigh.
"...Quinella ended up burning the primary instructions assigned to the Cardinal System into her own fluct light as a read-only behavioral principle. She intended to steal the authority level alone but ended up fusing Cardinal with her own soul!"
"...What... what was that...?"
My comprehension unable to catch up, I blankly muttered.
"Cardinal's primary instructions... to be specific, what would those be...?"
"—«Preservation of regularity». That is the purpose behind Cardinal's existence. You, too, ought to understand if you have came into contact with a world of a similar system. Cardinal is always observing the actions of «players» like the lot of you. And the very moment any phenomenon is detected that threatens to throw the world's balance into disarray, it rectifies that without a shred of mercy."
"Aah... that's true. I spent day and night scheming to outwit Cardinal, but it filled in any loopholes immediately after I found them..."
When I muttered while recalling how safe yet effective farming spots were entirely dealt with during my SAO days, Cardinal made a conceited-seeming smile once again. It was only when she had that face on that the atmosphere of a sage around her turned into that of an innocent, young girl of her apparent age.
"That goes without saying, no matter how many greenhorns get together, they won't be able to outwit Cardinal. ...However, Quinella went far beyond even that for her preservation of regularity. Writing the instructions onto her fluct light, or in other words, her soul, caused Quinella to faint and she awoke only after an entire day of sleep. By then, she could have been considered to no longer be human in various ways. She would not age, she would neither drink water nor eat bread... her only desire was for the Human World she ruled over to eternally remain the same..."
"Eternally... remain the same..."
While repeating her words in a murmur, I pondered.
Aside from the general purpose AI; the Cardinal System, all of the supervisors for the various existing VRMMOs would probably wish for their game worlds to continue on. They would regulate the balance between the currency, as well as the item and monster spawns, in a bid to preserve regularity. However, there was a single factor even supervisors possessing godlike power could not control. Players.
Could that not be said to apply to this Underworld as well...?
And, as if she saw through my thoughts, Cardinal gave a slight nod and resumed her explanation.
"Formerly, what the Cardinal System controlled were animals, vegetation, terrain, and weather; that is objects and effects... in other words, it acted as a foundation for the world, with no interference in the actions of its inhabitants, the artificial fluct lights. ...However, Quinella was different. She even thought about restraining the humans' lives for all of eternity."
"Restraining... in other words, making everybody repeat the same routine day after day without anything new... was that what you meant...?"
"Nn... well, that is essentially it. Allow me to continue... fused with the Cardinal System, Quinella first amended her own name. To the... highest minister of the Axiom Church, Administrator."
I cut in once again the instant I heard that.
"H-He said that name too. That Integrity Knight Eldrie Synthesis... erm..."
"Thirty-one, I'm sure."
"Right, that's it. I believe he said he received an invitation from the highest minister, Administrator-sama, and then came down to the land from the Celestial World or something like that. ...I see, so he was referring to Quinella... How should I say this, she sure took up an amazing name, huh."
To me, the English word, «Administrator», was one that I associated with a supervisor-level account rather than its definition of an actual supervisor. It was unconfirmed which meaning Quinella had in mind when she named herself so, though.
Cardinal made a faint, wry smile at my remark and nodded.
"It wasn't at the level of naming herself as the god of this world, but it could be said to be much like how she would handle things... —Regardless, now the supervisor in both name and reality, Quinella first proclaimed a single edict. For the four great nobles of that age to ascend to the position of emperors, splitting the Human World into four empires: north, east, south, and west. Kirito, you have seen the walls that divided Central Centoria into four, haven't you?"
It was my turn to nod this time as the one being asked.
The Sword Mastery Academy I lived at was in the 5th District of Norlangarth North Empire's capital, Northern Centoria. The white stone barrier could always be seen from the dormitory's windows, far taller than any other structure within the city. Beyond those walls called the «immortal walls» were the capitals of the other empires; a great cause for surprise when I first found out.
"The masses did not quarry marble and pile them up over years for those walls. Quinella... no, Administrator made them appear in an instant with her godlike might."
"...In-Instantly!? Those walls!? That's way beyond the limits of sacred arts... the people of Centoria back then must have been shaking in their boots...?"
"Naturally, that was her aim. To show the masses the power of the Cardinal System and to instill a tremendous awe into them. With that psychological barrier and the «immortal walls», a physical barrier, she attempted to restrict the masses' movements and interactions. For the sake of letting the Axiom Church seize the transmission channels for news, so as to control the masses' hearts. She wished for the people to remain devoted believers of the church for eternity, staying ignorant and naive... —Those absurd immortal walls were not the end to the physical barriers she created. In order to restrain the various regions that pioneers resided in, from spreading out, Administrator set down many humongous objects. A huge, unbreakable rock; a swamp that could never be filled; a rapid, uncrossable stream; a gigantic, unfellable tree..."
"H-Hold on. An unfellable tree... you say?"
"Indeed. She granted a ridiculously-sized cedar tree near-infinite priority and durability."
I instinctively recalled that demonic tree—the Gigas Cedar that possessed a hardness that would made one want to cry, and gently rubbed my two palms together under the table.
In other words, that meant the Gigas Cedar did not spring forth naturally in the forest south of Rulid Village but was deployed by Administrator to restrict the villagers from expanding their livable area with its horrifying durability and ability to drain resources, as an artificial obstacle.
So there were still many such objects around this world? And many humans have been persevering for hundreds of years of futile effort in order to remove them...?
Raising my head, the girl who called herself Cardinal looked at me with that usual gaze saying that she saw through to my inner thoughts. Her tiny lips moved and her placid words streamed on.
"...And thus, a peaceful yet idle age continued on and on under the absolute Administrator's reign. Twenty years... thirty years later... the masses lost their disposition for progress; the nobles indulged in their idle lives; swordsmanship, polished by the swordsmen of ancient times, degenerated into a mere performance. As you ought to know. Forty years, fifty years later, Administrator felt a deep satisfaction looking down upon the daily life of the Human World, indolent, as though it was soaked in a languid, warm bath..."
In short, it was like gazing at and relishing an aquarium after putting the finishing touches to its perfect ecosystem. Complicated emotions assailed me upon recalling how I stared at an ant observation kit without getting bored when I was young and Cardinal, sunk in rumination with her eyes cast down like myself, spoke in a clear voice.
"However, it is impossible for any sort of system to remain in stasis for all eternity. Something was bound to occur sooner or later. ...Seventy years after Quinella became Administrator, she discerned an anomaly of sorts within herself. Incidents happened, that she certainly couldn't turn a blind eye to, such as her consciousness disappearing for short periods even outside of sleep, being unable to recall memories from a few days ago, and beyond all else, the inability to instantly remember those system commands that she should have perfectly committed to memory. Making free use of the supervisor commands, Administrator examined her own fluct light to the last detail... and shuddered at the results. After all, the capacity of the sector used for preserving her memories had reached its limit without her knowledge."
"Li-Limit!?"
I yelled her words back at the story's unexpected development. It was the first time I had heard of a maximum limit to the capacity of the memory space... or to use another word, the data capacity of the soul.
"What's there to be surprised about, is it not logical if you only give it a little thought? The sizes of light cubes that store fluct lights, and actual brains, are limited and as such, so are the number of quantum bits that can be stored."
Turning to Cardinal, calmly speaking on, I raised my right hand and requested clarification.
"Ho-Hold on a moment. Erm... the «light cube» thing that's been popping up in our conversation from earlier is the medium that the fluct lights of the people in the Underworld are saved in, right?"
"What, were you unaware of even that? Indeed, a light cube is shaped as a cube with a length of five centimeters, with each one able to perfectly contain the fluct light of a single Underworld inhabitant, not to mention no resources are necessary to save. A «Light Cube Cluster», with each side measuring three meters, was made by assembling them together."
"Er, erm... gathered together, five centimeters each, three meters..."
I tried to mentally calculate the total number of light cubes, but as I was dividing three hundred by five, Cardinal effortlessly spoke out the answer.
"The logical value for the total would be two hundred and sixteen thousand. However, due to the existence of the «Main Visualizer», the main storage, there ought to be less than that."
"Two hundred and sixteen thousand... So that's the maximum population of the Underworld, huh..."
"Indeed. By the way, there is still a considerable amount of surplus space, so there is no need to worry about the number of empty cubes if you're in the mood to make a baby with some dame."
"Yeah... wait, I won't be making anything like that!"
The young sage returned to the main topic after looking at me shaking my head to and fro in a panic.
"...However, as I've mentioned earlier, each light cube will eventually reach the limit of its memory capacity. Administrator had already lived for a ridiculous hundred and fifty years, including the time between the birth and deterioration of Quinella. The flask containing her memories had finally started overflowing from all that was stored within it throughout this time, inducing difficulties in the writing, preservation, and retrieval of her memories."
It was quite a chilly issue. It wasn't something irrelevant to me; I had already accumulated over two years of memories in this world with an accelerated rate of time. Even if only mere months, or perhaps days, have passed in the real world, the «life span of my soul» was definitely being consumed.
"Rest easy, there are still more than enough blank sheets within your fluct light."
As though she read my thoughts once again, Cardinal pointed it out with a wry smile.
"Wh... when you say it like that, it feels like you're implying that my mind's empty..."
"It would be like a picture book against an encyclopedia, if you compare the two of us."
Taking a sip of the tea with a composed expression, Cardinal cleared her throat.
"—Let me continue. As expected, even Administrator panicked at the unforeseen situation of a limit to her memory capacity. After all, there existed a life span that she had absolutely no control over, unlike one with a numerical value like Life. However, she was not one to willingly accept her fate. Analogous to how she had once usurped the seat of god, that being came up with yet another demonic solution..."
Showing an unpleasant scowl, Cardinal placed the cup back and tightly linked together her two hands, similar to flower petals, above the table.
"...In those days... that is, two hundred years ago, there was a young girl, at the mere age of ten or so, studying sacred arts on the lower floors of the Central Cathedral as an apprentice nun of the church. Her name was... no, I've forgotten her name... She was born in a family of furniture craftsmen in Centoria and through the fluctuations of randomized parameters, she possessed a slightly higher system access authority than others. As such, she was bestowed the sacred task of being a nun. She was a scrawny little lass with brown eyes and curly hair of the same color..."
I involuntarily blinked my eyes and checked Cardinal's appearance, on the other side of the table. I could only imagine that the description previously was one of herself, no matter how it was rephrased.
"Administrator had that little lass brought up to the living room of the top floor of the Cathedral and welcomed her with a smile filled with kindness like a holy mother's. That being spoke thus—'You will be my child from now on. A child of god that will guide the world.'... It was the truth to an extent. In the sense as one inheriting information from her soul. Though naturally, there wasn't a single trace of motherly love. ...Administrator intended to overwrite the little lass's fluct light with the thought domain and important memories of her own."
"Wha..."
A chill crept up my back yet again. Overwriting the soul—the act of speaking those words out alone was repulsive enough. While rubbing together my palms that had gotten damp with cold and sweat without my notice, I forced my numbed mouth to move.
"St... still, if she could manipulate fluct lights to such detail, couldn't she just delete the memories she didn't need?"
"Would you edit an important file without prior preparation?"
Her immediate retort had me at a momentary loss for words and I shook my head.
"N... no, I would make a backup."
"Of course you would. Administrator had not forgotten about the full day she lost consciousness when she once took in the Cardinal System's behavioral principles. That's how dangerous direct fluct light manipulation is. What if I ended up damaging important data while putting my own memories in order... fearing so, she planned to first take over the girl's soul that had plenty of remaining memory capacity, affirm the copy turned out well, then dispose of the soul she had used thus far, worn out to its limit. She was truly meticulous, truly prudent... however, that turned out to be Administrator's... no, Quinella's second blunder."
"Blunder...?"
"Indeed. After all, it was only in that single moment when she possessed that little lass and also governed the existence she had used until then... that the gods carrying that same level of authority numbered two. A fiendish ceremony, thoroughly planned and prepared by Administrator... meant she finally succeeded in hijacking a fluct light through the «Synthesis Ritual»; its name signifying the unification between soul and memory. I... I was waiting for just such a moment... over that long seventy years!!"
I merely stared at Cardinal's face, confused, while she cried out with slight emotion.
"Hold... Hold on a minute. Who exactly are you... the Cardinal that's speaking to me right now?"
"—Do you still not understand?"
At my question, Cardinal pushed her glasses up as she whispered.
"Kirito, you know of my original version, do you not? Try stating the characteristics of the Cardinal System."
"Er... erm..."
Knitting my brows, I brought back memories from my Aincrad days. That automatic management program was first developed by Kayaba Akihiko to manage the death game, SAO. In other words—
"...Making manual adjustments and maintenance unnecessary, and the ability to operate for long stretches of time...?"
"Indeed. And in order to do that..."
"In order to do that, it has two core programs... while the main process carries out balancing adjustments, the sub-process performs an error check on the main..."
Getting to that point in my words, I left my mouth agape and stared at the young girl with swirly, curly hair.
I should have been well aware that the Cardinal System had a powerful error correction function installed. After all, the AI, «Yui», who became the daughter of Asuna and myself while we were clearing SAO was originally a subordinate program of Cardinal, and I desperately struggled to save her from Cardinal who recognized her as a foreign body and mercilessly tried to eliminate her.
To be specific, I simply accessed the SAO's program space from a system console, searched for the files that made up Yui, compressed them, and set that as an object; carrying it out in the few tens of seconds before Cardinal detected my system intervention and quarantining it, however, was probably a true miracle in itself. That enormous presence I confronted, with a single holo-keyboard between us, was truly Cardinal's error correction process... which would also perhaps be this lovely girl sitting before my own eyes right now.
Aware or not of my complex, deep emotions, Cardinal spoke with a light sigh as though she was dealing with an unperceptive child.
"So it seems you have finally noticed. —The principles of behavior Quinella carved into her own fluct light did not merely include one. The instruction given to the main process, «to preserve the world». And the instruction given to the sub-process, «to correct the errors made by the main process»."
"Correct... the errors?"
"When I was still a program yet to gain awareness, I existed purely to continuously examine the data expelled by the main process. However... when I gained individuality as a «shadow consciousness» of Quinella, so to speak, I had to judge my own conduct without assistance from redundant code or anything of that sort. You see... it would be somewhat like what you lot call a «split personality»."
"I believe there are some with the opinion that split personalities exist only in fiction, though."
"Oh, really now. However, it is truly a tale I could consent to, you see. Only in that instant Quinella's consciousness slightly relaxed, could I float to the surface of her thought process. And I thought. About what an atrocious error this woman, Quinella... no, Administrator was committing, that is."
"Was it... an error...?"
I instinctively asked in return. After all, if the preservation of the world formed the basis of Cardinal's main process, what Quinella had done would be in tune with that principle regardless of how radical the measures adopted were.
However, Cardinal answered in a dignified tone, taking my glance head-on.
"Then allow me to ask you. Has the Cardinal System of that other world you knew ever harmed players of its own volition, even once?"
"N.... no, it didn't. True, it was the players' ultimate enemy, but... there weren't any unreasonable direct attacks, sorry about that."
When I spontaneously apologized, Cardinal gave a short snort through her nose and continued.
"However, she did. She imposed a penalty more cruel than even death upon those who showed signs of harboring suspicion or opposing the Taboo Index she established... However, I shall leave the details for later. In that extremely rare respite from sleep, I, the Cardinal System's sub-process, judged that Administrator was a major error in and of herself and attempted to purge that. To be specific, I tried to jump down from the top floor thrice, tried to stab my heart with a knife twice, and tried to incinerate my own self with sacred arts twice. After all, if I could reduce my Life to zero in one action, even the highest minister would not be exempted from erasure."
The heroic words coming out from the mouth of the young, sweet girl rendered me speechless. But Cardinal continued ahead in a composed tone without the slightest twitch from her eyebrows.
"The final attempt was a true pity. By releasing a sacred art with an exceptional offensive ability from among the entire lot, raining a continual tempest of lightning bolt strikes onto myself, even Administrator's enormous Life was reduced to a mere single digit. However, the main process then seized control over the body... With things in that state, any sort of injury or fatal wound was rendered null. She returned to as she always was in the blink of an eye with a full recovery sacred art ritual. Moreover, due to that incident, even with all she had, Administrator genuinely regarded me... in other words, the sub-process under her subconscious, as a danger. Upon noticing that the only times I could wedge myself into the right of control was when some conflict occurs within her fluct light... or simply put, during times of emotional distress, she tried an unthinkable method to hold me in."
"Unthinkable...?"
"Yes. Even if she was chosen as a sorceress of Stacia from birth, Administrator was a child of man. She possessed the emotions to look at flowers and think them beautiful or to listen to music and find it fun, at the very least. The emotional circuit she developed back then still remained in the depths of her soul even after turning into an absolute being, half-human and half-god. She judged that emotion was the source of her unrest whenever she encountered an unexpected event, however slight it might be. Therefore, she made free use of the supervisor-only commands to manipulate her fluct light within her light cube and suspended her own emotional circuit."
"Wha... suspending her circuit, does that mean that she was basically destroying a part of her soul?"
I replied while shuddering and Cardinal returned a muted nod with a grimace.
"B-But well, something as outrageous as that... sounds like an even more dangerous action than the copying of her fluct light earlier, though..."
"Of course, she did not handle her own soul without prior preparation or anything of that sort. The woman, Administrator, was one cautious enough to hate the very idea of that, see. —Have you already noticed the presence of various hidden parameters not displayed upon the Stacia Window... or in other words, the status window?"
"Aah, well, somewhat... I saw a handful of humans with strength and agility not matching their outward appearances, after all..."
The one that came to mind while I answered was the one I served for a year as a valet trainee, Sortiliena-senpai. Her body was slender, narrow, and perhaps could even be thought of as delicate, but she overpowered me many times when we locked swords.
The young girl from whom I felt a limitless dignity, despite an outward appearance more fragile than senpai, lightly lifted and dropped her hat at my words.
"Yes. And within those hidden parameters, there exists one called «Transgression Quotient»[1]. A value evaluated by analyzing the compliance to the law and rules of each inhabitant through their speech and conduct, converted into numerals. It was probably created for easy monitoring for observers from the outer world, but... Administrator quickly noticed this transgression quotient parameter could be used to reveal the humans skeptical of the Taboo Index she established. To that being, such humans were like bacteria that snuck into a sterilized room. She felt an urgent need to exterminate them, but she could not break that single command to not murder passed down, to her as well, by her parents when she was young. Therefore, in order to render those inhabitants with a high transgression quotient harmless without resorting to murder, Administrator instead carried out a dreadful procedure upon them..."
"That's... the thing that you spoke of earlier, that penalty more cruel than death?"
"Absolutely. She had those humans with a high transgression quotient serve as experimental subjects for art rituals to manipulate their fluct light directly. Which part of the light cube stored which information, which part should be tampered with to make them lose their memories, lose their emotions, lose their thought processes, and so on... even the observers from the outside world hesitated to carry out such atrocious human experiments."
I felt goosebumps creep up my arms the moment I heard that last phrase, spoken in a whisper.
Cardinal, too, made a dismal expression and continued on in a deathly-stifled voice.
"...The humans offered up for the initial experiments mostly forfeited their individualities, reduced to beings that existed purely to breathe. Administrator froze their flesh and Life, and preserved them in the cathedral. Her fluct light manipulation art advanced through the repetition of such injustice. She performed the suspension of her emotions in a bid to hold me in, too, only after attempting time after time on the humans brought to the tower. She was around a hundred years old then."
"...Did she, succeed?"
"You could say she did. She failed in abandoning all emotions but succeeded in purging those that acted as the source of that abrupt unrest: fear, fright, and anger. From then, Administrator's heart did not waver regardless of the kind of event she encountered. She was truly a god... no, she was truly a machine. A consciousness that existed only to preserve, stabilize, and stagnate the world... I was held within a nook of that being's soul, losing all chance to appear on the surface. Until that being was at the age of a hundred and fifty, reached the capacity limit of a fluct light, and tried to take over the soul of a pitiful lass, that is."
"But... according to how the story went, the soul from Administrator that took over the daughter of the furniture shop owner was a perfect copy of the original, right? In other words, that soul would have its emotions purged too... so, why were you able to appear at that particular time?"
Cardinal's gaze wandered elsewhere for a while at my question. She must be peering into the other end of these extraordinarily long two hundred years.
Before long, an extremely, extremely soft voice streamed out from those petite lips.
"My vocabulary does not contain the words needed to accurately express what happened in that instant... in that experience, wonderful, despite how it should have made one tremble... Calling the daughter of the furniture shop owner to the top floor of the cathedral, Administrator attempted to copy and overwrite via the Synthesis Ritual. And that succeeded without a hitch. What resided within the lass had its useless memories erased, what could be said to be a compressed version of Administrator's, no, Quinella's individuality. The initial arrangement should have been for the original Quinella, who expended her life span, to erase her own soul after confirming the success... however..."
Cardinal's cheeks, adorned by a healthy blush as befitting a young girl, had already lost their color like a sheet of paper when I finally noticed. She asserted that she possessed no emotions, but I couldn't imagine what she felt at this moment to be anything but a deep fear.
"...However, the duplication of her soul finished... the instant we simultaneously opened our eyes at point-blank range... some sort of tremendous impact assailed us. That was essentially... the thought of avoiding a situation where two of the exact same human exist, a situation that would have originally been impossible... I believe it would be something close to that? I... no, we stared at each other and immediately after, sensed an overwhelming hostility. Regardless of the circumstances, we couldn't permit the existence of the soul before our eyes, that was how it seemed... It exceeded pure emotion, into instinct... no, it might have been somewhat like the number one rule engraved upon the beliefs of intelligent beings. If that situation were to remain, both souls probably would not have been able to bear the shock and would be annihilated. However... I am unsure if I should call it a pity, but that did not happen. After all, the fluct light copied into the daughter of the furniture shop owner broke a moment faster and in that instant, I, the sub-individuality, established the right of control. We recognized each other as Administrator, residing within the body originally belonging to Quinella, and Cardinal's sub-process, residing within the body belonging to the daughter of the furniture shop owner. With that, the souls ceased breaking down and stabilized."
A soul breaking down.
Cardinal's words brought to mind the gloomy and wonderous phenomenon I had seen two evenings ago, one that I wasn't sure whether to be sad or glad for.
I crossed swords with the head elite swordsman-in-training of the Sword Mastery Academy, Raios Antinous, and slashed off his two arms with the Serlut-style secret move, «Whirling Current». That major injury could have been considered a fatal wound in the real world, but his life would not have ended in the Underworld with proper treatment. I would have tried to maintain the numerical value of his Life—what served as hit points in this world, by binding the open wounds on his two arms to stop the blood flow.
However, before that could happen… A bizarre scream poured from Raios as he collapsed onto the floor and met his end.
Blood had continued flowing out from his wounds at that time. That is to say, his Life value had not yet reached zero, so in other words, that meant that Raios had died from a reason other than the total loss of Life.
Right before collapsing, Raios found himself in a situation where he had a choice between his life and the Taboo Index; one to protect and one to break. He could not choose and his soul finally ended up tearing itself apart, trapped in an infinite loop state, didn't it?
Could the phenomenon that assaulted Quinella upon meeting a duplicate of her own self be fundamentally the same thing? I couldn't even begin to imagine the horror that came with the situation of having another existence with the exact same memories and thoughts as oneself.
I couldn't form a conclusion on the possibility that I was an artificial fluct light copied from the real Kirigaya Kazuto in those few days after I woke up in the forest south of Rulid. That fear remained somewhere in my mind until I affirmed that I could go against the Taboo Index, while recognizing it as the absolute law, with cooperation from Selka from Rulid Church.
If nothing but my consciousness was thrown out into an endless darkness, and my own, familiar voice spoke. 'You are my duplicate. You are merely a copy for experimenting with, one that can be deleted with a single keypress.' How severe would the shock, confusion, and fright taste in that moment?
"—How is it going, have you understood everything so far?"
Those mentor-like words were thrown at me, as I pondered over everything with my head overheating, from the opposite side of the table. Raising my head, I blinked countless times before nodding in a vague manner.
"Ah... well, somewhat..."
"I'm going to finally reach the main point of my tale, so it would be troubling if you were already going to whine from this much."
"The main point... I see, that's right. I still haven't heard exactly what you wanted out of me."
"Yes. I did continue waiting ever since that day through these two hundred years to tell you this, after all... Now then, I believe I was at the part where I split off from Administrator?"
Cardinal spoke as she fiddled with the now-empty tea cup, spinning it with both hands.
"—On that day, I finally acquired a physical body of my own. To be accurate though, it belonged to that pitiful apprentice nun, but... her individuality had been utterly annihilated the moment her light cube was overwritten with data. Born from that ruthless ceremony and the result of that unforeseen incident, I stared at Administrator before my eyes for 0.3 seconds before finally taking the logical course of action. In other words, I tried to eliminate her with sacred arts of the highest level. I was a perfect copy of Administrator, which meant I had a system access authority at an equal level, you see. I predicted that I could slice away her Life before the resources in the surrounding space were exhausted if I could gain the initiative, even if it became an exchange of arts of the same class. My first attack landed magnificently and what ensued after went according to my expectations. A death match of immense lightning and whirlwinds clashing, infernos and ice daggers unfolded with the top floor of the Central Cathedral as our stage, and our Lives rapidly plummeting. Our pace was exactly the same... in other words, I, the one who had let loose the first attack, should have been the one to win."


My body abruptly shuddered upon imagining that skirmish between gods. My knowlege of offensive sacred arts was limited to the extremely rudimentary ones that change the shapes of elements, like those used in the battle against Knight Eldrie. Their offensive abilities were far from reaching a single sword strike, struggling to even act as restraints or distractions, hardly able to take away the Life of anyone around......
"—Huh, wait a moment. You said that even Administrator wasn't capable of killing somebody, didn't you? Then shouldn't that restriction apply to you as well, as a copy? Why were both of you able to attack each other?"
Cardinal slightly pouted at her story getting interrupted at the good part, as she nodded and replied.
"Mgh... that was a good question. True, it is as you've said, even Administrator, unbound by the Taboo Index as she was, could not break the prohibition on murder given to her when she was young, as Quinella, by her parents. I have still yet to elucidate the origin behind the phenomenon why we artificial fluct lights are unable to disobey all orders without exception even after many long years of deliberation... however, this phenomenon is not as absolute as you might think."
"...Which means...?"
"To show an example..."
Cardinal moved her right hand that held the tea cup above the table. For some reason though, she was not lowering the cup onto the saucer but onto the right, an empty space—her arm came to a precise stop immediately before its bottom touched the table cloth.
"I am unable to lower this cup any further."
"Hah?"
Cardinal explained as she scowled at my dumbfounded response.
"The reason is because when I was young, my mother—of course, that would actually be Quinella's—brought me up with the trivial rule that «tea cups should be placed atop a saucer» and its effect is still valid, even now. The only significant taboo was murder, but there exist seventeen other foolish prohibitions such as this. I am unable to lower my arm any further no matter what I do and if I forcibly put strength into it, an annoying, intense pain emerges in my right eye."
"...A pain in... your right eye..."
"Even so, this is a huge difference compared to the average inhabitant. They would be unable to even imagine the thought of placing the cup upon the table in the first place. In other words, they could not even gain the awareness that they are bound by many unbreakable rules. That may be the best for them, however..."
Probably aware that she was a completely artificial being, an unfitting self-derisive smile ran over Cardinal's young face, and she quickly straightened her arm back.
"Now then... Kirito. Do you see this as a tea cup?"
"Heh?"
Letting out a stupid voice, I intensely stared at the empty cup gripped in Cardinal's right hand.
It was made of white ceramic, simple curves for its sides, with a plain handle attached. No designs or logos could be seen aside from a dark-blue line along its edge.
"Well... I do see it as a tea cup, there was tea in it, after all..."
"Fm. Then, how about now?"
Cardinal reached out with the index finger on her left hand, then lightly tapped the cup's edge.
Liquid immediately flowed up from the bottom of the cup like earlier and a stream of white vapor rose. However, the aroma differed this time. My nose instinctively twitched. This smell, fragrant with its richness, was definitely not any sort of black tea—it couldn't be anything but cream of corn soup.
Cardinal tilted the cup slightly as though showing it to me as I stretched out my neck. It was a pale-yellow, gooey fluid as I expected, filling the cup to its brim. There were even croutons, carefully baked brown, floating in there.
"Co-Corn soup! Thank you, I just started feeling peckish and..."
"You dolt, I'm not asking about its contents. What is this vessel?"
"Eeh...? Well... that's-"
Not a single change had occurred to the cup itself from earlier. But now that she mentioned it, it might have been a little too simple, too large, and too thick for a typical tea cup.
"Aah... A soup cup?"
When I timidly answered, Cardinal broadly grinned as she nodded.
"Yes. This is now a soup cup. After all, there certainly is soup within it now."
And, as if she was showing off, she placed the cup, as it was, onto the table cloth without any hesitation, ringing out a thud.
"Wha...!?"
"Look. This is how ambiguous the taboos given to us artificial fluct lights are. They can be overruled this easily simply by changing our subjective perception."
"......"
Even while I was shocked into silence, that particular scene from two days ago replayed in my mind once again.
Back then, Raios was about to mercilessly swing his sword down at Eugeo, cowering away, at the exact moment I barged into the bedroom. Raios's sword would have probably severed Eugeo's neck in a single slash if I hadn't taken it on with my own sword.
Murder was obviously the greatest taboo. But in that instant, Eugeo was not a fellow human in Raios's viewpoint but a major criminal that had violated the Taboo Index. By recognizing that, he easily dodged past the taboo engraved upon his soul.
As I continued to brood in silence, a light sound rang out from the one leaning against the back support of the opposing chair. Upon taking a look, Cardinal was lifting up the tea cup -correction, soup cup once again and moved it to her lips. The meat buns and sandwiches I had eaten tens of minutes ago had already been converted to numerals in my Life, and my stomach could feel a tight, squeezing sensation.
"...Could I have some of that too?"
"You certainly are a gluttonous fellow. Hand over your cup."
While shaking her head as though she was astounded, Cardinal still reached out with her left hand and flicked the edge of the cup I pushed forward with a ping. The empty cup immediately filled with the fragrant creamy yellow liquid.
Pulling the cup back in excitement and sipping from it after blowing at the steam, my eyes involuntarily closed at the nostalgic, rich flavor spreading within my mouth. There were soups somewhat similar in Underworld too, but it had truly been two years since I had drank such perfect cream of corn soup.
I let out a satisfied sigh after drinking two, three mouthfuls, then Cardinal's story resumed as though she had been waiting for that.
"Understand this; the taboos binding us are things that can be overruled with merely altering our perception, as I demonstrated with the cup earlier. We... Administrator and I did not think of each other as human the moment we broke into battle. In my eyes, she was a broken system that would harm the world, and in hers, I was a bothersome virus she could not eliminate... There wasn't a single shred of hesitation as we cut each other's Lives away. We exchanged arts of the highest class and I was finally two or three attacks away from eliminating Administrator, or at the very least, bringing it to a draw."
Perhaps recalling the vexation from that time, Cardinal firmly chewed on her small lips.
"However... however, you see. At the end of ends, that depraved woman realized that decisive difference between herself and me."
"Decisive difference...? But the only difference between Administrator and you would be the outward appearances... the two had the exact same system access authority and sacred arts you were versed in as well, right?"
"Naturally. The one who succeeded with the preemptive strike, myself, would obviously be the one to gain victory in the end. Therefore... she threw sacred arts aside. Converting one among the heaps of high priority objects in the room into a weapon, she also at the same time designated the entire space we were battling into an address where system commands were prohibited."
"If... if she did something like that, wouldn't she be unable to lift the prohibition too?"
"Yes, as long as she remained in the space, that is. I realized her aim the moment she chanted the command for weapon creation. However, there was nothing I could do by then. I couldn't lift it either once commands were negated, after all... I reluctantly made a weapon as well and attempted to put an end to her via physical damage."
Cardinal stopped talking and lifted the staff set against the table. She presented it to me in silence, so I reached out with my right hand despite my bewilderment. A weight unimaginable from its slim appearance assailed my right arm the moment I took hold of it and I panicked, using my left hand as well, to barely hold onto it until it touched down upon the table. The staff, which was then laid down onto its side with a heavy thump, evidently possessed a priority higher than both my black sword and Eugeo's Blue Rose Sword.
"I see... it's not just your sacred arts usage authority that's god class, but your weapon equipping authority too, huh?"
When I said so while rubbing my right wrist, Cardinal shrugged her shoulders as though it was only natural.
"Administrator copied not only her memories and thought processes but all of her authorities and Life levels as well, you see. The sword that person generated and this staff that I generated had the exact same level of ability. Even when stuck with physical combat after discarding sacred arts, I thought I would be the one to gain victory in the end. However, upon assuming a stance with the staff, I finally realized Administrator's true aim, that is, that decisive difference between her and me..."
"That's why I'm asking, what exactly is that difference?"
"It's simple. Look at this body."
Cardinal opened the front of her thick robe with her right hand and exposed her body clad in a white blouse, black breeches, and white knee-high socks. It was the figure of a young girl, slim and petite; one that contrasted her manner of speech, like that of an elderly sage, far too much.
Feeling as though I saw something I shouldn't, I asked with my eyes instinctively cast down.
"Exactly what... about that body...?"
Her robe fluttering as she restored it to how it was, Cardinal groaned as though she was irritated.
"Goodness, you're certainly slow, aren't you? Try imagining yourself getting thrown into this body. Your perspective and arm lengths would be utterly different. Would you be able to wield and fight with a sword as you've always done like that?"
"...Ah..."
"Until that moment, I had always been in Administrator's... that is, Quinella's body which was rather tall for a woman. I didn't take much notice of it during our exchange of sacred arts, but... at the point when I wielded this staff and braced for the enemy's attack, I finally understood that I had been chased into a critical plight."
I certainly could agree now that she pointed it out. Even in the numerous VRMMOs in the real world, getting used to judging distances in close-range physical combat if one were to choose an avatar with a size much too far away from one's real body required quite an amount of time.
"...By the way, what's the difference in height between Administrator and yourself as you currently are...?"
"It ought to easily be over fifty centimeters. That broad grin she had on her face as she looked down upon me from her height is still vivid in my memories. The battle started anew immediately after, but upon crossing weapons rampantly two or three times, I had no choice but to admit my defeat was certain..."
"Th-Then... what happened?"
She obviously clambered out of it somehow, seeing as she was talking to me, but I still ended up holding my breath unintentionally.
"Administrator's advantage was decisive, but she also committed a single mistake. You see, if she had locked the room's exit before prohibiting the usage of system commands, I would have been killed with no path of escape. Possessing no human emotions, I—"
Cardinal's expression appeared truly vexed, but I won't be cutting in the conversation with that.
"—judged that I had to withdraw not a moment sooner and ran towards the door like lightning. All while Administrator's sword, swinging down from behind, reduced my Life as it grazed my back..."
"Th-That was... scary, huh..."
"I did expect you would someday end up in a situation like mine too, though. With how you've been ogling and flirting with females everywhere during these two years and two months."
"I... I haven't been ogling, flirting, or doing anything of that sort."
I strongly rubbed my mouth upon receiving that unforeseen assault, then abruptly frowned.
"N-No, wait a minute. Two years and two months... don't tell me you've always been watching me...?"
"Of course I have. It may have been two years and two months among the two hundred years I went through, but it was still unexpectedly long."
"Whaa......"
I could feel nothing but astonishment. So that meant this young sage had observed my every action here and there down to the last detail? It wasn't like I was purposefully taking any action of questionable conduct that I couldn't let others see, but neither did I have the confidence to say that I didn't take any. However, there wasn't any time to inspect the individual memories over the last two and a bit years right now... or so I told myself, forcibly pulling back my thoughts.
"W-Well, I won't chase the issue for now. ...So, how did you escape from Administrator?"
"Fn. —Getting out of the living room on the top floor of the cathedral somehow, I regained the authority to use sacred arts, but the situation did not change. After all, if I tried to counterattack with sacred arts, she would simply have to designate the hallway as a prohibited space this time. It would be like doing nothing but changing my means of escape from running to flight. I figured I needed to run into areas her attacks could not reach to remake my preparations."
"Even if you say that... Administrator's the supervisor of the world like her name suggests, right? Is there anywhere she can't get in?"
"Certainly, she was a god that assumed the name of a supervisor, but she doesn't quite possess the absolute omnipotence of one. There are only two places in this world where she can't do as she likes."
"Two places...?"
"One would be beyond the mountain range at the edge... the Dark Territory that the masses of the Human World labeled the land of darkness. The other would be the Great Library Room that we are in right now. In the beginning, this library room was a space created by Administrator upon finding out about the limit to her own memory, to use as an external memory storage device, so to speak. It stores the extensive amount of data related to all system commands as well as Underworld. —Thus, she thought that she had to do all she could to prevent any human aside from herself from coming in here. Hence, she set it within the cathedral despite not linking it there spatially. There exists only a single door to enter and additionally, the command to call it out was known only to her... no, only to her and me."
"H-Haa..."
I looked around the Great Library Room with its passages, stairs and bookshelves arranged over several floors once again. The cylindrical wall appeared to be made from plain bricks, but—
"Then, beyond that wall is..."
"Nothing. The wall itself is invincible, but it is likely only a stretch of nothingness would await you on its other side if it ever broke."
I started wondering exactly what would happen if one plunged in there, but I lightly shook my head and shifted my thoughts away.
"—Erm, that single door you mentioned was the one we passed through when we entered from the rose garden earlier?"
"Nay, that door was one I created much later. Humongous double doors existed in the center of the lowest floor until two hundred years ago. As I ran from Administrator's pursuit with my life at stake, I recited the art to call out those doors. I was still obstructed around two times despite my speed. Somehow completing the command, I leapt through the doors that appeared beyond the hallway, and immediately shut and locked them."
"Locked... that said, the highest minister's authority level was the same as yours, so wouldn't it get opened from the other side?"
"I suppose. However, luckily, while locking it from inside the library room is done by turning the key ninety degrees to the right, unlocking it from outside required a tedious art ritual. Separated by a single set of doors, I chanted a new art ritual while listening to Administrator's voice, filled with a cold intent to murder, chant the unlock command. The moment the key turned to the left before my eyes was roughly the same time as I finished my ritual..."
Perhaps recalling her memories of that time, Cardinal gently squeezed her own body with her arms. It was a story from two hundred years ago, but a chill ran down my spine from just imagining the scene. Finishing up the corn soup, of which a little remained, I took in a breath of air and asked.
"The ritual you chanted then was one to rupture the door... is that it?"
"Yes. I severed the one and only path that linked the cathedral to this Great Library Room, those huge doors, into tiny pieces. In that instant, this place was completely isolated from the outside world and I managed to escape from Administrator's pursuit... and that's how it happened."
"...And the reason why the highest minister didn't make a door again...?"
"I mentioned earlier, did I not, that Administrator first created the Great Library Room with the doors, after which she separated it from the cathedral. The coordinate values of this space in the system are constantly changing random numbers in unused regions. Unless one could accurately predict those integers, external interference is no longer possible."
"I see... But the Central Cathedral's coordinates are fixed, so it's possible to connect passages from here to the outside, huh?"
"That's exactly it. That said, doors created are immediately detected by Administrator's familiars after they are opened even once, so they can't be used a second time. Like that door in the rose garden that picked both Eugeo and you up earlier."
"I-I'm really sorry about that..."
I lowered my head meekly and the young sage let out a small laugh before shifting her sight towards the library room's domed ceiling. The two eyes beyond her glasses narrowed and she murmured as though mulling over something.
"...I fought the error I should have been correcting, Administrator, and irrefutably lost. Fleeing in an unsightly manner, I took refuge in this place... devoting myself to absolutely nothing but observation and deliberation for the two hundred years since..."
"...Two hundred years..."
—Or so I muttered, but there was no way I, who experienced seventeen and a half years in the real world and an accelerated two years in Underworld for a total of less than twenty years, could grasp a real feel for that length of time. I could only image it as a vast stream of time at most.
The girl before my eyes had lived through a period of time that could practically be said to be equivalent to infinity. On her own in this Great Library Room without even a single rat, surrounded only by mountains of silent books. Even words like solitude failed to express it any longer, that was the utter isolation from the world. I could never stand two hundred years even if I was left in this same situation. I would definitely open the door on my own volition even if I knew it led to my own ruin.
No, wait. Before that—
"Cardinal... you did say the lifespan of a fluct light was around a hundred and fifty years, didn't you? Nearing that limit was what made Administrator try and copy her own fluct light and all... How exactly did you get through those two hundred years worth of time after splitting off?"
"I suppose it was only natural for you to ask that."
Cardinal took some time to return the now-empty cup onto the table, then nodded.
"Even if my fluct light was a copy selectively sorted by Administrator, there isn't anywhere near the scope needed for an even longer stretch of memories to be placed in. Therefore, rearranging my own memories had to be my first course of action upon securing the momentary safety after escaping into the Great Library Room."
"Re-Rearranging...?"
"Indeed. The topic that came out earlier in that example, directly editing a file without a backup. My consciousness would have probably dissolved into light within the light cube if even a single accident occurred during the operation."
"Er-Erm... So, that means you still held the authority to manipulate that Light Cube Cluster somewhere in the real world even after getting confined within this library room, right? In that case, rather than accessing your own, wouldn't it be possible to go for Administrator's fluct light and do some kind of attack like blasting away her soul...?"
"That would work just as well the other way round, after all. But unfortunately—or perhaps fortunately, the type of sacred arts that change a target's state generally require one to be in direct contact with the target unit or object, or at the very least, have the target within one's line of sight. Even with the concept of «range» around, that is. As such, that was why Administrator had to bother taking the daughter of the furniture shop owner all the way up to the top floor of the cathedral, and like how she needed to take you and Eugeo to the church."
I involuntarily shivered upon hearing that. If we hadn't succeeded in our reckless breakout, who knew what would have happened at the place where interrogation and whatever else would be conducted.
"—In other words, having isolated myself in this library room, I was unable to attack Administrator's fluct light regardless of how much power I had and was able to avert attacks from her at the same time."
Regardless of whether she knew of my anxiety or not, Cardinal lowered her long eyelashes behind those glasses and continued her words.
"Rearranging my own soul... was truly an intimidating operation. After all, those memories that could currently be vividly recalled would disappear without leaving a trace behind with a single command. However, I had no choice but to do it. I could easily imagine that it would take a terrifyingly long time to delete Administrator with the state of affairs then, you see. —In the end, I deleted all the memories I had when I was Quinella, as well as those after becoming Administrator; ninety-seven percent in all..."
"Wha... th-that's practically everything, isn't it!?"
"Indeed. That long, long story of Quinella I spoke to you about was actually not experienced personally by myself but merely knowledge I wrote down before the deletion. I cannot even remember the faces of the parents who brought me up. Neither the warmth of the bed I fell into slumber each night, nor the taste of the sweet fried bread I used to love... I mentioned, didn't I, that I do not even possess a single shred of human emotions. I am a program with nearly all memories and emotions lost, taking action purely under the order branded into my soul, «to stop the main process that went insane». That's the sort of existence I am."
"......"
Cardinal's face was cast downwards as a smile rose to its surface, but it appeared to be filled with a loneliness so deep that it couldn't be expressed in words from my point of view. You aren't a program; you should have emotions just like me and the rest of the humans; I wanted to say so, but the words wouldn't come out.
Raising her face, Cardinal glanced at me sunk in silence and smiled again before she began moving her mouth once more.
"...As the result of selectively deleting my memories, I secured sufficient free capacity in my fluct light for the time being. Having gained much time, I recovered from my miserable escape and worked on a plan in order to deal a blow against Administrator in return. —I considered catching her unaware and bringing a face-to-face fight to her once again. It's not possible to open a passage to this library room from outside, but as you stated earlier, the reverse is true, after all. The command to install a door has a «range» as well, but anywhere from the Central Cathedral's garden to its middle floors are within it. She does descend to the lower floors of the tower, although seldom, so opening a door at those times could open up the possibility for a surprise attack. And I have gotten used to controlling this body unexpectedly easily too."
"...So that's it. It does sound worth it if you can guarantee a preemptive attack, but... still, it's quite a gamble, right? It wouldn't have been odd if Administrator had something up her sleeves..."
A surprise attack rarely succeeds with the other party conscious of the possbility. There were several times I set up and was set up for an ambush in my SAO times too, but most of the time it didn't work out with the target on his or her guard, thinking 'a surprise attack looks likely to happen over there'. Cardinal nodded, seemingly annoyed, when I pointed it out.
"Before Quinella even became the highest minister, she had the gift for finding out others' weaknesses. Like how she noticed my weakness; my stature, in the midst of that battle after we separated, she deduced the advantage she had that I didn't in the new state of affairs and made haste to utilize it."
"Advantage... But you and Administrator basically possess the exact same level of capability in offense and defense, right? And well, how do I say this, also your intellects."
"I do have qualms with how you put it, evidently."
She snorted, then continued.
"There is almost no difference in combat potential between her and I by ourselves. Of course, that applies only while it stays as a one-on-one match, of course."
"One-on-one... —Aah, so that's it."
"That's indeed how it is. I am a recluse with no one to turn to, while in comparison to her, she is the ruler of an enormous organization, the Axiom Church... Administrator became strongly aware of the perils of copying her own fluct light through giving birth to a hindrance, me, and being driven to the brink of death. That said, the circumstances of her synaptic pathways failing due to her memory overload had not changed. She had to resort to something, but unlike me, she did not venture into the high-risk measure of directly editing her memories. There, she reluctantly settled with a compromise. She maintained the minimum free capacity required by deleting extremely recent peripheral memories, an operation with a low risk, and reduced the amount of newly recorded information to the best of her ability."
"Reduce... even though you say that, don't memories just accumulate as you go through each day whether you want them to or not?"
"It depends on the way you spend it, does it not? More information gets inputted the more you see, the more places you go, the more thoughts you think, but how would it be for example if you didn't take even a single step from the canopy bed in your room and spent the entire time with your eyes shut?"
"Uh... there's no way I could do that. I would even prefer swinging a sword for the entire day."
"I am aware of your lack of composure well enough without needing you to point it out now."
I couldn't say anything about that. I don't know her objectives in doing so, but if Cardinal had always been observing my actions, she would have already been well aware of those casual strolls I took without informing Eugeo whenever I had free time.
Immediately tightening her mouth that was slowly forming into a smile, the sage continued talking.
"...However, Administrator does not have those 'I'm bored' or 'I have nothing to do' emotions, unlike you. That person would lie on her bed for days and weeks if necessary. Immersing in her sweet memories, from a time before she became the ruler of the world, within her semi-conscious slumber, that is..."
"But she's the one at the top of the Axiom Church, right? Wouldn't she have duties to perform, speeches to give, or anything else that she has no choice but to do on account of her position?"
"Certainly, there are such responsibilities. She has to have an audience with the four emperors during the religious festival at the start of the year and she needs to descend to the middle and lower floors of the cathedral to check on the management system for the world at scheduled times. And each time with her guard up against any possible surprise attacks from me too. There, Administrator took up new measures. She delegated most of her duties and at the same time, gathered loyal yet powerful followers to serve as her escorts..."
"And so there's the advantage that you, alone by yourself, don't have and that she, as the ruler of an enormous organization, does, huh? ...On the contrary though, doesn't that increase the level of uncertainty? If she gathers several escorts capable of facing off against you, with the same level of combat potential as her, and those people decided to rebel against her, Administrator wouldn't be able to prevail either, right?"
Cardinal lightly shrugged her shoulders and repeated that same word as a reply to my question.
"Didn't I say they were absolutely loyal?"[2]
"Sure, the inhabitants of this world don't disobey orders from their superiors, but you did say that wasn't an absolute either. If those escorts were to think that the highest minister was a pawn of the land of darkness by some influence..."
"Naturally, that woman understands that the possibility is not zero also. After all, she did turn a multitude of humans with high transgression quotients into research subjects. Blind obedience is not always loyalty... no, that woman would not trust an escort even if the escort swore an oath of allegiance from the heart. After all, that woman was betrayed by even a copy of herself."
Saying so, Cardinal broadly grinned.
"She required a guarantee that the escorts would definitely not betray her under any circumstances to then bestow upon them authorities and equipment worthy of opposing me. So what could she do? The answer was simple: she would merely have to alter them to become so, through their very fluct lights."
"...Wh-What did you say?"
"The complex command for that had already been completed. Namely, the «Synthesis Ritual»."
"Erm... the unification between soul and memory, was it?"
"Yes. In addition, she had a plentiful supply of high-quality raw materials that possessed powerful souls. The humans with high transgression quotients she had captured, used in her experiments and frozen for preservation afterward, were all endowed with high capabilities, without a single exception. ...Or rather, perhaps I should say that they had harbored suspicion towards the Taboo Index and Axiom Church due to their excellent wisdom and physique... There was a hero known as an unparallelled swordsman, who ran to the remote regions with his comrades and pioneered his own village due to his hatred for the church's rule, among those first captured. That swordsman tried to cross the «mountain range at the edge» that separated the Human World and the Dark Territory, which was what caused him to get abducted by the church, but Administrator chose him to be her first loyal escort."
It sounded like a story I heard somewhere; Cardinal continued onward while I struggled in chasing after that thought.
"Most of that swordsman's memories were damaged by the experiments, but that, on the contrary, tilted more to Administrator's advantage. Any memories before his capture were merely a nuisance, after all. That person used an object that enforces unconditional loyalty towards her, the «Piety Module», and... well, it looks like a purple prism around this size..."
Cardinal held her small hands apart about ten centimeters as she spoke.
The hair over my entire body jolted up the instant I pictured that object in my mind. I had seen that thing before. And it had been just a few hours ago too.
"...In the Synthesis Ritual, that prism embeds itself into the target's head through the middle of the forehead. Through that, the soul that had its memories plundered unifies with the manufactured memories that also serve as principles of behavior, resulting in a new individuality. A supreme warrior who swears an oath of absolute allegiance to the church and Administrator, and acts purely for the sake of preserving the Human World as it is... The ritual succeeded and Administrator termed the person who awoke as an Integrator, as he was one who reforms disorder, preserves integrity, and unifies all under the church's rule, across the entire world. If you're climbing the cathedral, the possibility of that person, the oldest integrity knight, standing before you and Eugeo is not zero. It would be best to remember his name."
Cardinal stared into my face and solemnly continued.
"Bercouli Synthesis One... that is the name of that knight."
"...N-No, that's impossible, there's no way that's it."
I shook my head with all my might before Cardinal could close her lips.
Bercouli.
Wasn't that the name of that legendary great hero Eugeo had once told me about, with an expression filled with admiration? He was the brave warrior from the first generation of settlers at Rulid Village; he explored the mountain range at the edge and tried to steal the «Blue Rose Sword» from the white dragon that protected the Human World.
I believe not even Eugeo knew about Bercouli's final years. Eugeo probably imagined he had continued living in Rulid and grown old—the thought that Bercouli had been abducted by Administrator and remodeled into her first integrity knight would never have occurred to him.
"Hey... hey, Cardinal, you also know how Eugeo and I teamed up, and still had an extremely difficult fight against Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one... who would be the thirty-first integrity knight, right? How could you expect us to fight against number one all of a sudden and win?"
The sage, however, simply shrugged her shoulders and swept my objection aside.
"You can't spare any time to shiver over Bercouli alone. Like you've said, the grand total of integrity knights has reached thirty-one now."
There are another thirty masters stronger than Eldrie. Wanting to avert my eyes from the harsh reality, I spoke.
"Despite there being so many, I haven't seen a lot of them. I have only seen an integrity knight on a flying dragon in the night sky once ever since I came to the central capital."
"Naturally; the main duty of the integrity knights is the defense of the mountain range at the edge, after all. They would only be in the city when a major criminal who defied the Taboo Index appeared and that hasn't happened even once in these ten years. Normally, even the nobles and imperial families have no chance to see the integrity knights, let alone the rest of the populace. ...One could say that a distance was formed between them, however..."
"Hmm... Ah, but does that mean that the majority of the thirty knights are at the mountain range at the edge?"
I asked with a hint of anticipation, but Cardinal readily shook her head.
"I wouldn't say it's the majority. The number of knights awake within the cathedral right now should be, at the very least, twelve or thirteen. If you and Eugeo intend to complete your respective goals, you would generally have no choice but to break through them to reach the cathedral's top floor."
"Even if you say that... we have no choice..."
Sliding on the chair as I sank into depression, I let out a deep sigh.
To put it into RPG-ish terms, I'm feeling like I had just plunged into the last dungeon with absolutely none of the necessary equipment and levels. True, I made the far, far journey to the central capital so that I could struggle to the cathedral's top floor and contact someone in the real world, but I feel like I could honestly even say that the disparity in combat ability between the integrity knights and us was beyond hope.
I dropped my gaze to my chest in silence. Thanks to the magical meat bun I had gotten from Cardinal, the wound I had received from Integrity Knight Eldrie's «armament full control art» had completely healed, but traces still remained in that spot, a stinging pain.
There would hardly be any chance of clearing it through frontal attacks alone if the knights appearing from now onwards were to be stronger than Eldrie... thinking about that, I recalled the curious incident after the end of the battle in the rose garden once more.
The integrity knight suddenly suffered pain upon being told his own history and the name of his mother by Eugeo, falling on his knees onto the ground. The transparent prism that rose out with purple light from his forehead while he was half-conscious— That was definitely the actual «Piety Module» Cardinal spoke of earlier. It was the key item used to alter the integrity knights' ego and memories, turning them into slaves absolutely loyal to the highest minister.
But was that effect really as absolute as Cardinal had said? Eldrie seemed like he would have been freed from the module's coercive force just by hearing his mother's name... from my point of view, at least. If the same phenomenon can develop on the other knights as well, that would mean there is another method aside from crossing swords with them head-on and open up the possibility of Eugeo's dear wish, «restoring Integrity Knight Alice to the original Alice», coming true.
Cardinal's calm voice reached my ears while I was sunk in my thoughts.
"There is a little more until the end of my story, may I continue?"
"...Ah, aah, please go ahead."
"Very well. —Now then, as Administrator had completed several integrity knights, starting from Bercouli, the chance of a surprise attack from me endlessly fell. Although they weren't at Administrator's level, the knights definitely had high offensive and defensive abilities, seeing as it was impossible for even me to instantaneously delete them. I had no choice but to resign myself to having our battle extended for all perpetuity..."
It seems Cardinal's long, long story was finally reaching its end. I straightened my posture atop the chair and focused on the sage's dignified tone.
"With the new change in the situation, it became clear that I, too, needed a collaborator. —However, finding one willing to fight the ruler of the world with me would be no easy task. You see, that person would first have to possess a transgression quotient high enough to break the Taboo Index, as well as combat strength and sacred arts usage authority on par with the integrity knights on top of that. I risked the perils and opened a door as far as I could to use a different art, «consciousness sharing», upon the living birds and insects nearby and released them all over the whole world..."
"Ha-haa... So those were your eyes and ears, huh. Could that be how you observed me too...?"
"Indeed."
Cardinal gave a broad grin and reached out with her right hand. Facing the palm upwards, she curled her fingertips as though calling for someone. Upon which—
"Uwaah!?"
Some kind of small object suddenly jumped out from the area around my fringe, landing onto Cardinal's palm without a sound. When I took a look, it was a pitch-black spider smaller than even the fingertip of my little finger. Nimbly turning about, it looked up at me with the four deep-crimson eyes it had in front of its head and lifted its right foreleg, greeting me... or so it appeared.
"Her name is Charlotte. She has always been there observing the speech and behavior of both of you from your forelocks, the insides of your pocket, or even a corner of the room at times, ever since you left Rulid Village with Eugeo. ...It seems she did more than purely observing every now and then, however."
The spider retracted its eight legs and shrugged its tiny shoulders at Cardinal's chiding; or so it appeared.
I finally realized after those cute gestures. The one who tugged a strand of my forelocks and taught me the correct path to go while fleeing from the integrity knight riding on the flying dragon might possibly be this thing. No, it wasn't just that one time. I do recall that same sensation I felt countless times at the important times ever since I set out on a journey from Rulid, entered the swordsmanship tournament at Zakkaria and became a guard, even after I enrolled in the Sword Mastery Academy in the central.
"...So, that tugging thing wasn't some divine inspiration of mine, but because my hair was really being pulled on, huh..."
I recalled all of those scenes from one place or another as I murmured in a daze, before that final, and especially important memory came back to me. Unable to hold it back, I leaned forward and whispered to the black spider that wasn't even five millimeters in size, staying motionlessly on Cardinal's palm.
"Th-That's right, could it have been you that time too... were you the one who encouraged me when all those budding zephyrias I grew were cut...? The one who said to believe in the wishes of the surrounding flowers..."
The voice remaining in my memories was that of a somewhat adult woman. In that case, the black spider before my eyes might have the individuality of a female as the name, Charlotte, suggests, but could a bug that wasn't even human have a soul—a fluct light in the first place?
As I toyed around with my various doubts, Charlotte answered none of them and continued looking at me with her deep red eyes, but then abruptly got off Cardinal's palm, nimbly ran onto the table, and disappeared after jumping into a bookshelf nearby.
Having sent off the small familiar, Cardinal murmured in a gentle tone.
"Charlotte was the oldest observational unit I sent into the various lands of the Human World through art rituals. Her long, long duty had finally reached its end with this. The natural degeneration of her Life was frozen, so I suppose she had already worked for over two hundred years..."
"...Observational unit..."
Muttering so, I looked at the bookshelf Charlotte slipped into once again. There should have been nothing more to her duty than just observing Eugeo and me. However, in these two years since I left Rulid, Charlotte had pulled on my forelocks and whispered to me occasional advice, coming to my aid countless times. Thinking from a different perspective, she was a fellow traveler closer to me than even Eugeo was, even if I didn't notice her existence.
—Thank you.
Expressing my gratitude within my heart, I faced the bookshelf and lowered my head.
Turning my gaze back to Cardinal, I asked after a short moment of thought.
"So, in other words, you've... shut yourself up in this Great Library Room for over a whole two hundred years while searching for a human worthy of being a collaborator through the eyes and ears of familiars...?"
"Yes. I am unable to check out humans' transgression quotients directly from here, you see. Whenever gossip of peculiar incidents reach my ears, I have the observational units move there and observe the humans that caused it... I devoted myself to searching in that steadfast manner. Many times have I seen a human that caught my attention taken away by the integrity knights before my eyes. I may not possess emotions, but the knowledge of the meanings of the words, 'disappointment' and 'perseverance', were forced into me. ...Honestly speaking, the idea of soon getting acquainted with the meaning of the phrase, 'giving up', had occurred to me in these ten years or so."
A smile, with the weight of two hundred years behind it, drifted onto Cardinal's small lips.
"You see, while I sat and viewed the world, Administrator built up a more proactive system to ensure mighty warriors would become integrity knights. And that is the truth behind what you and Eugeo were aiming for, the «Four Empires Unity Tournament»."
"...So that means to say that the swordsmen that gained victory in the tournament did not take up the honor of being appointed as an integrity knight, but..."
"They were made into integrity knights, regardless of their will. The strongest puppets, with their prior memories sealed away and possessing blind obedience towards the highest minister. Families that contributed greatly to the number of the integrity knights were given monetary rewards, lavish enough to dazzle their eyes, and granted the status of upper class aristocrats, causing the unanimous opinion among parents of the nobles and wealthy merchants to have their children study the sword. And those knights themselves were posted to lands where contact with their original families was impossible, severing their connections with the past."
"...So what you meant by 'a distance forming between them' was..."
"Yes, that contrivance. —Among the thirty integrity knights, half were those arrested for committing a taboo, while the other half are all tournament champions. That Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one who bruised you was one among them as well."
"I see... so that's how it works, huh..."
Letting out a gloomy sigh, I murmured.
So it was instead a stroke of luck, that Sortiliena-senpai, who I served as a valet, and Gorgolosso-senpai, who Eugeo served, had failed to achieve victory in the tournament this year. If Sortiliena-senpai had won against Eldrie and proceeded to become the tournament champion, then she would have been the one lying in wait at the rose garden plaza, as an integrity knight with her memories lost.
That wasn't all to it. If the case with Raios and Humbert hadn't happened and everything went how Eugeo and I had first aimed at, being elected as the academy representatives and successfully winning through the tournament next year... Or perhaps, if we had failed to escape from the underground jail and got dragged out to that interrogation place. It didn't matter to a natural fluct light like myself, but Eugeo had a high chance of ending up as the thirty-second integrity knight. This was what the saying, "go for wool and come back shorn", was meant for.
Cardinal spoke in a soft voice as my body shuddered.
"—Thus, in these more than two hundred years, Administrator steadily solidified her defenses and my hopes endlessly dwindled. Even I've considered it. About why I even had to bother with something like this..."
Those burnt-brown eyes gazed at the Great Library Room's high ceiling. Her two eyes flickered countlessly as though she saw a mirage of warm sunlight through that chilly stone dome.
"...The world I saw through the observers' eyes was beautiful and bathed in light. There were children having fun running around the grassy plains, girls blushing red with love, and mothers affectionately smiling upon the babies carried in their arms. If nothing had happened to the original owner of this body, that daughter of the furniture shop owner, as she grew up, would have received all of that. She should have been able to live an ordinary life, ignorant of the world's contrivances, and reminiscence about her blessed lifetime while on the brink of death as her family took care of her sixty, seventy years down the road..."
Was it a figment of my imagination that Cardinal, lowering her eyelashes as she stitched her words together in a whisper, gently shivered?
"...I resented the behavioral principle of correcting the main process's mistakes burnt into the core of my soul. And I decided that I was an old woman soon to die. A withered, old tree that had already lost all radiance of the living and purely awaits the moment its Life runs out. Strangely enough, my manner of speech had also turned out in this manner without my intent. In those ceaseless days of losing myself in the work of the humans through the borrowed ears of the familiars I released into the world, I continued thinking. Why did the gods from the outside world who created this one leave Administrator's tyranny alone...? Creation Goddess Stacia, Sun Goddess Solus, and Land Goddess Terraria are fabricated gods made by the Axiom Church for their rule, but the name of the true god, «Rath», can be spotted everywhere on the catalog that lists down every system command, after all. Rath is the collective name of the gods... and Cardinal is the false god created by them, without a soul, its existence made up by the two behavioral principles burnt into Administrator and myself. Questions about that world stacked up ever higher the more I knew of its secrets, without them ever being resolved."
"Wait... wait a moment."
Unable to follow the rapid development of the story, I cut into the conversation.
"Then... that thing about this world being a simulation created by Rath and that thing about the original Cardinal being a program with two processes, one main and one sub, were what you figured out through just conjecture too?"
"It's nothing to be surprised over. Anyone can reach that conclusion with two hundred years worth of time and the built-in database of the Cardinal System."
"Database... I see, so that's where you got that vocabulary of yours so different from those of the Underworld inhabitants, huh?"
"Along with the flavor of that corn soup you drank earlier. That said, there is probably much deviation between my understanding of many terms and yours... However, this guess, at the very least, is definitely accurate. The reason why Underworld is much too imperfect despite its roots in creationism and why Administrator's unsightly reign remains disregarded... there is only one possible reason left. The true god, Rath, does not wish for the humans in this world to lead happy lives. Instead, it is the opposite... this world exists purely for them to observe what sort of resistance the inhabitants would put up as a humongous vise slowly, slowly clamps down upon them. —You might not know, but there has been an increase in deaths among humans unable to maintain their Lives due to causes such as endemic diseases, rampancy of dangerous beasts, and poor harvest of crops in the remote areas in recent years. This is a phenomenon brought about by the increase in the «load parameter» even Administrator is unable to change."
"Load... parameter? Now that you mention it, you said something like that earlier, didn't you. Some kind of load experiment or something."
"Yes. Strictly speaking, the load is still continuing day after day at the current moment, but... as recorded in the database, the trial that will appear in the final phase of the load experiment is incomparable to something minor like a disease."
"What exactly... will be happening...?"
"This egg, known as the Human World, held within the vise will finally have its shell broken. You know of it too, do you not, of what lies outside the Human World?"
"The Dark Territory...?"
"Exactly. That world of darkness is the device built in order to confer ultimate anguish upon the populace. I said so earlier, but those labeled as monsters of the darkness, the goblins, orcs, and other races are existences with the same fluct lights as humans, endowed with behavioral principles to slaughter and pillage. They are organized in a straightforward manner; a hierarchy where strength determines superiority, building up a primitive but powerful army. Their population may be half that of the Human World, but their individual combat ability is likely far beyond that of humans. That horrifying group is eagerly awaiting the day, that even the word, atrocious, will fail to describe, when they invade the territory of the people of the Human World who they call «ium» in their language. It's likely a tale not too far off in the future."
"An army..."
The topic provoked more than mere shivers. It would be no exaggeration to say that the goblin leader that participated in a struggle to the death with me in the cave in the mountain range at the edge, two years ago, was a ferocious fighter. Simply thinking about how a military with several thousands or several tens of thousands of those like him would come marauding caused my blood to freeze. I shook my head falteringly as I spoke in a croaky voice.
"...The Human World have many guards and knights as well... but I won't mince my words, they have no chance of winning. They have absolutely no possibility of winning with that sort of swordsmanship in this world that focuses on artistic value..."
With that, Cardinal immediately replied with a nod.
"Obviously. ...Rath's plans likely had the Human World forming up a mighty army capable of opposing the Dark Territory right about now. Their usage authorities for equipment and sacred arts would increase through continuous battles against the minor but incessant raids of goblins, while working out swordsmanship styles and group tactics applicable for actual combat. However, as you know as well, that is far from the present situation. Swordsmen have never experienced actual combat, pursuing nothing but the ascetic appeal of their styles, and the army commanders, those upper class nobles, wallow in extravagance. This entire state of affairs has been brought about by Administrator and the integrity knights that she created."
"...What do you mean?"
"There is no doubt that integrity knights, with authorities of the highest level and sacred instrument-class equipment bestowed upon them, are powerful. Powerful enough to sweep away something on the level of those invading groups of goblins from the mountain range at the edge without any trouble, with merely eight of them guarding it. —However, due to that, the commoners who were originally supposed to fight those goblins ended up going through several hundreds of years without experiencing a single battle. The masses know nothing about the oncoming menace and live on immersed in the unending stagnation known as peace..."
"...Does Administrator know that the final phase of the load experiment will be beginning soon?"
"She ought to know. However, she underestimates the army of darkness, believing the thirty integrity knights and herself alone are capable of driving them away without a hitch. Her belief is so deep that she even had those guardian dragons in the north, south, east, and west, who were supposed to provide a valuable boost in war potential, massacred on the reasoning that she could not dominate their actions. It would likely sadden your partner if he heard this; that the one who slaughtered the white dragon, a charming conversationalist in the legends, was Bercouli himself after being remodeled into an integrity knight."
"...It's best if he doesn't hear of that story."
I muttered so with a sigh. Recalling that mountain of bones I saw underground in the mountain range at the edge, I shut my eyes for a moment before lifting my face and asking.
"Realistically speaking, how would it turn out? When the army of darkness comes attacking, would Administrator and the integrity knights be able to go up against them alone?"
"It's impossible."
Cardinal promptly refuted.
"True, the integrity knights are experts who have experienced many years of actual combat, but their numbers are definitely too few and they would be overwhelmed. Also, the sacred arts Administrator commands have the strength of natural disasters, but as I have mentioned, she has to expose herself within the range of the enemies as well, to use those arts. Even if each individual of the army of darkness poses absolutely no match for Administrator, their sacred arts... no, perhaps I should call them dark arts instead, anyway, they have as many system command users as there are stars in the skies. Even if she were to incinerate a hundred art users with a deluge of lightning bolts, she would probably be pierced through in the next instant with a thousand flames. I wouldn't know if she would die with that enormous Life of hers, but at the very least, it is certain she would flee back to this tower."
"Hold... hold on for a bit, please. That means... the fate of this world won't change regardless of whether we defeat Administrator or not, doesn't it? You wouldn't be able to drive away the army of darkness even upon regaining all the authorities of the Cardinal System, would you?"
Cardinal affirmed the words, muttered by me in a daze, with a deep nod.
"It is exactly as you've said. I already have no methods left to stop the invasion from the Dark Territory with how far things have come."
"...In other words... as long as you complete your goal of eliminating Administrator, the malfunctioning main process... you wouldn't care one bit about what happens to this world... is that what you're saying...?"
"...That might be true."
The voice that finally let that out was faint enough to blend into the crackling of flames from the surrounding lamps.
"Yes... what I'm aiming for might be the same as letting things play out on their own if you look upon it as an end where many souls are extinguished... However... if either you or I sit here and do nothing, then soon... I do not know if it's a year ahead, or two, but it is certainly likely that the troops of darkness will march onwards into the Human World; then the villages will burn, the fields will be trampled, and many people will be murdered. The words known to me fail to express... just how extreme a disaster, just how overwhelmingly cruel the hell I fear shall make its appearance will be. —However, you see... even if I recover all of my authorities and work out a command that would burn the monsters of darkness to nothing in a single blow, I will not use it. If you are to ask for a reason, it will be because they didn't exactly desire to be monsters. I believe I mentioned this; that I couldn't reach an answer even after a hundred years of thinking. Listen here... even if a ruler like Administrator did not appear and the world continued down its originally planned track, the opposite would happen instead; the humans would have built up a mighty army, invaded the Dark Territory, and subjected the inhabitants of that country to the limits of atrocity as they massacred them to the very end!"
Cardinal's soft voice gradually carried a sharpness like that of a whip and assaulted my ears with a snap.
"Regardless of which one falls, the end of the world will be soaked in an abominable amount of blood. After all, that end itself is what the god, Rath, desired. I... I cannot accept a god like that. I definitely cannot accept such an ending. As such... upon realizing that I was unable to avert the load experimental phase's approach, I arrived at a single conclusion. No matter what it takes, I will remove Administrator before that time comes, recover my authorities as the Cardinal System... and render everything in the Underworld null, both the Human World and the Dark Territory."
"Render... null...?"
Mechanically repeating the words, my eyes opened, feeling as though it was their first time doing so.
"What exactly do you mean...?"
"It is just as I said. I will delete every fluct light stored within the cradle of souls, the Light Cube Cluster. The inhabitants of the Human World, and the inhabitants of darkness as well, without leaving behind a single one."
A firm determination and resolution filled Cardinal's youthful face with her declaration, sealing my mouth away for a while. After spending some time, I could somehow conceptualize a definite image for that final solution the girl's words pointed towards.
"That's... essentially, if an end where many people die in a cruel and painful way can't be avoided, it would be better to just perform euthanasia on everyone...?"
"Euthanasia...? —No, that would be the wrong term to use."
Perhaps searching through the database built into the system, Cardinal blinked once before she shook her head.
"It is probably unimaginable for a human of the host world like yourself, possessing a cognizance media different from the light cube, but the souls of the inhabitants living in this world can be deleted with a moment of manipulation. They can disappear without even enough resistance to make a flame on a candle waver, without them noticing a thing... That is no different from the deed of murdering a person in the first place, but..."
It was probably a conclusion she considered thoroughly over a long period of time; I could feel nothing but reverberations filled with profound resignation and futility in Cardinal's voice as she spoke.
"Of course, ideally speaking, the best way would be for this world itself to escape from Rath's grasp forever, writing its own, original history. It's not impossible to have a bloodless reconciliation between the Human World and the Dark Territory by spending a few hundred years duration on it. However... you should be the one most aware of how much of a pipe dream it is, to become independent of the god, Rath, shouldn't you?"
I bit my lips and pondered the sudden inquiry.
I do not know where in Japan the true form of Underworld in the real world was, where the huge Light Cube Cluster was set up. However, naturally, the cluster and its paired machines consume a whole lot of electricity, so implementing complete independence is clearly impossible in that sense.
Adding to that, Rath was not managing Underworld as a charity enterprise. Kikuoka Seijirou was actually a member of the Self Defense Force and if my suspicion of his deep connections to the founding of Rath proves right, this experiment should have some tangible aim involving national security. Even if Cardinal recovered all her authorities and opened a communication channel to the outside, requesting for Underworld's independence, there shouldn't be any possibility for those in Rath to accept that.
Yes—thinking back about it, even if I managed to reach the top floor of the Central Cathedral and contact Kikuoka, there was utterly no guarantee that he would listen to my plea of preserving the Underworld as it is by interacting with Eugeo. All of the artificial fluct lights are plain experiment subjects to Rath and in the first place, the current Underworld is itself nothing more than a single instance of multiple trial runs.
To put it in other words, there is probably only one method if the artificial fluct lights wish to attain true freedom and independence—to challenge the humans of the real world.
Apprehensive about thinking what laid beyond that, I forced my thoughts to a standstill. Raising my face, I looked at Cardinal, then forced my stiff neck into a nod.
"...Yeah, it's impossible. This world's much too reliant on humans and energy from the outside world for independence."
"Yes.. to give an example, it would be like a shoal of fish, thrown into a bucket and capable of doing nothing but wait to be deep-fried in a pot... The most they could do is to hurl themselves out and die."
I couldn't simply nod back at Cardinal, murmuring so in a voice filled with resignation, however.
"But... I can't agree with that so thoroughly, though it's not like I'm completely against it... The solution you propose, to disappear in an instant without feeling a thing rather than suffering and dying, might be the right one to take. But I've already become too involved with the humans in this world to admit that."
The smiling faces of the people I had closely mingled with in Rulid and Centoria floated past one after another in my mind. Of course, I have no desire to see them slaughtered by the forces of the Dark Territory, but even so, was cooperating with Cardinal in this way and making everyone's souls vanish the best and only method?
Unable to deal with the reality abruptly thrust at me, I bit my lips and listened to Cardinal's soothing voice.
"Kirito, if all of my authorities are restored with your assistance, I will grant your wishes, though for a limited time, before terminating the Underworld. If you specify the names of those you wish to help, I will not erase their fluct lights, leaving them in an archived state. Afterward, you merely have to secure the light cubes containing their souls when you escape to the outer world. I can still work something out if it is only ten. Even if this is not the best choice for you, it should still qualify for second best."
"......!"
I drew in a sharp breath of air at the sudden, unexpected words.
Would something like that really be possible?
True, if the light cube don't require electricity to retain information and I manage to take them out from the cluster, safely preserving them, the fluct lights within should never deteriorate. It would take time, but it shouldn't be impossible to «extract» and meet them again when the STL technology goes mainstream someday.
However, the problem lies with the stage before that, the way to steal several cubes from the Light Cube Cluster, likely set up at the heart of the Rath research facility. I can't hide many in my pockets if the light cube is a cube with sides of five centimeters, as Cardinal described. Even if I use a handy case, it would certainly take all I had to carry ten out.
In other words, if I went with this proposal, I would have to select the souls to be saved.
It was different from sorting out save data on a household game console. Artificial fluct lights were basically humans, exactly like myself. I can choose to rescue a mere ten people from an unavoidable death. And that was only due to their intimacy with me. Do I truly hold the qualification and right for such a deed?
"It's... it's..."
Impossible for me; that would have been what my words led to, but they stayed within my mouth and I simply stared at Cardinal's eyes that felt as though they could see through anything and everything. What came out instead, was an extremely pathetic lament.
"—In the first place, why did you choose me as your collaborator in fighting Administrator? I'll tell you first, but I really don't hold any actual advantage in this world. Sacred arts, sword skill, there's plenty who are better, scattered all around. That's right... for example, even Eugeo would do fine. I probably wouldn't win if he were to fight me seriously now."
Having patiently heard my pessimistic protest to its conclusion, Cardinal shook her head solely in exasperation.
She filled the cup atop the table, this time with kohiru tea—or so it appeared, but it might be real coffee—then took a sip.
"...I realized the load experimental phase, or the invasion of the Dark Territory in other words, was no longer avoidable only a mere twenty years or so ago. Since then, I've been seeking for one who would become my sword much more desperately than before..."
Likely reaching the final chapter at last, the long, long story resumed, and I swallowed my lament and listened attentively.
"...However, no matter how much of an expert in the sword or sacred arts I gain as an ally, that person would need to clear another huge obstacle to approach Administrator herself, putting her escorts, the integrity knights, aside."
"...I-Is there still something else...?"
"Yes. While I was conducting my search, I figured out over tens of ways to solve that other problem, but each one of them lacked a certain reliability... Time continued flowing as I hurried and incessant groups of vanguards were already endangering the mountain range at the edge from the Dark Territory as the first phase of the load experiment when I noticed. Their numbers were enough for the eight integrity knights deployed to fail in eliminating them all. —It was when I began thinking that I had to give up on restoring my authorities through battle and consider persuading Administrator, even if it meant offering my neck, with things the way they were then... a familiar I released got wind of a story circulating around, of what could be thought as an impossible tale, in the remote northern region."
"Impossible tale...?"
"A rumor concerning a phenomenon that had never occurred even once ever since Quinella became Administrator, at least. It was one about the hindering objects that woman set in every land of the world to obstruct the expansion of residential boundaries for the humans... how one of them, a gigantic tree that absorbed resources from the air with a vast expanse, possessing a ridiculous priority and durability, had been chopped down by merely two youngsters."
"......I feel like I've heard that somewhere..."
"I made haste to move the familiar stationed at the northern region of Norlangarth, that is, Charlotte, and searched for those youngsters. It was immediately before they set out from the village when I finally found them. I slipped Charlotte onto the head of one of them for the moment, a rather careless fellow, and investigated why they were able to eliminate an object that was nearly impossible to destroy..."
I thought of saying something in return to being treated as a rather careless fellow, but I really didn't notice Charlotte riding on my head for over two years, so I couldn't even muster a noise in argument. I urged Cardinal to proceed with a scowl.
"I found out exactly why straight away. The sword held by the flaxen-haired youngster was of a class that the world had few of, one of the sacred instruments... However, a new doubt surfaced upon even understanding that. Why did these youngsters possess such a high object control authority? Experiencing an excitement that I haven't felt for a long time, I pricked my ears to the pair's conversations, day and night. Most were foolish talk of absolutely no use, however..."
"So-Sorry about that."
"Ugh, keep quiet and listen. —Before very long, I finally understood the reason in a town while on the way to the central capital. Astonishingly enough, that would imply that the pair drove away a larger-sized scout unit from the Dark Territory by themselves, didn't it? If that proved to be true, the enormous amount of authority increase points, normally divided between ten people, would have been monopolized between those two. I understood that was the reason behind why they gained a high enough authority to equip sacred instruments, but... at the same time, yet another new question tormented me. That is—how could youngsters, born in some remote village who weren't even part of the guard corps, repel goblin warriors of the Dark Territory who possessed overwhelming fighting ability? That sums it up."
"Just saying, but ninety percent of that was through theatrics."
Cardinal seemed to want to scold me for interfering again, then changed her mind, closed her mouth, and slowly nodded.
"Yes... indeed, that was likely part of what caused that result. That doubt was cleared up in the end, but it was the only one to take such a long time. You see, the black-haired one... that is, you Kirito, were careful and paid attention to your speech and behavior towards your partner, Eugeo. However, understanding hit me like a flash of lightning in the end, at the moment I saw you giving leftovers to a beast not raised by anyone, in other words, a stray dog. You were not bound by the Taboo Index at all..."
"...Did I really do something like that...?"
"Countless times. It would have been chaos if someone else saw. —Since then, I analyzed the significance behind your speech and actions through Charlotte's eyes. Constantly, even after the two of you reached the central capital and passed through the entrance of the North Centoria Sword Mastery Academy. It was over a year after I started observing... when I finally arrived at a single answer. In short, you are not a soul born in this world and confined within a light cube but a human from the outside... a human from the world where the true creation god, Rath, resides..."
"—Then I must have disappointed you. After all, I didn't have the supervisor rights I would typically have, not to mention how I didn't even have a method to communicate with Rath... why, I don't even know what's happening outside right now..."
I spoke, feeling sorry for being so little help, and Cardinal shook her right index finger with mild laughter.
"I knew that from the very beginning. After all, if you had a system authority above Administrator's, there would be no need for you to defeat the goblins with a sword, suffering such a deep injury in the process. I, too, am unable to infer the reason why you have appeared in the Underworld in a state like this. I guess it was perhaps due to some sort of accident... or maybe collecting data with your memories, knowledge, and authorities restricted; I would be amazed if you weren't paid a rather enormous compensation for it if it was the latter, however."
"...Yeah, no kidding. I wouldn't know what to think about myself if that was it."
Recalling the pain from the goblin leader gouging my left shoulder, I muttered.
"Regardless, you are still the greatest hope I could wish for. After all, your very existence cleared the other significant barrier in the battle against Administrator I spoke of earlier."
"What exactly is that barrier supposed to be?"
"—Executing the Synthesis Ritual requires a long command and extensive adjusting of parameters. Inclusive of the preparation stage, it needs approximately three days."
The story abruptly skipped ahead once again and I was bewildered. But Cardinal's lips continued to move, showing no acknowledgment of that on her face.
"In short, there is nearly no need to take sacred arts that can access a light cube directly into account for a normal battle. To put it another way, there is no danger of your soul being overtaken and brainwashed into an integrity knight in the midst of battle. However—what if Administrator gave up on capturing the warrior I chose and simply tried to blow the soul away...? The necessary command should rapidly shorten along with the lack for meticulous adjustments of the parameters. It might even shorten to the extent of letting her finish reciting it while her escorts battled. I can compensate for attacks based on Life with equipment and sacred arts as well. However, there is no defense against an attack towards the fluct light itself. I racked my mind for a long time when I realized that possibility."
"...An attack on the soul... that's pretty nasty..."
"Yes. Any sort of master would be rendered powerless with his or her memories torn away... As such, Kirito, you are the only one capable of confronting that attack. As expected, even Administrator cannot lay her hands on the sacred instrument of the outside world, the «STL», that you use to move your soul to the Underworld. Because there is no such command in existence. Do you understand the reason behind me being so set on waiting for you now? The reason why I have set down the maximum amount of backdoors and continued waiting so intently, in order to bring you into the Great Library Room when you win the Unity Tournament... or perhaps, before you got dragged into the interrogation area after stepping onto the Axiom Church's grounds as a criminal who violated the Taboo Index...?"
At last, the long, excessively long self-biographical story had come to its end at the present point in time, and Cardinal took a deep breath as a faint blush spread over her cheeks.
"...I see, so that's the state of affairs..."
I still didn't know the reason behind my diving into the Underworld with things as they were. Rather, I instead say that it was to find that out that I set out for the core of the world, the Axiom Church where I thought the only communication method with Rath would exist at, as my goal.
However, I couldn't help but think that struggling all the way here to this place really was predestined when this girl, who had lived through an absurd length of time, clearly declared so. Was this an oracle for me to try putting in all my effort with Cardinal and letting some people escape to the real world, despite it being only ten, with the unguaranteed success of the battle against Administrator—?
No, before bringing up fate or whatever else, I couldn't find it in me to refuse the girl before my eyes, who earnestly waited for this very moment for two hundred years. She reiterated that she was an emotionless program countless times, but I do not believe that to be the truth from what I've heard in her long, long story. Cardinal, too, ought to be a human possessing human emotions just like me. All the more so, even if she was bound by an order, her one and only wish—of correcting the world.
"How about it, Kirito. I cannot force you... if you cannot approve of my plan to return the world to null, I'll send Eugeo and you out from a backdoor in any position of your liking. In that situation, you would both have to overcome all the difficulties to defeat Administrator, which would then likely lead to a battle with me after you've accomplished your respective goals, but... all I can say is that that, too, is fate..."
Murmuring so, Cardinal then showed a distinct smile, one that appeared the most appropriate for her age among her various expressions ever since she invited us into this library room.
After a long period of silence, I replied to the girl's question with one of my own.
"Cardinal... Your soul's a copy of Quinella, that was what you said, right...?"
"Yes, that is the case indeed."
"Then... you should have the blood of pure nobles running through you too. The genes to pursue one's own interests and desires are... Why did you not throw everything away and try to flee? It should be possible for you to run away to some small village, so far away that not even Administrator can track you, and fall in love, get married, and bring up children like an ordinary girl... maybe even die from old age in bliss. Wasn't that your wish? Your blood should be commanding you to follow your desires... constantly, for these two hundred years. Why did you resist that command and continue waiting for over two hundred years in a place like this by yourself...?"
"You are a foolish one, through and through."
Cardinal grinned.
"I said it, that all my interests and desires are just one due to the purpose of the Cardinal sub-process's existence burnt into my soul, to eliminate Administrator and normalize the world. In my mind, a normalized world can no longer be achieved without sending it back to utter nothingness. As such— As such, I—"
There was an abrupt pause in her words, so I stared into Cardinal's spectacles. The widely opened burnt-brown eyes appeared to be shivering intensely, perhaps due to restraining some sort of emotion. Soon, those lips moved and a voice so soft I almost couldn't hear it escaped.
"...No... I suppose that's wrong... I, too... I, too, have a wish; a single one... Something I wanted to understand at any cost... in these two hundred years..."
Her eyelids closing and lifting up once again, Cardinal stared at me intently. She bit her lips in a rare show of hesitation and held her hands together for a bit, but then suddenly got off the chair and stood onto the floor with a thump.
"Hey, Kirito, you get up too."
"Hah...?"
I got up as I was told to. Cardinal leaned quite a bit to look up at me, standing upright with my head inclined in doubt. I didn't have that much in terms of height, but still, it differed quite a lot from the girl who held an outer appearance of one around ten years old.
Cardinal frowned as she scanned through our surroundings, placed her right leg onto the chair she had sat on until now, and got up with some effort. Turning about, she nodded as though checking if the levels of our eyes were roughly aligned.
"There we go. Hey, Kirito, come over here."
"...?"
Still confused about the situation, I took several steps and stood in front of Cardinal.
"More to the front."
"Eeh?"
"Stop complaining."
What's the matter, I wondered as I advanced bit by bit. “That's enough” by the time I got told that, our forelocks were practically already touching each other. Cardinal gazed at my eyes with a glance, as I sweated cold perspiration, and immediately looked away, receiving another order.
"Spread out your arms."
"......Like this?"
"Turn them in front and make a ring."
"........."
Surely, she wouldn't bash me up with the staff, or anything like that, the moment I followed her instructions— in trepidation, I slowly moved my arms, avoiding Cardinal's body, and linked my left and right fingertips together at a spot quite far away from her back.
After spending several seconds filled with such an awkward silence, Cardinal made a slightly cute click with her tongue.
"Ugh, bashful, aren't you?"
Are you referring to me; I barely got anywhere before I stopped that line midway.
Her robe split open, Cardinal's two arms timidly went around my back as well and I could feel her exerting an extremely mild strength through the fabric of my coat. The huge hat that collided with my forehead made a noise as it dropped onto the table and her chestnut-colored, curly hair brushed against my left cheek. A subtle weight and a faint heat could be felt on my shoulders and chest.
"........."
Having endured all I could of this in a silence that was becoming heavier, I tried to ask for the reason behind this situation. However, before I could, Cardinal's almost inaudible voice meekly swayed out into the Great Library Room's atmosphere.
"I see... so this is..."
Following a long, deep sigh—
"...So this is what it means to be human?"
My breath was taken away in that instant.
If there was something that Cardinal wanted to know in the end, after spending two hundred years in isolation pondering about everything, there would obviously be no other answer except contact with another human, wouldn't it?
The word, human, takes its roots from connections between people[3]. Being human means to exchange words with another; to take each others' hands in their own; to feel the contact between souls.
Despite that, this girl had gone through two hundred years of time by herself, surrounded by books incapable of a single line of conversation.
I could finally palpably grasp the time Cardinal had lived through, with a certain degree of reality. At the same time, I moved my left and right arms, firmly pulling the girl's back towards me.
"...Warm..."
There was something decisively different somewhere in that particular voice from all of Cardinal's other voices thus far, sighing as it murmured.
I also could feel small yet distinct drops of water in that moment, carrying heat as they gently traveled across my cheeks.
"...Rewarded... at last... these two hundred years of mine... were not in vain..."
The teardrops flowed, drop followed by another, before disappearing somewhere.
"I'm satisfied... just knowing this warmth... this is plenty, for a reward..."


I did not know how long we stayed that way for sure, but my stomach already felt empty when that gentle shift in the atmosphere occurred.
Getting down from the chair, Cardinal picked up her knocked-over hat and patted it before placing it on her head. Pushing her round glasses up as she looked this way, that face of hers had already regained the presence of an aloof sage.
"How much longer do you plan on standing in a daze?"
"...That's just too much..."
Mumbling a protest against those words that made me think the tears earlier were a delusion, I took a seat at the table's edge. Cardinal silently waited as I crossed my arms and took a long breath but plainly asked the final question before long.
"—So, have you reached a conclusion? Will you take up my proposal, or refuse it?"
"......"
I, unfortunately, did not happen to possess enough decisiveness for an immediate answer.
Going by logic alone, selecting ten who should be saved and borrowing Cardinal's assistance to escape to the real world would be the greatest outcome I could hope for—that was how it was, I guess. After all, I couldn't formulate any better alternatives in my current state.
But it wasn't like none existed just because I couldn't think of any. I want to believe that. Hence, upon lifting my face, I stared straight at Cardinal and spoke.
"...Got it. I'll participate in your strategy. But..."
As if squeezing out each word, one at a time, I continued on.
"But I won't stop thinking. Even when we start fighting against the integrity knights and Administrator from now on, I'll continue searching for some other method. A solution that will somehow avert the load experimental phase tragedy and allow the world's peace to last."
"Dear me, you're ridiculously optimistic, aren't you. I already knew that, though."
"Well, you see... I don't want you to disappear either. If you told me to choose ten people, you'll be included in there, make no mistake about that."
Cardinal immediately shrouded those eyes, opened wide for a sheer instant, in the shade of derision and shook her head in exaggerated motions.
"...And on top of that, you're foolish. If I were to escape, who would be the one to erase this world?"
"Like I said... I understand the circumstances, but I won't abandon the futile struggle, that's all I'm saying."
Shaking her head in pure exasperation at my excuse-like words, the sage spun around turning her back to me. The voice delivered on the gentle wind caused by the fluttering robe was thoroughly quiet, hiding a two hundred years isolation that was utterly impossible for a brief moment of contact to bury.
"A day shall come when you, too... taste the bitterness of resignation... Not a time when you give it your all and fail... one where you need to accept the premise of failure... —Now, let's return. It is likely that your partner will finish reading the history books soon. Let us discuss concrete details for our plans from now on together with Eugeo."
Ringing her staff onto the stone floor, Cardinal turned to where we came from and started to walk, without taking a single look at me.
Part 2[edit]
As Cardinal judged, Eugeo had just closed a massive book placed on his lap as he sat in the middle of the stairs when we returned to the history books corridor.
I called out to him while walking closer, his eyes wandering about in a daze as if he hadn't yet woken up from the historical reports spanning hundreds of years.
"That took a while. Sorry about making you wait all alone."
Eugeo's back suddenly trembled at that and he distinctively blinked multiple times for some reason, then finally looked at me.
"Ah... aah, Kirito. How long has it been...?"
"Eh? Erm..."
I looked around in a fluster, but there wasn't a single window around, let alone a clock. Cardinal softly cleared her throat and answered in my place.
"It has been roughly two hours, the sun is completely up in the sky now. —How was it, the long history of the Human World?"
"Hmm... how should I say this...?"
When asked, Eugeo endlessly chewed on his lips as though searching for the words, then muttered in an indecisive tone.
"...Did everything written in this book actually happen? It's like... reading a series of well-written fairy tales... You see, most of the episodes go like, some kind of problem occured at so-and-so place, then integrity knights arrive and solve the problem, and ever since then, a new such-and-such clause was added to the Taboo Index... it was filled with such stories."
"There's no helping it, those are historical facts, after all. A net with water poured and spilling through, and its gaps stitched up one after another; that's the sort of organization the Axiom Church is."
Cardinal practically spat those words out, making Eugeo widen his eyes. That was only natural; it was probably the first time he met a person who gave such straight criticism of the church, not to mention she was a girl in her tender years—though of course, that was only what she appeared on the outside.
"Er... erm, may I ask who are...?"
"Aah, she's called Cardinal. Err... she was banished by the existing highest minister, Administrator, and was once a highest minister herself as well."
After I gave that summarized introduction, Eugeo gulped, making an odd noise from the back of his throat as he drew away.
"No, there's no need to be scared. It seems like she's willing to help us out even though we're going to fight those integrity knights."
"Hel... help us out...?"
"Yeah. This person's goal is to defeat Administrator and get reinstated as the highest minister, you see. So... well, we decided to form an alliance."
There was definitely no lies in that tremendously simplified explanation, but I really couldn't bring myself to approach that conclusion where erasure awaits all of the Underworld inhabitants upon Cardinal regaining her authorities. I would probably have to discuss it with Eugeo someday, but still, I didn’t have the foggiest idea how I could broach the subject.
As though clad in obedience, my partner stared at Cardinal without a single tinge of distrust in his eyes and gave a nervous smile.
"Is that so... that would be a great help, really. If she was once the highest minister, then would she know if Alice... the integrity knight, Alice Synthesis Thirty, was the same person as Alice Schuberg of Rulid? ...If she does... how about a method to return Alice to how she once was too...?"
Cardinal lowered her eyelashes just a little at the question Eugeo asked in a faltering speech.
"I apologize, but... the information I can get a hold of from this place is extremely limited. Basically, I would not know any more than the affairs my not-too-abundant numbers of familiars observe. I might still know if it was an incident within the cathedral or the central part of Centoria but one from as far as the remote regions would simply be... I am aware of the birth of an integrity knight named Alice, but I am utterly ignorant of her origins at this current point in time..."
Eugeo's shoulders slightly slumped upon hearing thus far but he sharply took in a breath of air with the words that followed.
"—However, I can teach you the method to revoke the sacred art to give birth to, no, produce an integrity knight, the «Synthesis Ritual»."
Cardinal looked at Eugeo and me in turn, then spoke in a stately tone.
"You simply have to remove the «Piety Module» inserted into their souls."
"Pahy... moju...?"
I added some side information for Eugeo, repeating the unfamiliar words from English, no, the Sacred Tongue with difficulty.
"Module, er, carries the meaning of 'component' in the Sacred Tongue. Look, you saw it when we fought with Integrity Knight Eldrie in the rose garden, right? When that guy turned strange halfway through and all..."
"Aah... the thing that looked like a purple crystal rod coming out from his forehead..."
"Indeed, that's exactly it."
Carrying the staff in her right hand, Cardinal drew a horizontal line in midair with its end, then moved it as though to cut the line near its middle.
"The Piety Module is inserted in a way that would obstruct the links between memories. Through that, it seals away the history of the one who would become an integrity knight, simultaneously forcing an absolute loyalty towards the Axiom Church and highest minister. —However, the stability of a coercive and complex art like this is not high. If the important memories around the module are roused through external stimulation, the art will start to unravel as the both of you have witnessed."
"In other words... to dispel the art, we'll just have to jolt the integrity knight's past memories, that's how it works?"
I asked with high hopes, but Cardinal didn't nod.
"No... that is not enough by itself. There is one more thing, another something you will require."
"Wh-What is that?"
Eugeo was the one to lean forward this time.
"What originally existed where the module was inserted. In other words, the memory fragment most valued by the integrity knight. Ordinarily, recollections of the one they most loved would be there. Do you remember what words that integrity knight you fought reacted to the most?"
Eugeo answered before I could dig through my memories.
"Yes. It was the name of his mother. The crystal looked like it would fall out with just a little more when he heard that."
"Then that was likely it. The memories extracted from Eldrie were related to his mother, that is where the module was embedded. You see, although none of the integrity knights' past memories serve any importance to Administrator in the first place, memory and ability are deeply connected. If all of their memories were to be erased, their strength as a knight... they would lose even their secret swordsmanship moves and sacred arts techniques. Hence, she refrained from obstructing the flow of their memories. I deleted the majority of my memories to prolong my life, but I lost much of the knowledge and ability attained in that period of time as well..."
Taking a short breath, Cardinal added on.
"...I'll say this again, that all of the integrity knights have had their most important memory fragments stolen by Administrator. Unless you retrieve those, the flow of their memories will not return to how they were originally, even if you remove the piety module. In the worst case scenario, their very memories might get severely damaged."
"Memory fragments... Th-Then... what if Administrator breaks what she drew out from the knights...?"
I nervously asked and Cardinal slowly shook her head with a complicated expression.
"No... I doubt that. Administrator is a meticulous woman, it's unlikely for her to break anything even the least bit useful. There ought to be no mistake that she would first keep it safe in her own room... on the top floor of the Central Cathedral..."
The top floor of the cathedral—a part of my memories pricked awake the moment I heard those words, but it vanished before I could grab hold of it. Feeling a queer irritation, I mumbled.
"So that means... we'll need the stolen memory fragments to return the integrity knights to how they were, but we'll have to break through the knights' guard and reach the top floor, where Administrator is, to get our hands on those, huh..."
"Don't get any naive ideas of gaining victory over the integrity knights without killing."
Cardinal spoke while giving me a fleeting glare.
"All I may do for you both is to provide equipment equivalent to that of the integrity knights. The rest depends on the both of you putting in all you have into fighting."
"Eh... you aren't coming along with us?"
Having expected that we would definitely have a reassuring support at our backs with an infinite stock of healing magic, I replied without thinking. But Cardinal curtly shook her head.
"If I were to leave the Great Library Room, Administrator would immediately sense that and the situation would likely develop into an all-out war against all of the integrity knights within the cathedral and that woman herself. If the two of you have the confidence to fight and defeat ten integrity knights concurrently however, I wouldn't mind; so?"
There was nothing more Eugeo and I could do but shake our heads left and right at her cruel way of asking.
"—However, Administrator has not discarded her plan for capturing both of you and making you two into integrity knights just yet. If you two were to go by yourselves, she should send only a small number of knights and try to capture both of you alive. There is no other method aside from breaking through those knights one after another and running up the cathedral."
"Mgh..."
True, we should split the enemies up even if it meant using ourselves as decoy if we're up against opponents with superior numbers. But even if that worked out, the other side were integrity knights, the strongest in the world. We had a hard fight against Eldrie alone, so I couldn't help but think about giving up if two were to come at us.
While I sank into silence, Eugeo spoke on my behalf with a somewhat dismal light in his eyes.
"—Understood. I'll fight if we need to, and if there's no choice but to kill... I won't avoid that either. I did break out from prison with that resolution from the start... However, if Alice were to appear...? I will not fight with Alice, I came all the way here to take her back, after all."
"Fm... that's true. Eugeo, I sympathize with your goal as well. —Very well, if Integrity Knight Alice stands in your way, you would do well to use this."
Cardinal said, and took out what appeared to be two extremely small daggers from her black robe.
They had a simple form, as though someone had simply sharpened the longer protrusion of a cross to a point. Their only embellishment was a thin chain that passed through a hole in the pommel. Cardinal handed both Eugeo and I one of the daggers each that gleamed a deep brown. I accepted it, pinching the exceedingly thin handle between my fingertips, and almost dropped it due to its unexpected weight. Its entire length didn't even reach twenty centimeters, but the resistance I felt was not much different from that of the practice swords in the Sword Mastery Academy.
"What is this...? Some secret weapon that kills in a single hit or something?"
Putting my finger through the chain, I gazed at the dagger dangling before my face as I asked, and Cardinal curtly shook her head.
"The dagger itself has practically no offensive ability, as its appearance suggests. However, an inseverable path will be connected between myself, in the Great Library Room, and the one stabbed by it. In other words, the various sacred arts I can use will affect the target. After all, that originally was a part of myself. —Eugeo, dodge Integrity Knight Alice's attacks and stab that into her body somewhere, the position is of no concern. It would barely reduce any Life. In that instant, I will lead Alice into a deep sleep with my arts... until the two of you can retrieve the girl's memories and ready the preparations for the Synthesis removal."
"Deep... sleep..."
It appeared Eugeo was divided between whether or not to believe in it as he stared hard at the brown dagger on his palm. He definitely still felt reluctance at hurting Alice, even with a weapon even more flimsy than a paper knife.
I gently pat my partner's back and spoke.
"Eugeo, let's trust this person. If you think about it, we would have to make Alice faint or something like that if we were to cross swords with her and we definitely won't be able to avoid getting hurt pretty bad, with the same going for her. In comparison, getting pricked with a dagger like this would just be like getting stung by a large marsh horsefly."
"...That bug doesn't sting humans, though."
Perhaps his mood had recovered, as Eugeo corrected my thoughtless words like we were in the academy, then turned back to Cardinal.
"Understood. Allow me to make use of this if I am unable to persuade Alice, then."
Grasping the dagger tightly within his palm, he bowed deeply as though to convince himself. I breathed a sigh of relief as well, looking at the cross-shaped dagger dangling from my right hand.
"...Cardinal, you said that this dagger was a part of you earlier, didn't you? What did you mean by that?"
Cardinal shrugged her shoulders lightly at my inquiry.
"Even if Administrator and I are able to generate each and every object, it's not like we're producing them from nothing."
"Hah...?"
"The world has limited resources. You should understand that from how the farmland could not be cultivated around the Gigas Cedar that the two of you chopped down, shouldn't you? In the same manner, if I were to create an object possessing a certain priority, I would have to sacrifice an existence equal to that. When I previously had the chance to battle Administrator, she created a sword, and me, a staff—but in that instant, every single one of the valuable treasures within that room vanished, hehe."
Cardinal tapped the staff in her right hand onto the stone floor and failed to suppress a somewhat happy chuckle escaping from her.
"—However, as you can see, the Great Library Room is a sealed space. Even if I try to create a high priority weapon, there are no objects for an equivalent exchange. The immeasurable amount of books could, well, be said to be valuable, but that applies solely to their content, so... I thought of using this staff as well, but it is necessary in the battle against Administrator, which clearly narrows what could be used as compensation to one, nothing but my own body. This body of mine is certainly valuable; it belongs to the one with the highest authority in the world, after all."
"Bo..."
"Body...?"
Eugeo and I instinctively examined Cardinal's slender body from head to toe. I immediately noticed how rude it was and averted my eyes, but I did confirm that the girl had all four limbs at the current moment. After swallowing my words countless times, I timidly opened my mouth.
"...Th-That is... to say that you cut off part of that body, converted it to an object, then regenerated that part...?"
"Dolt, nothing would have been sacrificed in that case. This is it."
After turning her head to face the side, Cardinal twirled and flicked the extremely short bundles of chestnut-colored, curly hair tied at both sides of her slender nape.
"Ah, aah... I see, so it was your hair..."
"The compensation for one dagger was one of these, grown for two hundred years. I could have shown it off before it was cut if the two of you had come earlier."
She said so jokingly, but the fleeting shade of sadness that surfaced in her eyes proved that Cardinal still remained a girl, even if a part of her had been used as a base material.
But that fragment of sentimentality instantly disappeared into the depths of her sage-like attitude.
"—With those reasons stated, each of those daggers may appear small in stature but they possess a sharpness and endurance capable of piercing an integrity knight's armor. Furthermore, they are able to connect a path through the space of nothingness surrounding the Great Library Room as they are still a part of my body in a certain sense. ...I originally created them to deal with Administrator. Kirito, I'll have you stab yours into her body after dodging those mighty attacks of hers. One was meant as a spare, but oh well, you will simply have to succeed on the first try."
"Ugh... a heavy responsibility, huh..."
I finally noticed after taking another look at the dagger swaying under my right hand. That the deep-brown gleam matched the color of the curly hair peeking out from the edge of Cardinal's hat.
Eugeo seemed to have understood the value of the dagger given to him, despite being stumped at the explanation jumbled with Sacred Tongue words, and nervously opened his mouth.
"Er-Erm... is it really alright? Letting me use one of these daggers for Alice, even though there are only two...?"
"I do not mind. And at any rate..."
Cardinal held in the words that followed and looked at me, her eyes seemingly to see through to my inner thoughts perfectly.
Yes, at any rate, Cardinal's assistance in removing Alice's brainwashing was required for the fluct lights of ten people, including Eugeo and Alice, to escape to the real world. It was probably better to recover Alice before explaining that situation to Eugeo. Even Eugeo might agree to escape this world, accompanied by a person precious to him. No, I would have to make him accept it, no matter what means I would have to resort to.
Feeling ashamed for already unwittingly taking Cardinal's world annihilation plan as a given, I tightly squeezed the thin chain. Yes... there might be no other path aside from the Underworld vanishing. But even so, I wish to include Cardinal herself within that ten. Even if I do end up deceiving her in the process.
In a bid to escape from those omniscient eyes of Cardinal, I turned away, loosened my shirt collar, and dangled the dagger there after putting my head through the chain. After making Eugeo do the same, I asked something that caught my attention a little during Cardinal's earlier explanation.
"Now that I think about it... if something's needed as compensation to create an object, then what about those? That heap of food and drinks you brought forth when we came here."
Cardinal lightly shrugged her shoulders up and down, and replied with a smile.
"Now, there's no need to fret over that. I merely made two or three trifling books on law disappear."
Still gripping onto the chain on his neck with both hands, a weird 'mgh' noise came from the depths of Eugeo's throat, being the history lover that he was.
"Nn? What is it, you want more? You're a growing child, I see."
Eugeo shook both his head and hands at the same time to stop Cardinal, about to raise and swing her staff.
"N-No, I'm full already! Ra-Rather than that, please continue the story!!"
"There's really no need to restrain yourself."
When Cardinal said so, smiling so much that it made me think that she was fully aware all along, she lowered the staff, coughed once, and changed her tone.
"—The sequence changed, but those two daggers are our true trump cards as I have explained earlier. Eugeo's would be for Alice and Kirito's for Administrator; prioritize stabbing your dagger into your respective targets over all else. Resort to anything if you believe it will raise the possibility of success, be it surprise attacks or playing dead. After all, my belief is that the one and only thing you two excel above the integrity knights in, is how you are more accustomed to being devious... no, to the tactics of actual battles."
Before a somewhat upset-looking Eugeo could get a word in, I chimed in with a "I totally agree".
"I wish we could just struggle all the way to the end with sheer trickery, but... unfortunately, the other side has the home advantage. We'll have to be prepared for a frontal assault. That brings me to my point, Cardinal. I take it that what you said earlier, that 'provide equipment equivalent to those of the integrity knights' bit, essentially meant that you'll be pulling out heaps of weapons or armor of the sacred instrument class?"
This might be a tense situation, but the soul carved into me as a member of the clearing group was acutely receptive to the smell of a «strongest weapon obtaining event». As I anticipated Cardinal's words, my hearting beating fast, the sage made an exasperated face for the umpteemth time today and voiced out a blunt remark for the umpteemth time today.
"Imbecile, what has been entering those ears of yours? Look here, the creation of a high ranking object requires..."
"—I see... the compensation of an object with equivalent class was needed... wasn't it..."
"Don't give me that face, like a child whose snack fell to the ground! You're making me start doubting my decision of choosing you both. In the first place, you ought to be well aware that a weapon is not something that can be freely controlled the instant you are granted it. No matter how powerful a weapon I give you, you can't hope to prevail against those of the integrity knights, whose beloved pieces of equipment they have treated as their own flesh and blood, and passionately used for decades."
I recalled Eldrie's whip that could freely slither through the air, practically like a silver snake, and couldn't help but nod. It was true, even in my SAO days, that it was taboo to immediately toss a rare weapon into actual combat just because you had found one.
When I became depressed, feeling not like a kid who had dropped a snack but one who had knocked over an entire christmas cake, Cardinal continued ahead with a blend between disgust and pity on her face.
"In the first place, you and Eugeo already have swords the two of you have cared for and are powerful enough without me needing to produce one, don't you?"
"Eeh!"
Eugeo reacted this time by springing up.
"Will you recover them for us!? My Blue Rose Sword and... Kirito's black one!?"
"There's no helping it. Those two swords are irrefutably true sacred instruments. The first, a weapon of which only four exist in the world, solely for the dragon knights' use; the second, containing the essence of a demonic tree that continued to absorb resources from a vast area over several hundred years... immediately creating weapons on the same class as those would prove a difficult task for even Administrator and me. Furthermore, the both of you have already gotten used to those two blades enough."
"Oh come on... if you could do that, then say so earlier."
I breathed a sigh of relief, leaning back onto a bookshelf at my side. I had half-abandoned the wish of regaining those cherished swords seized from us before we were thrown into the underground jail, but I absolutely couldn't complain if we were to regain them.
"But... even if you talk about recovering them, it would be impossible to teleport them straight here, wouldn't it?"
"Indeed, it seems you finally understand."
Agreeing with my words, Cardinal crossed her arms with a complex expression.
"I dare say those swords are stored in the equipment vault on the third floor of the cathedral. It is a mere thirty mel... thirty meters or so away from the nearest backdoor, but as you've seen earlier, doors connecting into the tower cannot be opened a second time. The bugs released by Administrator to search for me would immediately swarm there, you see... Hence, I have no choice but to have the two of you exit from that door and recover those from the equipment vault, then ascend the tower on each of your own two legs. Fortunately, there is a large staircase in front of the equipment vault."
"Hmm... starting from the third floor, huh... By the way, which floor is Administrator's room on?"
"Central Cathedral grows taller year after year, you see... it should be close to a hundred floors at the present moment..."
"Hyaa..."
I unintentionally choked off my throat. The gigantic white stone tower built at the heart of Centoria certainly was so high that its peak couldn't be seen regardless of which part of the city you were—but I didn't think it actually had more stories than the real world's skyscrapers. We wouldn't be brought into a battle on each and every floor, would we; I unconsciously voiced out a complaint while feeling somewhat dejected.
"Ermm, can't we start on the fiftieth floor or something instead...?"
"It depends on your point of view, Kirito."
The one who interjected with a bitter smile was Eugeo, ten times more optimistic than me.
"The enemies coming at us would probably be split up accordingly with the length of the distance."
"Ah, uh, well, that might be true, but..."
Shifting my back hesitantly, I sat down in the passage before dryly clearing my throat.
"...Well, I did go up the open-air stairs at the old Tokyo Tower..."
"Hah?"
"No, it's nothing. —I guess our operational plans are decided for now, then. First, we'll recover our swords from the equipment vault. And with them, we defeat the integrity knights that appear as we climb the tower. If we encounter Alice during that, we make her fall asleep with the dagger and send her to the Great Library Room. If we reach the hundredth floor, we stab Administrator with the dagger as well and get our hands on Alice's memory fragment."
I finally prepared for the worst and Cardinal's calm words rained down on me.
"Regrettably, there is one more thing we will need to do."
"Eh... wh-what?"
"Your swords are certainly powerful, but you will not defeat the integrity knights through them alone. That is because they possess a dreadful technique to amplify the ability of their weapons by several times."
"Ah... could that be the «armament full control art»...?"
Cardinal curtly nodded at Eugeo's hoarse voice.
"Weapons of the sacred instrument class strongly inherit properties from the object that served as its nucleus. Eldrie's «Frost Scale Whip» the two of you fought against was the lord of the largest lake in the eastern empire, a two-headed white snake, which Administrator captured alive and converted into a weapon. However, it retained parameters, the agility of a snake, the sharpness of its scales, and the accuracy of its aim, even after it became a mute whip. The full control art releases all of those so-called «memories of the weapon», realizing a more potent offensive power than was originally impossible."
"Uhn, so that means his whip becoming a snake wasn't an illusory art or anything like that, huh..."
I groaned as I stroked where I had gotten hit by Eldrie's whip on my chest with my fingertips. While praying that white snake thing didn't have a delayed poison, I lent my ears to Cardinal's explanation that continued still.
"Every single one of the integrity knights have mastered the full control art for the weapon granted to them by Administrator. That includes training in high speed chanting to ensure that they do not get caught during the long art ritual. I suppose there really would be no time for chanting practice, but gaining victory would be most uncertain if the two of you don't learn the full control art for your respective swords at the very least."
"No... but my black sword was just a huge tree, not an animal, you know...? Would it even have any memories to release?"
"It would. Those daggers I passed over earlier are the same, they are capable of opening a channel towards me the moment an attack hits, through a process identical to the full control art, only because they retain the memory, or property in other words, of being my hair. It goes without saying that the previous existence of your sword, the Gigas Cedar, qualifies and the origin of Eugeo's Blue Rose Sword, from an eternal block of ice, is no exception."
"It... it was ice and nothing more?"
Eugeo, too, opened his mouth in a daze at this. That was only natural, even if I had to list the properties of ice, I can't think up of much more than «very cold». I cocked my head in confusion, but still, as it was the word of one of the two gods in the world, I could only accept it.
"Well... if you're teaching us the art ritual, it'll probably work as the full control art for our swords too. I'll be real grateful for getting a special move, what kind is it?"
But the reply was beyond my expectations once again.
"Don't behave like a spoiled brat! I will describe the art ritual, but you will be the one to decide what sort of technique it becomes yourself!"
"Eh... eeh!? Why!?"
"It is insufficient to simply chant the art ritual to «release the memories», the essence of the armament full control art. The owner must strongly picture the released form of that beloved weapon... you must recall. Rather than the perfect control art itself, the process of recollection could be said to be a more influential power. After all, the power of imaging... that is, «incarnation», is the founding principle behind the world..."
Even I couldn't understand over half of the words Cardinal rapidly spoke. Especially the word, 'incarnation', which I couldn't decide was from the Sacred Tongue or Common Tongue and tried to ask for its meaning but felt a prickling sensation from a corner of my memories before I could.
That was... yes, a little more than two months ago. When I sank into depression while holding on to those torn and scattered zephyria flower buds at the flower beds in the novice trainee dormitory's at the Sword Mastery Academy, someone... no, it wasn't just someone. Cardinal's familiar, Charlotte the small black spider, called out to me. 'Each and every art ritual is nothing more than an incarnation, that is, a tool to guide and arrange your mental images', she said.
I visualized an image based on her words. For the life energy released from the blooming four great sacred flowers in the surrounding flowerbeds to flow into the severed seedlings left in the planters. Despite not chanting a single word of any art ritual, a green light filled the air and engulfed the seedlings... and with that, the zephyrias revived.
Yes, that must truly be the «process of recollection» Cardinal spoke of. I would agree if that was the case, I doubt it would be possible to express the entirety of such a phenomenon within an art ritual.
Perhaps having read my inner thoughts, Cardinal nodded once with a serious expression, then turned her eyes to Eugeo, still perplexed, and spoke.
"Follow me. Rest for a bit, and we will put the art ritual together later."

After leaving the history book corridor and descending several levels, we returned to the circular room on the first floor of the Great Library Room that I was first brought to.
The many manjuu and sandwiches still remained on the plate on the center table with steam rising from them despite it being over two hours since then. It appeared that not only was an art used on them to recover the Lives of the ones who ate it, but also one to forever prevent them from becoming cold.
It was only natural for my appetite to reignite upon seeing that, but I found it hard to reach out for them now that I knew the food had previously been books from the bookshelves. Staring up at Eugeo and I, standing still with conflicting thoughts within ourselves, Cardinal coldly spoke.
"They would pose a hindrance to recollection, so I'll have them disappear if you aren't eating."
"Wa-Wait, please put them somewhere we can't see for now. We'll keep them for later when we go off."
The sage lightly shook her head and brought the staff in her right hand up at my stubborn words. A single knock on the table's edge and the large plate sank into the tabletop along with the variety of manjuu.
In their place, three chairs with backs rose from the floor and Cardinal waved her hand, signaling for us to sit. Sitting down as requested to, I stared at the now-clean-and-tidy table with nothing on it.
It wasn't like I was trying to summon back the manjuu with that; I was trying to visualize the form of that beloved sword currently not in my possession—temporarily named the «black one». However, I was unable to replicate it perfectly, down to its finer details, partially due to the fact that I had hardly had many chances to actually become acquainted with it.
Trying the same thing as myself and apparently feeling the same distress, Eugeo spoke with a troubled expression as he sat by my side.
"...Cardinal-san, is it really possible? Visualizing the sword's released form without actually having it around is simply..."
However, Cardinal gave an unexpected answer as she sat on the opposite side.
"It's actually easier without it around. If it was actually laid before your eyes, your mental image would freeze there. You need neither your hands nor eyeballs to feel, approach, and release the swords' hidden memories. It'll suffice, seeing it in your mind's eye."
"Mind's... eye, huh..."
Muttering, I recalled when the zephyria seedlings revived once more. If my recollections proved right, I had neither touched nor stared at the four great sacred flowers that shared their lives with the zephyrias on the verge of death back then. I just believed and gave my thoughts an image. For the life force to overflow, gather, and stream in.
It seemed Eugeo reached his own understanding too, as he was giving several small nods. The black robed sage gazed at us, faintly smiled, then solemnly announced.
"Excellent. Now, firmly visualize your beloved sword lying atop the table first. Don't stop until I give the cue."
"...Got it."
"I will do what I can."
Eugeo and I answered softly, then straightened ourselves atop the chairs and lowered our sight to the tabletop.
I gave up in roughly five seconds earlier but now, continued to stare at it this time determinedly. There was no need to hurry. I'll start by clearing my mind.
«Black one». Now that I think about it, it was rather pitiful, being called by such a half-baked nickname, no, temporary name even now.
It was on the seventh day of the third month when its base material, a branch cut off from the top of the huge tree, Gigas Cedar, had been polished into the shape of a sword through a whole year with the handiwork of the craftsman in the capital, Sadore. Today was the twenty-fourth day of the fifth month, so it hadn't accompanied me for even three months. Excluding maintenance and practice, I had only drawn it from its scabbard once against the head swordsman-in-training of the previous year, Uolo Levanteinn, in a match and once against the head swordsman-in-training this year, Raios Antinous, in—a real battle. That was all.
However, during both of those times, the black sword had helped me out by exhibiting a power that could have only been the will of the sword. Despite the fact that I was the one who had chopped down its previous form, the Gigas Cedar. Our acquaintance might truly be shallow, but the sense of unity and resolve whenever I gripped its handle and unleashed a sword skill were definitely not inferior in any way to the swords I had cherished in the past.
Despite that, the reason why I hesitated to name the black sword was because I felt its contrast with the weapon Eugeo held, the «Blue Rose Sword», might have perhaps been far too intense when lined up side-by-side...
White and black. Flower and tree. Two swords with both similar and opposite parts.
There was no basis to it, but I have always been bound by a single premonition ever since I had set off on the journey from Rulid Village two years earlier. That the Blue Rose Sword and the black sword might possibly be fated to exchange blows someday.
My mind tells that shouldn't happen. Because the owners of the swords, Eugeo and I, don't have a single reason to fight among ourselves. But on the other hand, my heart tells me that doesn't apply to the swords themselves. After all, the Blue Rose Sword personally sliced the Gigas Cedar's trunk, toppling it to the ground...
I continued to visualize the black sword's form on the tabletop even as reminiscence and anxiety, rather than emptiness, filled my mind. A simple pommel in the form of a truncated cone. A grip wrapped in black leather. A guard in the shape of a forceful curve. It was hard to believe the hefty blade tinged with a deep translucency, like a black crystal, had originated from a tree. Light shone onto it accumulated within, making the edge and point that were as sharp as a razor, gleam beautifully...
Each part of the illusional sword had their shapes trembling fuzzily at first, but stabilized accordingly as my other thoughts faded away. Soon, it possessed toughness, weight, even warmth, and began releasing a dense aura atop the table.
With my eyes dedicated solely to the glossy blade, I heard a voice from somewhere.
"Deeper. Dive deeper. Until you touch the memories hidden within the sword, the essence of its existence."
The blackness of the sword stretched out without a sound. Masking the table and floor, the surrounding bookshelves and lamps, it engulfed the world in darkness. Before I knew it, only the sword and I remained in this lightless, infinite space. The black sword silently rose, turning its pommel downwards and its point upwards, and ceased motion. My form flickered and dissolved, my consciousness sucked into the sword.
When I regained awareness, I was transformed into a single cedar tree, rooted in the chilly earth.
A thick forest surrounds me. But for some reason, there isn't a single tree growing around me. I stand still forlornly in the exact middle of this wide, empty circle. I try calling out to the moss and ferns covering the soil at my feet, but there is no reply.
......Solitude.
Desolation, the feeling of loneliness, fills me. Wanting to caress the branches of other trees with my own, I eagerly move them each time the wind blows, but unfortunately, they do not reach.
They may reach if I stretch them further. With that thought, I absorb the earth's energy from my roots and the sun's energy from my leaves with all I have. Instantly, my trunk expands in thickness and my branches grow in length. My leaves, like pointed needles, approach the glossy, light-green leaves of the konara oak growing closest.
However, aah, what misfortune. The leaves of the konara oak wither light-brown immediately before I touch them, all falling to the ground in a whirl. Even its branches and trunk lose their moisture and rot, drained, and it collapses from its roots before long. It isn't just the konara. The other trees that were standing around the empty land wither and perish one after another, crumbling away. The moss immediately masks their remains.
I grieve for a while in the middle of the empty land that has expanded again, then absorb energy from the ground and sun once more. My trunk creaks as it swells out, my branches creak as they stretch out in all directions. I turn to the top of a nearby machilus next, desperately reaching out with my leaves.
But yet again, the other party's leaves wither and its trunk rots, having lost its life, and falls before I make contact. Along with the tree beside it. And the one beside that. The trees crumble away one after another and the empty land expands again.
The neighboring trees ended up withering due to me absorbing energy from the earth and the sun in my bid to extend my branches. Even while understanding that, I do not give up making contact with the other trees. How many times had this repeated? Before I knew it, I became several tens of times bigger than the trees of the forest and the cleared land had expanded to several tens of times its original area. And the same goes for the depth of my solitude.
No matter how far my branches stretch out, the day my pointed leaves touch the other trees' leaves will never come. I could not turn back any longer by the time I had realized that. My leaves and branches, protruding high above the forest, continue to monopolize a huge amount of sunlight regardless of my will and my roots, laid out across the ground, continue to absorb a massive amount of energy from the earth. The cold, vacant land expands day by day and the trees continue to fall, one after another...
"Good, that's enough."
All of a sudden, I heard that voice and was released from the cedar tree.
With just a single blink, the surrounding scenery returned to the Great Library Room where I was previously. Endless bookshelves illuminated by lamps of orange light. Polished stone flooring. A round table—and atop it, two swords. They were my «black one» and Eugeo's «Blue Rose Sword». They seemed exactly like the real ones, but that was impossible. Both of our beloved swords should have been confiscated from us when we were taken to the cathedral.
When I gazed at the white and black swords in a daze, a small hand reached out from the opposite side of the table and first held the black sword by its grip. The sword abruptly quivered in that instant and vanished without a sound.
Next, the hand touched the Blue Rose Sword by the side. That one disappeared in an instant as well, as though it was sucked into that palm.
"......Yes. I have certainly received the «memories of the weapon» both of you guided."
Raising my head at the voice that seemed satisfied, my eyes met those of the black robed girl sitting on the opposite side—the sage, Cardinal. Then, I finally realized that I seemed to have fallen into some kind of trance. When I looked to the side, Eugeo's green eyes were aimlessly wandering about again, but his body suddenly trembled and he blinked several times.
"...Huh... I was on the summit of the highest mountain of the mountain range at the edge..."
I instinctively called out to my partner, still murmuring some vague words, with a wry smile.
"So you went somewhere like that?"
"Yeah. It was an extremely cold and really lonely place..."
"Come now, it is not the time to relax yet."
Scolded while on the verge of entering chit-chat mode, I straightened up my posture in a fluster. When I secretly took a peek at the other side of the table, the young sage's eyelids were closed beyond those lenses. Her eyebrows were slightly lowered, indicating that she was thinking about something, but eventually, she lightly nodded and spoke.
"Fm... Rather than coming up with a technique, it seems better to prioritize with the simplicity of the art ritual. Now, Kirito, let's first start with your sword."
She lightly knocked on the table with the fingertips on her left hand and a sheet of parchment silently appeared on the surface. She touched the blank parchment with her right palm this time, gently brushing against it from top to bottom.
With just that, an art ritual that extended over ten lines distinctively surfaced upon it. Spinning the parchment around, she slid it in front of me. Repeating those actions once again, she moved the second sheet in front of Eugeo.
My partner and I exchanged glances, then simultaneously fixed our eyes upon the parchment before us.
The characters, written down in blue-black ink and a neat script, were entirely in the Sacred Tongue, which would mean letters, without a single character from the Common Tongue, which would mean Japanese. It followed the orthodox format for sacred art rituals, with the line number on the left and the text on the right. I skimmed through the text, that started with [system call] on the first line and ended with [enhance armament] on the tenth, as I counted the number of words and it really did go over twenty-five words.
True, it was essentially shorter than the full control art for the «Frost Scale Whip» Integrity Knight Eldrie used, but memorizing all of this was considerably difficult.
"Er-ermm... is taking this with me..."
"It goes without saying you can't. You should know that even those chicks in the academy, the trainees, aren't allowed to look at their textbooks during actual practice."
After rejecting me with an exasperated face, Cardinal continued.
"Firstly, if you take an object related to this library room out and it falls into the enemy's hands, there is the possibility of cracking through the space isolation."
"Th-Then those daggers we got earlier..."
"Those are linked to my own self, so it will not pose a problem. Come now, stop complaining and get to memorizing it. Eugeo has already gotten started."
I looked to the side in shock and as expected of him, Eugeo was exhibiting his honor student power, staring hard at the parchment as though he was consuming it and moving his lips in small motions. After I turned my eyes back to my own text, resigned, Cardinal mercilessly added more instructions.
"The time limit is thirty minutes, be sure to memorize it before then."
"N-No way, it's not like this is an academy examination... how about just a little more..."
That lightning struck yet again the moment I started to criticize, on the verge of giving up.
"Imbecile! Look here, the two of you were thrown into the underground jail and got your swords confiscated yesterday at about eleven in the morning. And ownership rights get reset if twenty-four hours pass from then, so you'll end up losing your opportunity to use this full control art."
"Ah... th-that's right. By the way, what time is it right now...?"
"Seven o'clock had already passed by long ago. There would be nearly no time left if we assume the time you will take to recover your sword would be two hours."
"......Un-Understood."
This time, I steeled my resolve and started scrutinizing the lines of the commands seriously.
Luckily, the sacred arts of the Underworld were written in the familiar language of English unlike the magic of Alfheim Online. The syntax was close to that of programming languages as well, so it was possible for me to remember it while understanding its meaning.
The art ritual written down by Cardinal ①declares a reference to the embedded data within the object (i.e. the memory of the weapon) saved within the main memory; ②selects only the required parts and modifies them; ③assigns them to the sword, as it currently is, to amplify its offensive ability; it seems to be composed from those three processes. As a technique, it was close to the «image buffer overwriting experiment» I carried out on the zephyria flowers during my novice trainee days, but the art ritual was full of vocabulary not in the academy textbooks, so it would probably be impossible to write it down without knowing all of the commands like Cardinal.
I kept a part of my head thinking about a related topic even as I engraved the ten line art ritual into my mind.
The Rath researchers who created the Underworld called the data system that documented all of the objects in this world «mnemonic visual». It was already an event from over two years ago for me, but I roughly explained its structure to Asuna and Sinon at Agil's store in Okachimachi, Taitoku-ku. My understanding had grown though observation and experiments since I had gotten thrown into this world.
The many existences in the Underworld were not polygon models like currently existing VRMMOs. The memories of stones and trees, dogs and cats, tools and buildings, and such were read in, equalized, and stored into the main storage, the «Main Visualizer», from the consciousness of the people who connect to—no, live in the world. And when the need arises, those memories are drawn out and passed on to the ones who dived in. After all, making the zephyrias bloom in the north empire, where they weren't supposed to, was through temporarily overwriting the equalized buffer data of «unable to bloom» to an image of «can be made to bloom».
Each and every object in this world is saved as memories.
If that was the case, it would be possible to do the opposite and modify a memory into an object as well, wouldn't it? That would make that scene I once saw, incomprehensible, otherwise.
Two years and two months ago, after gaining consciousness in the forest south of Rulid, I arrived at the bank of the Ruhr river that flowed through the forest. There, I had caught sight of a scene that felt far too vivid. The back view of a boy with flaxen hair, a girl with long, blonde hair, and a boy with short, black hair walking in the setting sun.
That image vanished in mere seconds, but that was definitely not an illusion. I can still vividly replay it, even now, when I close my eyes: the sunset dyed red, the swaying light on the girl's hair, the sound of footsteps upon the short grass. Back then, I must have summoned those three children from my own memories. The flaxen-haired boy was definitely Eugeo. The blonde-haired girl was Alice. And the black-haired boy was—...
"It has been thirty minutes. How is it going?"
I interrupted the thought unfolding at a corner of my consciousness at Cardinal's voice.
Turning the parchment on the tabletop over, I tried to call to mind the art ritual from its very beginning. I smoothly recalled all the way to the final word despite not concentrating very hard and answered, relieved.
"It's probably flawless."
"That's a pretty self-contradictory answer. What about you, Eugeo?"
"Er... erm, it's probably flaw.... fine."
"Very well."
After nodding with a face like she was suppressing a cynical smile, Cardinal added on.
"I'll say this first, but you must not use the full control art recklessly, regardless of how powerful it may be. The swords will lose quite a bit of their Lives with even a single use. Naturally, losing because you were too stingy to use it is an even bigger no-no. Use it when you judge that the time truly requires it. Be sure to properly place it back into its scabbard to allow it to recover its Life afterward."
"That... that sounds difficult..."
I murmured with a sigh, then flipped the parchment on the tabletop back face-up. I scanned through the art ritual again to double-check and noticed something.
"...Huh? This art ritual ends with the sentence, «enhance armament», right?"
"What about it, you have something to say?"
"N-No, that's not what I'm getting at. If I'm not wrong, the full control art Integrity Knight Eldrie used when we fought him had another art ritual following it... Erm, re, re-re..."
Eugeo sent a lifeboat out from the side as I hemmed and hawed.
"Release recollection... was that it? When he chanted that, the whip became a real snake. That was really surprising, wasn't it?"
"Yeah, that's it. Cardinal, our full control arts don't need that?"
"Fm..."
The sage dressed in black answered my doubts even while making a face that seemed like she was going to say something bothersome again.
"Look here, the armament full control art has two stages. Those are «strengthening» and «releasing». Strengthening refers to partially awakening the weapon's memories and manifesting a new offensive ability. And releasing refers to... as the term suggests, it awakens all of the weapon's memories, releasing its rampaging power."
"Rampaging power, huh... I see. So Eldrie's «Frost Scale Whip» can extend its range and split when strengthened, and when released it transforms into a snake, attacking enemies automatically, huh..."
Confirming my words with a single blink, Cardinal bluntly spoke.
"That is indeed the case. However, I'll say this first, the two of you are still far from being able to use the release art."
"Why... why is that?"
The sage turned to Eugeo, blinking his eyes in surprise, then continued in a stern tone.
"I said it was a rampaging power, did I not? The offensive ability brought about by releasing its memories are certainly not within the realm of control for a swordsman who has just recently learnt the art ritual. All the more so if it is a sacred instrument of a high priority... it would drag not just the enemies but yourself in as well, and if you use it shoddily, it may even cost you your life."
"Un-Understood."
Eugeo ended up obediently nodding, demonstrating his honor student aptitude from our academy times, so I couldn't help but to incline my own head up and down. It appeared Cardinal sensed my discontentment, however, as she added on with a sigh.
"A time when the two of you are able to use the release art will eventually come... perhaps, or maybe it won't. The swords will teach you everything. Well, only if you succeed in taking them back, that is."
"Heeh..."
Cardinal appeared annoyed at my reply and sharply stabbed the staff in her right hand onto the floor.
The two sheets of parchment in front of Eugeo and I rolled up from their ends and shrank tight—by the time that thought came to me, they had already turned into long and narrow baked pastries.
"You must be hungry after using your head, eat."
"Eh...? We won't forget the art ritual we memorized if we eat it or something like that...?"
"How could something so palatable possibly happen?"
"O-Oh, okay."
After exchanging looks with Eugeo, we picked up the baked pastries. I figured it was one of those simple pastries I bought and ate at Centoria's central marketplace, baked from wheat flour with sugar sprinkled on, but it was baked from pie dough and coated with white chocolate, a pastry that truly felt real-world-ish. When I took a bite out of it, its crispy texture and rich sweetness flooded my mouth, my tears almost flowing from the excessive nostalgia.
Eugeo and I finished it in a trance, as though we were competing with each other, and took a deep breath before lifting our heads and meeting Cardinal's eyes which were watching over us with a gentle gaze.
The young sage slowly nodded and spoke.
"Now... it's about time for us to say our farewells."
There was a heavy weight within those short words; I instantly shook my head.
"When we achieve our goals, you'll be able to get out of here, right? Calling it a farewell is just exaggerating..."
"Fm, I suppose that's true. If everything goes as planned, that is..."
"......"
True, if we were defeated by the integrity knights in the midst of battle on the way to the top floor of the cathedral, Cardinal would once again be subjected to a test of her patience in this Great Library Room. The load experimental phase would probably arrive before she found another collaborator and the Human World would sink into seas of blood and flames.
But for one who implied such a tragic end, Cardinal's smile was soothingly clear and a sensation that gripped my chest tight assailed me. The sage gave me, firmly chewing on my lips, a nearly imperceptible nod and softly turned away.
"Come, there is no time. Follow me... I will dispatch you from the door closest to the equipment vault on the third floor of the cathedral."

The passage from the central hall of the Great Library Room's first floor to the entrance room, connected to countless backdoors, was sorely far too short.
I did nothing but stare at Cardinal's small back as she walked right in front of me, with Eugeo mouthing the art ritual for the full control art at my side.
I wanted to talk to her more. And I wanted to know more about what she felt and thought in that period of time that exceeded two hundred years. I couldn't but desire to do so; that emotion filled even my throat, however Cardinal's pace was resolute, not forgiving even the slightest hesitation, and I could do nothing other than walk in silence.
Having guided us to the familiar, large room with many passages lined up on its three walls, Cardinal proceeded towards a single passage, stretching out from the right wall, in the same manner. She walked for another ten meters or so and right before reaching a single simple door at the end, built into the wall, she finally stood still and turned around towards us.
The smile on those lips, colored like cherry blossoms, was as gentle as it always was. Her mouth, that seemed to even display a sort of satisfaction, moved and a clear voice streamed out.
"Eugeo... and you, Kirito. The fate of the world is entrusted to the two of you as of now. Whether it gets covered in hell fire... or sinks into absolute nothingness, or perhaps..."
Looking straight into my eyes, she voiced out the continuation.
"—You discover a third path. I have already imparted all I can, given all I could. You simply have to head down the path you believe in."
"...Thank you very much, Cardinal-san. We will definitely reach the top of the cathedral... and return Alice to what she was."
Eugeo unequivocally spoke in a voice infused with determination.
I figured I ought to say something as well, but couldn't find the words. Instead, I took a single deep bow.
After a nod, Cardinal wiped her smile off and held onto the doorknob with her left hand extended.
"Now then... go!"
The doorknob turned and the door was thrown wide open in the next instant. Resisting the dry, cold wind that immediately blew in vigorously, Eugeo and I leapt out at once.
After walking for five, six steps like that, another small noise came from behind. When I looked over my shoulder, there was only a glossy marble wall coldly obstructing the way; the door connected to the Great Library Room had vanished without leaving behind the slightest trace.

Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral (5th Month of Human World Calendar 380)[edit]
Part 1[edit]
What a great distance I have traveled—
A lofty ceiling, uniform marble pillars, and the floor, an exquisite stone mosaic that used a variety of rock types.
Even as he had his breath taken away upon beholding the splendor of the Axiom Church Central Cathedral's interior for the first time, Eugeo couldn't help but to think so.
Until slightly more than two years ago, he believed that his life was to continue hacking away in vain at an unfellable tree with his axe. To pass his days immersed in memories of his blonde childhood friend, lost long ago, without getting married or having children, before turning his sacred task over to the next woodcutter after years had passed, living deep within the forest like that, and having his Life expire someday without anyone noticing.
However, the black-haired youth who had suddenly appeared one day forcibly broke through the small world that confined Eugeo. He even managed to hack down that absolute barrier sealing the path towards the capital, the Gigas Cedar, with a method that generations of woodcutter could never have imagined, causing Eugeo to approach a crucial juncture. To continue living in the small village while holding onto his memories of Alice. Or to set out on a journey to recover Alice—
It would be a lie to say that he hadn't faltered. Eugeo’s first thought was of his family the moment Gasupht, the village chief, said that he could choose his next sacred task on that village festival night.
Until then, Eugeo had always turned over all of the wages he had earned from chopping the Gigas Cedar to his family. Their occupation for generations had been growing wheat, but their fields were confined, especially in recent years where revenue was scarce due to the succession of poor harvests. His parents and elder brothers might not mention it outright, but they were likely partially counting on the stable income Eugeo earned each month.
The earnings as a woodcutter would naturally be gone with the felling of the Gigas Cedar. However, he could probably receive preferential treatment in gaining an area well-exposed to the sun in the newly cleared, cultivated land in the south if he chose to grow wheat like his father and the rest of his family as his sacred task. Upon spotting the faces of his family from the stage, mixed with anticipation and anxiety, at a corner of the cheerful villagers making merry, Eugeo was at a loss.
He was, but only for a brief moment. Eugeo forcibly tipped the scale balancing a reunion with the girl from his childhood and a life with his family, and he made a declaration. That he would leave the village and become a swordsman.
Even if he were to choose being a swordsman as his sacred task, he could still receive a salary from the village if he had stayed in Rulid and become one of the guards. However, leaving the village was, ultimately, to stand on his own two feet, away from his family's side. The money Eugeo brought to his family and the new fields they could have received were all nullified. The reason he had left in such a hurry, on the day after the festival, was because he could not bear to see his parents and elder brothers' faces, suppressing their disappointment and dissatisfaction.
There were chances where he could have chosen to start a new life with his family even after setting off with Kirito. Having participated in the swordsmanship tournament held in the town of Zakkaria, Eugeo won in the end, alongside Kirito, which had earned him the right to enter the guard corps, and he did so. Enduring the harsh training for half a year, they received letters of recommendation to take the examination for the North Centoria Imperial Sword Mastery Academy from their commanding officer in the guard corps, but an invitation from the commanding officer came with that. Their ranks would rise next year if they remained with the guard corps, with the level of skill the two had, and even becoming the commanding officer in the future was no fantasy. How comfortable would his family's lifestyle have gotten if he had gained a stable income in Zakkaria and sent a portion of it back to their home by entrusting it to an itinerant wagon?
However, Eugeo politely declined the commanding officer's invitation and got him to write the letter of recommendation as planned.
While en-route to the capital, his goal, and after enrolling in the Sword Mastery Academy as well, Eugeo continued making excuses in a corner of his mind the entire time. For example, if he was chosen as the academy's representative swordsman, gaining victory in the Four Empire Unity Tournament, and thus, inducted as an honorable integrity knight, he could enable his parents and family to live in unimaginable extravagance. Or if he made a triumphal return to the village, clad in silver armor and straddling a flying dragon alongside Alice, his parents would have more pride in him than anyone else.
However, by drawing his sword against the elite swordsmen-in-training, Raios Antinous and Humbert Zizek, two evenings past, Eugeo had betrayed his family for the third time. At the very least, he had discarded the considerably likely future of being invested as a first class aristocrat if the circumstances had allowed it... no, that was an understatement; he had discarded even his status as a commoner and chosen instead the path of being a major criminal who had violated a taboo.
Back then, Eugeo was conscious of those circumstances somewhere in his mind, even when he was induced into motion by a tremendous rage. If he were to cut Raios and Humbert at this very moment, he would lose anything and everything. Eugeo drew his sword while aware even of that. He did it to help Tiezé and Ronye who appeared to be getting raped before his eyes; he did it to continue in the justice he believed in; but that wasn't all to it. He had desired to release that bloodthirst rampaging within his heart; he had desired to erase Raios and Humbert without leaving a single trace behind; he had certainly desired to take action on those murky thoughts.
Really now, what a great distance I have traveled—
He had made a complete turn from one of the exclusive twelve elite swordsmen-in-training in the academy, to stepping upon the floor of the most sacred place in the world as a rebel, an enemy of the Axiom Church.
Fleeing from the pursuit of the bow-using integrity knight, Eugeo was informed of the existence of a book that recorded down all history of the Human World from a young girl who was supposed to be the previous highest minister of the Axiom Church in the mysterious Great Library Room he had entered, and proceeded to read it as though he was devouring it. Because he needed to know, no matter what. Whether there were any humans who had pointed a blade towards the church, fought with integrity knights, and escaped far away somewhere after accomplishing their wishes, in the long history.
Unfortunately, he couldn't find a single episode of such a person. The influence of the church spread far and wide, covering the world, and all of the masses would prostrate themselves before the authority of the integrity knights; no matter how serious the quarrel was—it would be easily overcome, even if it was a dispute over imperial borders between fellow empires. There wasn't even a single record of anyone who had drawn a sword in an attack against the church and fought against the integrity knights in the massive history book, no matter how hard he had examined it.
...In other words, I am the worst sinner over the three hundred and eighty years since the Human World was created by the goddess of creation, Stacia.
The moment Eugeo thought so while closing the back cover of the book, an icy chill assailed him. If Kirito hadn't come back with such perfect timing and called out to him, he would have probably have continued to quail as he cowered there.
Eugeo had to convince himself countless times, even as he listened to a tale from the mysterious previous highest minister with his partner. He could no longer return to his previous way of life after choosing to abandon his family, slash another man, and fight against the church. He had no path aside from moving forward, no matter how much blood may stain his hands, no matter how many sins may besmirch his soul. For the sake of that one purpose that he had left.
To recover the «heart fragment» stolen by the current highest minister, turn Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty back into Alice Schuberg, and send her to the dearly-missed Rulid Village.
However, his wish to live together with the girl could no longer be granted. The one and only place he thought he could go now, with the many crimes he had committed, was beyond the mountain range at the edge, into the dreadful land of darkness. But that was fine too. There was nothing more to hope for, if Alice could live happily where she was born.
As Eugeo reflected upon his mute determination, he stared at Kirito's back, moving ahead of him.
...If I said I will go to the land of darkness, would he come with me...?
Upon asking that question silently, Eugeo forced himself to stop imagining his partner's reply. Thinking about how his path forward might, in the near future, part from his black-haired staunch friend, the only other person in this world standing in the same position right now, was unbelievably terrifying.

As Cardinal mentioned, the corridor that extended straight from the door was unexpectedly short.
He walked quickly, while sunk in thought for a mere instant; it didn't take him long before reaching the spacious, rectangular room.
The central portion of the right wall had staircases, surprisingly wide and respectively rising up and descending down. The ceiling's height extended over eight mel, thus, it seemed there were over twenty steps until reaching the landing at the halfway point of the staircase.
And set in the left wall were grand double doors, surrounded by sculptures of winged beasts.
Kirito walking in front quickly turned his right palm this way and hugged against the wall, so Eugeo followed suit and pressed his back against a stone pillar within reach. Holding his breath, he scanned through the gloomy, spacious room.
If the previous highest minister's words prove right, the grand doors on the left ought to be the equipment vault they were looking for. Despite being such an important place, the spacious room was silent as the grave, lacking the presence of any others. Even the light from Solus that shone in from the large staircase to the right appeared stained in an icy gray hue.
"...There's no one around, huh..."
Upon softly whispering towards Kirito's back, his partner nodded, slightly disappointedly as well.
"It's an equipment store, so I figured there would be a guard or two, but... I guess maybe it's because the Axiom Church wouldn't have anyone entering to steal in the first place..."
"But they know about our intrusion already, right? They're rather calm despite that."
"They really do have reason to be. They have no need to spend their time searching around for people like us. In other words, the next time we meet integrity knights, there will either be a considerably large number of them or considerably strong ones. C'mon, let's make use of this time extension as much as we can."
Ending his words with a hmph, in a snort, Kirito agilely ran out from the cover of the wall. Eugeo followed after that, crossing the deserted, spacious hall.
The doors to the equipment vault had embossed carvings of the two goddesses, Solus and Terarria, and no keyholes, but they possessed such intensity that it made him think that unbelievers might not be able to open them, no matter how hard they pulled or pushed. However, after Kirito put his ear against the door for a bit, then placed his hands upon the handles, putting some force into them, the doors opened so easily that it was practically a let-down. The hinges didn't even let out a single creak.
A dense, cold air, like several hundred years worth of stillness, swirled out from the black gap of around fifty cen that opened up and made Eugeo shiver, but his partner slipped himself through without hesitation, so he hurriedly followed behind. When the solemn doors closed behind, their surroundings were engulfed in complete darkness.
"System call..."
The art ritual that instinctively left his mouth overlapped perfectly with Kirito's voice, so he ended up smiling despite the situation. While continuing with generate luminous element, Eugeo recalled the time he went with Kirito to the north cave to search for Selka. It was hard enough using the basics of the basics among the sacred arts back then and he couldn't do much more than making a stick held in his hand light up faintly at its tip—
The pure white luminous element brought forth atop his right palm pushed aside the dense darkness, incidentally brushing away Eugeo's nostalgic mood.
"Uo..."
As Kirito let out an astonished voice at his side, a gulp simultaneously came from Eugeo's throat.
What space. It was labeled a vault, so he imagined a place like the Sword Mastery Academy's tool storehouse, but this was ridiculous. It had practically as much area as the large practice arena where Kirito and Uolo Levanteinn had held their match.
Radiance of each and every hue filled the space, reflected illumination from the luminous element that shot from Eugeo's palm, with the surrounding smooth stone walls on all four sides.
Systematically lined along the floor were suits of armor, placed upon supports modelled after humans. In addition to having pitch-black ones, pure-white ones, and those in dazzling hues of coppery reds, silvery blues, and golden yellows, they also included each and every sort of armor, from light armor constructed from thin chains and leather to heavy armor, large metal plates joined together without any gaps. They numbered no less than five hundred.
And on the tall walls hung, yet again, practically every kind of weapon in existence, closely packed together.
Even among the swords alone, there were long ones, short ones, with a wide range of thick, thin, straight, and curved ones also. In addition, there was a great variety of combat equipment, from single-edged and double-edged axes, to lances and long spears, warhammers, whips, and maces, to bows stretched from the floor to nearly the ceiling, their numbers practically uncountable, and Eugeo could do naught but leave his mouth agape.
"...Sortiliena-senpai might get overwhelmed and faint if she came here, huh."
Kirito finally broke the silence with a whisper several seconds later.
"Yeah... The same goes for Gorgolosso-senpai, he'd throw himself at that large sword and never let go of it if he saw it."
Sighing as he murmured a reply, Eugeo then forcefully expelled the breath choked in his throat. Scanning through the vast equipment vault once more, he shook his head two or three times.
"How do I say this... is the church thinking about eventually starting its own army or something? The integrity knights alone should already be enough, though..."
"Hmm... to fight with the army of darkness...? No, that's not it..."
Kirito's expression suddenly stiffened and continued with a glance at Eugeo.
"It's the reverse. It's not to make an army... but to make it impossible to create one; that's why the church has been gathering equipment here. The equipment here is probably all powerful, at sacred instrument class or somewhere around there. The highest minister, Administrator, didn't need some organization aside from the Axiom Church from getting their hands on strong equipment and obtaining excess battle potential..."
"Eh...? What's that supposed to mean? There can't possibly be an organization that'll turn on the Axiom Church, no matter what kind of strong equipment they hold, can there?"
"In other words, the one with the least faith in the church's authority might just be the venerable highest minister herself."
Eugeo could not immediately grasp the meaning of Kirito's sarcastic words. However, his partner patted him on his back before he could ponder on them.
"Come on, time's running out. Let's hurry up and get our swords back."
"Ah... y-yeah. But it'll be a daunting task to look for them from all these..."
The Blue Rose Sword and the black sword were sheathed in their respective sheaths of discreet white and black leather, but many similar swords could be spotted on the walls.
"...Even if we try to use the umbra element searching art again, the sacred power in the area should have been used up by the luminous elements earlier..."
It was in that moment, when Eugeo let out a sigh while thinking 'if that was the case, we should have just used a single light', that Kirito unhesitatingly spoke.
"Oh, found them."
Lifting his right hand, he pointed to the immediate left of the doors they had entered.
"Woah... to think they're in a place like this."
The white and black swords at the spot Kirito pointed towards were certainly the pair's beloved swords, beyond any room for doubt. Eugeo gazed at his partner's profile in mute amazement.
"Kirito, how did you do that without even using any sacred arts...?"
"I just figured that the newest swords brought in might be placed closest to the door."
Despite how Kirito, who revealing his reasoning, would normally childishly show a proud smile at such times, he was now for some reason staring solemnly at his own black sword. But he then immediately exhaled, approached the wall, and gripped the black leather sheath after reaching for it with his right hand.
He froze for a fleeting instant, as if hesitating, but lifted it off the metal supports before long. Following that, he took the Blue Rose Sword at its side with his left hand and tossed it. Eugeo caught it in a panic and the familiar weight made itself known to his wrist.
Despite spending less than a few days away from his beloved sword, a powerful sense of nostalgia and relief that surprised even Eugeo himself flooded through him and he tightly grasped the sheath with both hands.
The Blue Rose Sword was always close to him and had helped him out countless times ever since the Gigas Cedar was felled back home. It was there when he had entered the swordsmanship tournament in the town of Zakkaria; it was there when he had challenged the entrance examinations for the Sword Mastery Academy; it was even there when he had disobeyed the Taboo Index and amputated Humbert's arm.
If the Axiom Church had always been gathering all kinds of powerful equipment over the many years, them overlooking this Blue Rose Sword, laying dormant in the north cave, was truly good fortune—or perhaps fate. Evidence that following the path of taking Alice back was definitely not a mistake...
"Stop getting all overwhelmed already, hurry up and wear it."
Abruptly regaining his senses at Kirito's voice, mingled with laughter, he saw that his partner had already attached his beloved sword's sheath onto the clasp of his sword belt. Eugeo followed suit while showing an embarrassed smile, ending with a pat on its pommel and looked around as he pondered on their next step. The elite-looking armor lined up on the ground had engraved nameplates hung on them, with names such as [Senrai Armor] or [Shinzan Kacchu][4], inciting quite an interest from him.
"...What should we do, Kirito? We'll probably be able to find one that suits us with this many around, do you want to borrow some armor too?"
"Naah, we haven't worn armor before, right? It's best not to do what you’re not used to. Let's just take those clothes over there."
Looking towards the place his partner pointed and true enough, he saw clothes in a variety of colors arranged at a section within the ranks of the armor. Looking down at his own body, he found spots torn and frayed on the academy uniform he had worn from two days ago due to the fight and subsequent retreat from Knight Eldrie.
"True, they'll likely become indistinguishable from rags sooner or later at the rate we're going."
The two luminous elements drifting overhead were gradually losing their radiance too. Casting away his lingering regrets over the armor, he ran over to the clothes section and haphazardly dug through the fabric that seemed to be of high quality, looking for a coat and trousers that matched his frame. Turning their backs to each other, they quickly changed.
Putting his hand through the sleeve of ultramarine clothes extremely similar to his academy uniform, Eugeo was shocked by the texture's smoothness. When he turned back after changing, he saw Kirito had the same thought, stroking the black fabric with both hands.
"...These clothes definitely have their own little bit of stories to tell. It would be nice if they could stop the integrity knights' attacks somewhat, though."
"Now that's hoping for too much."
After laughing a little at his frivolous partner's words, Eugeo’s expression tautened.
"Now then... shall we get going?"
"Yeah... I guess so."
Trading short remarks, they returned to the entrance.
Things had gone so smoothly thus far that it could be considered disappointing, but it would hardly remain that way. Let's proceed with our guards up—their deep, mutual nods silently included the recognition of that fact; Eugeo grasped the right handle of the doors and Kirito, the left.
Gently pulling them open together, the gap gingerly widened—
Do-ka-ka-ka! That noise came almost concurrently from the countless steel arrows that pierced through the surface of the thick doors.


"Uwah!"
"Owah!?"
The doors were hurled open with the weight of the impact; Eugeo and Kirito fell onto the ground, their rear-ends first.
A familiar knight in red armor stood on the grand staircase's landing, far away on the opposite side of the rectangular room stretching out from the opening, starting to nock fresh arrows onto a long bow of nearly the same height. Furthermore, that was with four at the same time. There was no mistake that this was the same integrity knight riding the flying dragon in the rose garden.
The distance between us is roughly thirty mel, huh? Swords definitely can't reach, but it's likely the perfect range for an expert archer. And we probably won't have the time to draw the swords at our waists from this unsightly fallen posture, let alone getting up and taking cover at the walls.
That was why I said we should wear the armor! It would have been even better if we had a shield!
Eugeo screamed thusly in his heart as the knight began drawing the longbow's string almost simultaneously.
With things as they are, I have no choice but to give up on evading without getting hurt and use all I have to avoid a fatal wound—no, a severe wound that'll render me immobile at the very least.
Eugeo opened his eyes wide and stared at the four nocked arrows. The dull silver-colored arrows were aimed not at their hearts, but their legs. It was as Cardinal mentioned, the order passed down to the knights was likely not to take them out, but to capture them. But in the current circumstances, getting captured was essentially the same as getting murdered.
The integrity knight drew the strained bowstring to its limit.
A moment of stillness arrived, where all motion seemed to cease—
Kirito's tense voice pierced through that opening.
"Burst element!"
Eugeo could not instantly catch what his partner said as it was too fast. He understood its significance only after the phenomenon occurred.
A brilliant whiteness suddenly radiated across his vision.
An intense light, as if Solus had descended. It was a simple art that merely set free a luminous element, one of the «elements» that served as the foundation of elemental sacred arts, but Kirito hadn't recited the art ritual for generating elements. Just where did—...
No, there was an element. There were luminous elements, drifting in midair, called out by both of them to illuminate the equipment vault tens of minutes ago, weren't there? The neglected elements were on standby for any sequential art rituals. Kirito gave the order for the element floating over his head to be set free and produced that immense light.
—There was him throwing that glass fragment he had picked up during the fight with Eldrie too; I'm totally no match for him at fighting by making use of items lying around as always...
While thinking about such things, Eugeo gathered strength into his legs within the pure white light and jumped to the right with all his might.
He immediately heard the screeching noise of steel arrows digging into the stone floor, coming from where he had been until half a second ago. It would be best to take cover by the walls first, having averted a direct hit—or so he thought, when Kirito's low shout reached his ears.
"Forward!"
Understanding his partner's aim in an instant, Eugeo kicked off the ground once again. Not slanting off towards the right, but straight forward.
The luminous element's explosion was from overhead, behind the pair, which meant Kirito and Eugeo did not face the light source directly, but the integrity knight's eyes should have taken the light head-on. There was no doubt his eyesight would remain robbed for several more seconds.
The luminous element's direct offensive ability was low when compared to thermal and cryogenic elements, and mostly used in healing arts instead, but if one were to make a weapon emanate light strongly, it possessed the promising abilities of blinding eyes and inspiring awe. Hence, it was wise to prepare an element of the opposing type, the umbra element, for the sake of neutralizing art rituals when the opponent generates a luminous element during battle; this was taught even in the academy's lessons.
There was no way an integrity knight, standing at the apex of all swordsmen and art users, would not have heard of such common knowledge, which meant calling a new luminous element out and blinding him would not work for a second time. This was the first and last opportunity to narrow the distance from the enemy archer.
Speedy analysis of the situation and selection of actions were also an essential point of the Aincrad-style, or so Kirito told Eugeo countless times. It was a way of thinking utterly different from the High Norkia-style that emphasizes refinement and gallantry in movements. And the charm to calm one's mind down for putting that point into practice, even in the midst of battle, was «stay cool».
A step behind his partner following the usage of the luminous element, Eugeo frantically chased after the footsteps in front. He drew the Blue Rose Sword from the left of his waist as he ran.
Having served its purpose, the luminous element vanished immediately after, and the world regained its color and form. The pair had already run into the spacious hall from the equipment vault. Affirming with both eyes wide open, that the integrity knight could be seen standing around twenty steps up the staircase ahead.
As predicted, it appeared that the knight's vision was still impaired. His body tottered with his right hand on the face guard of that bronze-colored helmet.
It was a true stroke of luck that unlike Eldrie, the integrity knight in front of them did not wear a sword on his waist. He had an astonishing amount of self confidence, bringing nothing more than a single longbow when picking a fight indoors. He must have been convinced that he could shoot through the pair's legs before they could approach.
Eugeo's mind was calm, but still, he could not suppress that tiny flame of anger, languidly swaying in a corner of his consciousness.
—Integrity knight, you're the same as Raios and Humbert. You are haughty, arrogant, and you believe yourself to always be in the right. You are convinced that you, justice incarnate, have absolutely no chance of losing.
—But that is your own vanity. Just wait, I will... prove that to you this instant!!
Pushed on by a rather foreign emotion, Eugeo charged onto the grand staircase. It was after traversing the first two steps, just as his right foot reached for the third.
The knight, standing on the landing slightly more than ten steps ahead, removed his right hand from the face guard, turned it around towards his back, and drew out steel arrows from a quiver. Every remaining one, all at the same time.
The packed bunch of arrows that his right hand nimbly brought back numbered at least thirty no matter how one looked at it. Without even granting enough time to question what he had in plan, the knight nocked the entire bunch of arrows onto the string of the longbow held horizontal with his left hand.
"Wha..."
Stopping with his foot on the third step of the grand staircase, Eugeo gulped. There ought to be no way that single slender bowstring would be able to fire thirty arrows together at once.
A metallic, creaking noise reached his ears. Something cold ran down his spine upon noticing that it was the steel arrows screaming as they endured a tremendous grip.
It appeared Kirito, who had stopped on the right, had deduced the knight's intentions as well. It could be a bluff made in desperation, or—
An increasingly violent squealing swept out; the longbow was drawn back heavily.
"—Jump back to the left!"
Kirito shrieked.
Binn! The air reverberated, followed immediately with a snapping sound as the bowstring broke under the pressure.
But every single one of the thirty steel arrows were fired out into a radial pattern, cascading down onto the pair as a lethal, silver storm.
Eugeo kicked off the stairs with such force that he thought his right foot broken, pitching his body towards the left. He laid the Blue Rose Sword across the center of his body, protecting it.
The pair surely would have been riddled with holes if the knight had not had an issue with his eyesight.
One arrow struck the Blue Rose Sword and was repelled with a shrill noise. One weaved through the right cuff of Eugeo's trousers, one made a shallow cut at his left flank, and one grazed his left cheek, shearing off several strands of hair.
Loudly crashing onto the ground, shoulder first, fear made Eugeo grit his teeth as he looked down along his own body. After confirming the lack of severe wounds, he turned his face towards Kirito who had jumped towards the right.
"Kirito! You alright?!"
His black-haired partner lightly nodded with an expression that went rigid as expected upon his hoarse shout.
"So... somehow. Looks like it went through the gap in between my toes."
He saw an arrow stuck in through the tip of Kirito's left shoe, piercing through the sole, when he took a look. While giving thanks to his partner's reaction speed and good luck, Eugeo took a deep breath of air.
"...That was dangerous..."
He murmured as he urged his numbed body to stand.
When he looked up at the landing, the integrity knight had truly ceased motion this time round. The quiver on his back was empty and the longbow's string, too, was broken and dangling loosely. This was truly what running out of options meant, with his bow broken and arrows spent[5]. But the opponent was an integrity knight, so it would be unacceptable to let down one's guard, not to mention this was no situation for pity.
"...Let's go."
His partner gave a subdued call and Eugeo set his right foot onto the stairs once again.
But Kirito instructed Eugeo, with his left hand still gripping onto the arrow extracted from his shoe.
"Wait... that knight's reciting an..."
"Eh."
Eugeo pricked up his ears in a fluster. So long as they weren't at a distance where they could slash the enemy with a single bound, it was imperative to generate the opposing element when he starts to recite a sacred art. He focused on the voice, warped in a metallic manner, uttered from under the integrity knight's helmet. He chanted rather fast, but he caught it somehow, perhaps because he was made to study in that library room.
However, each and every phrase in that ritual was new to his ears. He couldn't adopt a countermeasure without the phrase that included «generate», that determined the type of element.
"Crap, that's..."
In that moment, Kirito's voice came out in a gasp.
"This isn't an elemental attack. It's the «armament full control art»."
Before those strained words could end, the integrity knight shouted the final phrase lucidly.
"—Enhance armament!"
With a 'po' sound, orange flames were born at the bowstring's two torn and dangling ends. The flames consumed the bowstring in the blink of an eye and then something occurred the moment they reached the two tips of the longbow.
A deep crimson blaze swirled up from the entire copper bow.
A fervor that seemed enough to scorch one's skin extended to the bottom of the stairs and Eugeo instinctively shielded his face. The integrity knight standing at the landing draped the flames surging out from the bow around his whole body, looking as though he was set ablaze.
Eugeo was at a loss on what action to take, with the utterly unforeseen development. Should he conclude that the knight had no offensive ability even after using the full control art, since those arrows were already spent, and rush in? Or perhaps the knight spent all the arrows on the attack just a moment ago because they were no longer necessary in the full control state?
Wondering which his partner saw it as, he took a fleeting glance at the side and saw Kirito staring in wonder, with even a faint smile upon his lips just like a child, neither drawing back nor charging in.
"Now this is amazing... I wonder what the origin of that bow is."
"This isn't any time to admire it."
He felt like knocking against Kirito's shoulder out of habit, but he held it back and looked up at the knight once more. They could use the full control art they had recently learned as well, to deal with the opponent's art ritual, but there was no doubt the other side would not permit that. It was certain they would be attacked before they could finish reciting the lengthy art ritual. If they were inclined to use it, they couldn't possible complete it in time unless they had started chanting with the opponent.
With things this far developed, there was naught but to adapt to the opponent's moves; Eugeo resolved himself for the worst, but it appeared the integrity knight intended for a respite for the time being as well, raising his helmet's visor with his right hand while the blazing bow remained in his left.
His face wasn't visible, sunk deep within the shadows cast by the flames, but Eugeo discerned an intense gleam in his eyes that actually reminded him of steel arrows. The voice that followed, too, carried a mechanical reverberation that made it seem unlike a human's.
"—It has truly been two years since I basked in the flames of the «Conflagrant Flame Bow» in this manner. I see, it does appear that you possess enough ability to exchange blows with Knight Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one, criminals. However, that makes it more unforgivable. To not engage in a fair and proper battle between knights, but to deceive Thirty-one through those repulsive darkness arts!"
"Dar... darkness arts, you say?"
Kirito spoke from the side, as though he was taken aback. Eugeo lost his breath for a moment too, then vehemently shook his head as he shouted.
"Th... that's not it, we haven't used darkness arts or anything like that! We were merely talking about Eldrie-san before he became an integrity knight and..."
"What, before he became an integrity knight!? We integrity knights do not have a past of our own! We have always been glorious integrity knights from the moment we were summoned from the Celestial World!!"
The steel-like, enraged words made the grand staircase tremble and snatched Eugeo's breath away.
According to the girl, Cardinal, all of the integrity knights have had their memories sealed away before becoming one. In other words, this red knight before his eyes, too, simply believed thoroughly that «he was summoned from the Celestial World».
It seemed possible to stir integrity knights into unrest if their original memories, blocked by that object called a «piety module», were stimulated, but that was impossible when he weren't even aware of the opponent's name. In short, he couldn't be immobilized with the same method used in Eldrie's case.
The knight let out a thunderous voice with heightened severity in the midst of the endless sparks scattered by the longbow.
"I will not reduce the two to you to cinders as I was ordered to capture you alive, but prepare yourself to have an arm burnt away with the Conflagrant Flame Bow now released as you can see! Try all you wish, to see if those shoddy swords are capable of slipping through these flames of conviction and reaching me!!"
The knight placed his right hand approximately where the bow, raised high, would originally have held its string. Before even allowing the time to ponder what the gesture his fingertip adopted, like gripping onto something, meant—
Intense flames surged out in front of the bow and transformed into a single arrow in an instant. Eugeo's back went rigid upon vividly sensing an absurd amount of power contained within that flame arrow brilliantly gleaming.
"Guess neither breaking the bowstring nor running out of arrows mattered."
Kirito voiced with a dull groan at his side, so he gathered strength into his jaw that seemed like it was about to tremble and quickly answered.
"Any plans?"
"He can't shoot multiple times in a row, that's my hunch. I'll stop his first attack somehow, so you go in for the kill."
"Hunch, hey..."
—In other words, that meant everything was over if that flame arrow could be shot consecutively. However, even if it was a single shot, that was evidence enough to prove that it possessed enough might to kill in one attack. wasn't it? Doubts over how Kirito would defend against an attack like that burgeoned, but Eugeo shrugged them off and nodded.
"—Got it."
Kirito would probably stop it if he said he could. This was far more realistic when compared to the absurdity of him chopping down the Gigas Cedar when he said he would.
Perhaps interpreting the pair, returning to a stance with their respective sword at the ready, as resolving themselves for the worst, the integrity knight started to draw the invisible string with an air of composure.
The heat caressing Eugeo's cheeks strengthened further. The flames emitted from the longbow, apparently named Conflagrant Flame Bow, had already reached the landing's ceiling and were scorching the marble black.
Kirito moved without warning.
With neither a war cry, nor a strong kick off the ground, he charged forth like a leaf from a tree swept away by rapid currents. A split second late, Eugeo followed behind in agitation.
Only a faint, blue light shone through his partner's loosely gripped fist as he ran up the steps, but Eugeo still noticed. He had probably generated them in secret while the knight delivered his speech, and he had no doubt that was the radiance emitted by cryogenic elements.
The knight finally drew the longbow to its limit when they approached the halfway point of the twenty-steps staircase.
An art ritual rapidly gushed out from Kirito's mouth at the same time.
"Form element, shield shape! Discharge!"
The number of elements that lined up and shot forward from his left fist, sharply thrust out, was the maximum simultaneous limit for a single hand, five. The blue points of light successively transformed into large, round shields, starting with the foremost, and creating a thick obstruction between Kirito and the integrity knight.
A ferocious voice roared out from the knight's mouth for the third time when he saw that.
"Don't make me laugh!—Pierce through them!!"
The accumulated conflagration, that flame arrow—no, it would be more accurate to call it a spear by now, fired with a jolt, its howl bringing to mind a fire dragon's breath.
The flame spear came into contact with the ice shield Kirito had created after an instant of flight.
The first shield dispersed in a transient moment, its fragments immediately turning into vapor as well.
The second and third, too, were penetrated before the noise of shattering reached his ears.
The fourth shield had its core, where the arrow struck, deeply bent inwards, but as expected, it wasn't enough and dispersed. Looking through the final shield remaining, the flame spear that drew close to his eyes and nose colored his vision bright red.
But still, Eugeo did not slacken his pace and continued dashing up the stairs. He couldn't leave his partner, right before his eyes, charging forward savagely alone.
Eugeo gritted his teeth and caught sight of the flame spear that collided with the fifth shield in front, finally losing some of its impetus, regardless of how little that reduction was. Sparks were violently thrown into the air when it was unable to break through the barrier originating from its counter elemental attribute.
"——!?"
Eugeo's eyes flashed wide open in that moment. It appeared like the blazing spear beyond the semi-transparent ice wall changed its form for an instant. The form, with a beak wide open and wings spread out, was practically the same as a bird of prey...
But without giving Eugeo even the chance to blink, countless cracks surfaced on the final shield and it smashed into pieces.
A heatwave that denied him from even breathing then descended. The flame spear, no, flaming bird that had penetrated through every barrier made a savage assault as though to consume Kirito within its flames as well.
"Uooooh!!"
That was when a spirited yell finally surged out from Kirito's mouth. He sharply thrust the black sword held in his right hand forward.
He's not going to try slashing that giant bird, is he, Eugeo wondered. However.
The sword Kirito extended straight forward traced an inconceivable arc. It spun like a windmill, moving lightning-fast with those five shining fingers acting as the fulcrum.
But that speed was extraordinary. It was unknown how exactly those fingers moved, the blade rotated with more momentum than the eyes could follow, as if a semi-transparent black shield had made its appearance there.
The flaming bird's head made contact with the sixth shield.
Dowaa!! That thunderous noise might have been the giant bird's enraged howl—
The lethal blaze that had smashed through five ice walls was shredded into over a thousand scraps by the rotating blade, scattering it away in a radial manner. But a few among those enveloped Kirito's body, causing small explosions one after another.
Watching his partner's body whisked into the air as though it was repelled, Eugeo screamed.
"Kirito—!!"
Even while he was swallowed by the endless sparks, Kirito shouted back from the air.
"Don't stop, Eugeo!!"
Shaking off his momentary indecision, Eugeo glared forward. Kirito would never stop and let a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity escape in this situation. He had accomplished what he said he would. So he would surely have to fulfil his side of the deal.
Passing his partner, as he fell down on the right, Eugeo leapt up the remaining steps.
Cutting through the remains of the blaze that drifted in the air in a single surge, the landing where the knight stood in the way was practically right before him.


It must have been beyond the integrity knight's expectations as well, for that attack, that took all of his might from the armament full control art, to be repelled without inflicting any injury. His actual face still couldn't be seen from this distance, but he sensed a hint of surprise from within the helmet. There was no longer enough time to draw the bow and fire another shot. As long as he wasn't armed with a sword, by allowing him to close the distance—
-It's your loss!
Eugeo brandished the Blue Rose Sword aloft while projecting that silent cry.
"Don't underestimate me, rascal!!"
The knight bellowed as if he heard Eugeo's thoughts.
The shade of surprise vanished in an instant and an overwhelming fighting spirit enveloped the copper-hued heavy armor. The left arm that held the burning longbow was raised high, overhead, and the terrible flames gathered in his fist once more.
"Doaah!!"
Alongside a scream that rippled the burnt air, the knight's left fist thrust out in a straight line.
—What now!?
He had already launched into a lunge, but that thought flashed through the depths of his mind for an instant.
Normally thinking about it, both the range and power would be higher on this side, when comparing the sword and the fist. But the other side was standing in a favorable position. Would the comparatively slender Blue Rose Sword be able to push back the fist thrown from the integrity knight who was not only tall, but had the advantage of being three steps above as well? Should he avoid here and attack again after climbing up to the landing?
No—
Kirito, a knight of the Aincrad-style who was Eugeo's teacher while being his close friend, had once mentioned this.
—In this world, what's important is to put something into your sword.
—You have to be the one to find what to put into your sword.
It was the same for the one who mentored Eugeo, Gorgolosso-senpai, the one who mentored Kirito, Sortiliena-senpai, and even the haughty yet dishonorable nobles, Raios and Humbert; they possessed something that endowed their swords with power. But Eugeo personally felt he was still searching for one. His daily training piled up more than anyone else and he understood various secret moves, but he had yet to find something to imbue into his own sword. It might even be something he might never find for all of eternity, as one not born as a swordsman.
Still. At the very least, he could not succumb to this integrity knight's vigor and draw his sword back this particular time. After all, the time for him to devote single-mindedly to sword practice was over. Eugeo had an unwavering objective now. To regain Alice, turned into an integrity knight with her memories stolen.
——Alice.
Yes, that was all that mattered. He could do nothing but watch as his childhood friend was taken away by a knight on that summer day eight years ago; this time, he would save her for sure. His proficiency in swordsmanship, his knowledge in sacred arts, polishing all of that was for that purpose.
—Please, lend me your strength. I am still inexperienced and might not be cut out to be the master of a renowned sword like yourself... But I can't help but to go forward now!
While calling out within his heart, Eugeo firmly bent his entire body after taking a stance with the Blue Rose Sword held overhead.
A vivid blue light enveloped the faintly translucent blade. Aincrad-style secret move, «Vertical».
"O... oohh!"
Guided by a keen intent, the sword lunged forth. A tempestuous thrum, unique to secret moves, reverberated from the blade as it flashed through the air and clashed against the integrity knight's conflagrant left fist.
The shock wave of the blue and red lights coalescing into one and dispersing outwards in a circle, tore up the red carpet laid over the stairs and the fabric hanging on the walls. The fist and sword remained unmoving in midair, still joined together.
Creak, creak; the armored gauntlet and sword blade grated against each other. Eugeo exerted all of his might in an attempt to complete the secret move, but the knight's arm didn't make the slightest movement, as though it were a rock. However, the opponent didn't seem to have much surplus composure either. A low groan escaped from inside the helmet as he shifted his entire body weight into his fist.
It was a stalemate, but one that lasted for utter seconds. The flames released from the Conflagrant Flame Bow still held in the knight's fist started licking at the Blue Rose Sword as well. The light of the secret move that covered the blade flickered as though it could not endure the heat. If «Vertical» was interrupted here, it was certain that the sword would be swept away in an instant and he would suffer from the scorching-hot attack head-on.
"Gu... uh, oo....!"
Eugeo mustered all of his physical and mental strength in a bid to swing the sword down. However, the flames continued to intensify and the blade began to turn red-hot.
He hadn't paid attention to it until now, but the Blue Rose Sword possessed an elemental attribute of ice according to the «sword's memories» he saw in the Great Library Room. As such, it would be weak against searing flames, its opposing element, and keeping this situation up for too long was quite capable of exhausting its Life to a dangerous degree.
But at the same time, it ought to be possible to negate the enemy's flames with the sword's element.
—You were tempered by the coldest blizzard in the mountain range at the edge since the creation of this world.
—Don't you dare lose to a sheer flame like this!
Perhaps responding to Eugeo's cry—
An abrupt chill came forth, stinging not only his right hand, holding the grip, but the left hand that supported the pommel as well. It surely was no hallucination. As proof, the miniature roses carved upon its guard were being covered in a pure white frost. The frost turned into thin tendrils, rapidly creeping up the blade, and dispersing the licking flames.
The phenomenon did not end there. The pure white ice tendrils stretched out onto even the knight's adjacent fist, showering frost to dispel the flames wrapped around the copper-colored armor...
"Nuhh..."
Perhaps due to the impossible chilly sensation, a groan escaped from the knight. Not missing the instant his opponent's posture faltered, regardless of how minor it was, Eugeo released the power he had stored up.
Gyaan! A ear-splitting noise swelled out, the sword swung down and repulsed the knight's left fist.
However, the sword tip did not touch the enemy's body, unfortunately. The knight aimed at Eugeo, fruitlessly slashing the sword straight down, and sent out his right fist without a moment's delay. It wasn't blazing, but suffering the rock-like impact of that strong fist would propel Eugeo away to the bottom of the staircase without any difficulty.
But.
"I... eeaaah!"
Alongside that tempestuous yell, Eugeo's sword swung up from a sharp angle.
Slashing back with the Blue Rose Sword, heavier than a lump of steel of equivalent size, through physical strength alone, was impossible regardless of how strong one was. There was only one reason why it was made possible: it was a secret move from a swordsmanship style. Aincrad-style two-hits skill, «Vertical Arc».
The blade that swiftly carved out a trail that resembled the sacred letter, 'V', sliced through the integrity knight's breastplate diagonally. A few deep crimson drops spattered from the gash sliced into the copper-colored armor. The sword tip caught the knight's flesh—but it was only shallow.
As the knight freed his upper body, he braced his legs and leapt backwards. He would be granted the room to fire those flaming attacks once again if the distance were widened here. However, there was a brief, compulsory period of rigidness after the usage of any secret move.
Kirito had told him to constantly think about how to eliminate that gigantic pause caused from using a secret move. Of course, it wasn't a problem if the slash hit, but there was the danger of suffering from a fatal counterattack in the case where it was warded off, dodged, or failed to stop the opponent's movements like this time.
The rigidness caused by secret moves was unpreventable and nothing could be done about it even if one was expecting it. He could come up with methods to eliminate that delay, like switching with an ally or releasing a pre-generated wind element to create distance through wind pressure. But Kirito was blown away to the hall and there wasn't enough time to recite an art ritual either. That brought the remaining methods to one.
Eugeo mustered all of his physical and mental strength to control the movement of the Blue Rose Sword while it was on the trajectory of Vertical Arc's second stroke. He held the blade, that originally should have slashed up leftwards, as though it was supported by his left shoulder. The blue light covering the blade suddenly vanished due to the excessive strength injected, but that didn't matter as the attack itself had already ended.
The Blue Rose Sword halted atop his shoulder just as the knight harshly kicked off the ground. The landing of the grand staircase was wide, and he probably had the plan of firing yet another blazing spear while Eugeo was petrified if he succeeded in retreating to the wall's edge. There would be no way for Eugeo to defend if he permitted that.
The final method to break through the enforced rigidness.
That was to link a new secret move to a secret move. By performing the activation stance of the next skill atop the ending stance of the previous skill, the period of rigidness could be erased. It was the secret move among secret moves that even his teacher, Kirito, could accomplish only half of the time, «connecting skills»—
"......!!"
Letting out a sharp breath of air, Eugeo hoped for the skill's activation with all his heart. Immediately after, the sword vividly shone once again. His body leapt forth as if he flicked there. The blade slashing down from the upper-left growled as it drew close to the integrity knight. One-hit secret move, «Slant».
At last, the knight's two eyes opened wide within that helmet.
Neither the pain that assailed his right eye, nor those spinning bright-red sacred letters made an appearance as they had when he tried to slash Raios and Humbert. There wasn't even any indecision or hesitation. The single notion of cutting an enemy deserving of it set Eugeo's entire body into motion.
The Blue Rose Sword fiercely swung down straight at the knight's right shoulder. Following the metallic noise from the spaulder splitting apart, the dull and heavy impact transmitted itself to Eugeo's right hand. The resistance he felt from the tightly grasped sword was unmistakably from slicing human muscle and crushing human bones.
Inflicted with a deep gash reaching from his shoulder through to his chest, the integrity knight was thrown onto his back, onto the ground.
"Goahh!"
The confined voice whispered out from beneath the helmet and immediately after, a massive amount of blood spurted out from the helmet's base, visibly redder than than the copper color of the armor.
This made it the second time he had cut a human, but Eugeo still felt his breath stop for a moment. A sort of squeezing sensation beset the pit of his stomach upon noticing the feedback that remained on his right hand, but he desperately forced it down.
As though in agreement with Eugeo's feelings, the Blue Rose Sword emitted yet another intense wave of cold air, turning all of the blood that clung to the blade to frost and after shaking that off, it returned to its usual state. The knight's right shoulder was frozen pure white when he looked, the dripping blood formed into a small icicle.
"Guh..."
The integrity knight let out a low groan as he raised his left hand that still held onto the bow, trying to move it towards the wound. Eugeo gathered power back into his right hand that held onto his sword upon seeing that. He would have to slash the fallen knight once more if the opponent began to recite sacred arts. As a high ranking user would be able to use all of the sacred energy in the surrounding air to restore Life, he would have to inflict a severe injury on his mouth, slice his arm off, or perhaps, there was no method to render him powerless aside from taking his life.
However, it seemed the knight gave up on healing upon noticing his left fist was utterly frozen and unable to let go of the bow that had already lost its flames. Subtle movements with the fingertips were necessary for elemental art rituals. Letting out a long sigh with what appeared to be a crooked smile, his arm fell onto the ground with a crack.
Eugeo was at a loss on what to do now. The chill produced by the Blue Rose Sword had driven away the enemy's flames, but it brought forth the effect of stopping his blood flow as well, by freezing the wounds. The knight wouldn't be able to fight any longer, but neither would he die. The frozen left hand would defrost eventually if left alone, and he might give chase after fully recovering through sacred arts.
The one who spoke first was the integrity knight, as Eugeo stood still while chewing on his teeth.
"...Youngsters..."
Eugeo straightened his posture at that voice, hoarse yet maintaining its dignity, but the narrative that followed was a little unexpected.
"What is the name of that secret move you first used...?"
"......"
He was puzzled for just a little, but Eugeo moved his dry lips and answered.
"...It's from the Aincrad style of swordsmanship, a two-hits skill, «Vertical Arc»."
"Two... hits skill."
Repeating his words, the knight stayed silent for a moment, but soon resumed his questions.
"You there... what was the skill you used...?"
The knight's helmet made a slight motion, so Eugeo shifted his view towards the back for a sheer instant. When he did so, he saw Kirito, burnt in various spots, slowly climbing the stairs while pressing down on his left arm and dragging his right leg along.
"Kirito... how are your injuries!?"
When he answered in a panic, his partner gave a weak laugh.
"It's fine, I prevented most of the severe burns. ...Mister Knight, what I used was the Aincrad-style defensive skill, «Spinning Shield»."
"......"
Upon hearing that, the knight peered up at the ceiling as his helmet creaked, then sunk back into silence.
The voice that flowed out several seconds later was hushed, as if he was addressing himself, rather than Eugeo and Kirito.
"...I have always planned to search through the Human World from end to end... and whatever lies beyond that... but it appears swords and skills unknown to me do still exist within this world... —Your skills are suffused with the might from the accumulation of earnest training. It was my mistake... to accuse both of you of leading Knight Eldrie into depravity through deplorable arts..."
The integrity knight moved his head once more, shifting his vision towards Eugeo from within the face guard.
"...Won't you... tell me your names?"
After exchanging a glance with Kirito, Eugeo curtly stated his name.
"...Swordsman Eugeo. No family name."
"I'm Swordsman Kirito."
After nodding as though he was deliberating over their names, the integrity knight let words emerge that were even more unexpected.
"...Several integrity knights are awaiting the both of you on the fiftieth floor of the cathedral, in the «Grand Cloister of Spiritual Light». Not to capture you alive, but to eliminate the Life of you both and to take your mortal lives... The next breath you take will likely be your last, the instant you choose to sortie with a frontal charge as you did earlier."
"Hey... hey, mister, you sure it's okay for you to say something like that?"
Kirito interjected in slight bewilderment. But the knight faintly revealed what resembled a smile again and muttered.
"As have I failed to accomplish Administrator-sama's command... My emblems of being a knight, this armor and sacred instrument, shall be confiscated and I will be penalized by being frozen for an indefinite period of time... —Please cleave my Life before I suffer such disgrace... with your own hands."
"......"
The knight added on, looking to the speechless Eugeo and Kirito.
"There is no need for hesitation... after all... your magnificent sword skills have already brought forth defeat..."
They heard his name next—one enough of a shock to stop Eugeo from breathing.
"Mine... Of this integrity knight, Deusolbert Synthesis Seven."
This wasn't to the degree of only mildly recalling it from somewhere.
That name was one deeply engraved upon Eugeo's soul, not fading away for even an instant, over these eight tangible years. It encompassed a profound regret and despair, along with anger accompanying them.
"Deusol... bert? That time... you were...?"
Eugeo heard the voice choked out from his own throat, a hoarse one that seemed to belong to someone else.
The color of his armor was different and all the voices of the integrity knights took on a similar metallic echo with their helmet on, so he hadn't actually noticed up until now, but still, in that case, the knight who lay collapsed before his eyes right now was the one who had once stood before Eugeo's eyes and—
Some sort of impact pushed Eugeo from behind and he took several unsteady steps forward.
"Eugeo...?"
Kirito's questioning voice barely made it to his ears. His upper body stooped over, he peered at the face within the helmet close up.
Perhaps some sort of art ritual had been applied to the helmet, as the knight's face was actually shrouded in darkness even after the gap was shortened to several tens of cen. However, he could clearly perceive those two eyes that retained their strength even after that huge quantity of Life was sheared off. They seemed both young and weathered, with sharp corners.
Moving his parched lips, Eugeo whispered in a grating tone.
"You said to cleave... your Life...? It was a magnificent duel, you said...?"
His right hand convulsed uncontrollably while the Blue Rose Sword still in his hand began to radiate an intense chill once again. A white frost immediately wrapped around the integrity knight's armor, right before the sword's point.
Eugeo set loose the feverish mass that suddenly swelled out from the depths of his stomach, threatening to even tear his throat apart, in a single breath.
"Binding! Binding up a girl of merely eleven in chains... and hanging her off a flying dragon as you took her away... someone like you has absolutely no right to use such wordssss——!!"
Eugeo raised the Blue Rose Sword up high in a reverse grip.
He wanted to thrust through the mouth belonging to the knight that spewed those utterly unforgivable words all the way into the ground, dissipating what was left of his Life at the same time.
However, a severe and throbbing pain hindered his right hand from moving. It was not his right eye that hurt, but somewhere deep within his chest. It was a sort of pain that felt as though someone was frantically trying to pull Eugeo back.
With the sword still held aloft, Eugeo, his body trembling strongly, had his right arm—
Gently held back by Kirito's left hand, reaching out from beside him.
"......Why, did you stop me, Kirito..."
Swaying in the maelstrom of his emotions, on the verge of losing all sense of reason, Eugeo questioned his partner, the person he trusted over any and everyone else in the world.
Kirito stared hard at Eugeo with eyes tinged with a pain he had personally endured, slowly shaking his head left and right.
"That mister has already lost his spirit to fight. You mustn't turn your sword onto an opponent like that..."
"But... but this person... this person was the one who took Alice away... this person..."
Offering rebuttals like a spoiled child, a part of Eugeo's mind had already understood what Kirito was trying to say.
The integrity knights, too, were primarily nothing more than existences mobilized by orders from the Axiom Church—orders from the highest minister. The one who abducted Alice was the church itself, a result of this world's distorted law and order.
But on the other hand, the urge to abandon the righteous standpoint and mince the collapsed knight into remnants did not disappear. The feelings of rage, powerlessness, and guilt that had piled up since that summer day were not of a degree capable of vanishing simply by finding out about the contrivances behind the world after all this time.
Toppled wicker basket at his feet. Bread and cheese defiled by sand. Ice melted by sunlight.
Chains with a dull gleam constricting Alice's blue one-piece dress. And his two feet, immobile as though roots grew from them.
...Kirito—Kirito.
You would probably have tried to hack away at the integrity knight and help Alice back then. You would have done it even knowing that you would be arrested and sent for a trial.
But I couldn't. Despite how Alice was my only friend, a girl more important than anyone else, I couldn't do anything but watch. Watch as this knight, now collapsed here before my eyes, bound Alice and took her away.
A storm of emotions, filled with such fragmentary thoughts, swept through the entirety of his mind. The right arm restrained by Kirito trembled, the sword was brandished ever higher.
However, the words Kirito spoke while focusing strength into his left hand surprised Eugeo enough to make him freeze for a moment
"...I'm sure this mister doesn't remember it. The time he took your Alice away from Rulid Village... Not that he forgot it, but that his memory was erased."
"Eh...?"
Eugeo looked downwards at the helmet of the collapsed knight in astonishment.
The integrity knight hadn't stirred the slightest bit, even with the Blue Rose Sword pointed at him, now moved for the first time upon receiving stares from the pair. Forcibly opening his left fist, where the frost had finally thawed, he let go off the long bow while scattering ice fragments, and released the latch at the side of the helmet with his fingertips.
The helmet, constructed to appear menacing, opened as though to split apart, front and back, and now peeled off the knight's head, falling with a thud. What appeared was the face of a male who was the very image of perseverance, around the age of forty.
His hair, cut short, and thick eyebrows were an ashen-red similar to rusted iron. His high nose bridge and pursed lips were straight like a cut from a knife while the sharpness of his eyes brought to mind the steel of arrowheads.
However, his deep gray eyes alone revealed the unrest within his heart, slightly wavering. The thin lips moved and the voice that streamed out was completely different from how it had been until now, a low tone with depth.
"...It is... as that black-haired youngster has mentioned. You say I captured a young girl and took her away on a flying dragon? I have no recollection of carrying out such a deed."
"No... no recollection...? It was only eight years ago..."
Muttering in a daze, strength leeched from Eugeo's right arm without his notice. Touching his chin as though sunk in thought with the left hand that he now detached from Eugeo, Kirito spoke once more.
"Like I said, they were erased... your memories of the whole deed, from beginning to end. Mister... no, Knight Deusolbert, you were the integrity knight who protected the remote northern region, north of Norlangarth, am I correct?"
"...Indeed. The Northern Norlangarth Seventh Remote Region was... the region I oversaw. Yes... that was, until eight years ago..."
The knight's eyebrows strongly rose together, as if they were trying to dredge something up from the deepest depths of his memories.
"And I... was bestowed with this armor along with the duty of guarding the Central Cathedral... due to a great achievement..."
"Do you recall what that achievement was?"
The knight could not give an immediate answer to Kirito's question. His lips pressed tightly together, his sight wandering about. What broke the short silence were words from Kirito once again.
"I'll answer that for you. Your achievement was searching out Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty. At a small village at the end of the northern region, somewhere no one knew about from the central capital. Even though the highest minister, Administrator, credited the achievement of bringing Alice to this tower to you, she also had to erase all memories regarding this incident from you... The reason for that was mentioned by you yourself earlier."
Without anyone noticing, Kirito continued talking, in a quick tone that was quicker than both Eugeo and the integrity knight, as though he was speaking to himself.
"Integrity knights have no history, they were summoned from the Celestial World, after all; that's what you said. That must have definitely been what the highest minister taught you immediately after you woke up as a knight. That's why you have no memories from before you became an integrity knight; that's how she persuaded you. But to persist with that story, it would be a problem not only if integrity knights had memories from their human lives remaining, but also if they had memories concerning the birth of a new knight aside from themselves. It would be chaos if a major criminal that you brought in yourself suddenly appeared as a fellow knight the next day, after all... there lies the highest minister's weakness..."
Thinking through various facets at a monstrous speed, Kirito began pacing left and right while looking downwards.
With all of his will draining from him while he looked at his partner's state, Eugeo took a long breath while taking another look at the male lying at his feet. When he did, Integrity Knight Deusolbert, too, appeared to be sunk in his thoughts with a blank expression.
It wasn't like his rage and hatred had vanished, but if his memories regarding Alice had truly been erased without a trace, then he had no choice but to accept it—perhaps.
That all the knights were nothing more than pawns manipulated by that one who served as the highest minister of the Axiom Church, Administrator. That the hateful enemy who stole Alice from him, stole her memories from her, and nurtured her into an integrity knight was all a single person, Administrator.
Perhaps noticing Eugeo's gaze looking down upon himself, Deusolbert's eyes ceased wandering. The emotions likely swirling within his chest were unreadable, but the voice that flowed from his lips was in a complete stammer, a voice that made one want to question whether he truly was the same person as that formidable opponent who had stood before the pair, sheer minutes ago.
"That shouldn't... be possible... How could we integrity knights be denizens of the Human World like the rest of you before we were appointed as knights......?"
"......"
Substituting Eugeo who was at a loss for words, Kirito answered again.
"The blood that flows from that wound of yours is red, just like ours, isn't it? And Knight Eldrie becoming strange that time wasn't because of some dodgy art cast on him either. It was because we tried to call back the memories stolen from him. ...You ought to be the same as Eldrie also. I don't know whether you achieved victory at the Four Empire Unity Tournament or held disdain for the Taboo Index, but you had your important memories stolen by Administrator with the loyalty towards the church planted in their place and was turned into an integrity knight. You mentioned that you would be penalized by getting frozen, but Administrator-sama would probably be altering your memories during that time and erasing your memories of this conversation too. I'd even bet on it."
The way Kirito expressed it was blunt, but his voice was mingled with melancholy.
Perhaps the knight felt that as well, as he shut his eyelids and kept silent for a while, but he slowly then shook his head once more.
"I am unable to believe it. How could Her Eminence, the highest minister... cast such an art upon......"
"But that's reality. There ought to be something left within you as well. An important memory from before you became a knight, one that cannot be expunged by any art ritual..."
When Kirito approached it from that angle, Deusolbert suddenly raised his left hand up and stared at his burly fingers as he softly murmured in a sigh.
"Ever since I have descended into the Human World... I have always seen this same dream, time after time... A petite hand shaking me awake... and a silver ring worn on one of those fingers... Yet when I awake... there is never anyone..."
Deusolbert's eyebrows squeezed together and he firmly pressed his left hand down upon his forehead. Kirito stared fixedly at that scene, but soon muttered softly.
"You probably can't remember any more than that. Your memories of the one whose hand and ring that belonged to was stolen by Administrator..."
Keeping silent for a moment, he returned the lowered black sword in his right hand back into its sheath attached to the left of his waist with a clink.
"...You decide what to do from now on. Whether to return to Administrator's side to receive your punishment, or to heal your injuries and chase after us... or maybe..."
Cutting short there, Kirito took several steps towards the staircase that stretched upwards from the right side of the landing. Coming to a halt there, he twisted over his shoulder and looked Eugeo in the eye.
—Wasn't that enough?
His black eyes spoke thusly. Eugeo turned his gaze towards the integrity knight, collapsed on the ground with his eyes shut, once again. He slowly raised the Blue Rose Sword in his right hand—and aligned its tip with the sheath on the left of his waist, gently dropping it in.
"...Let's go."
Taking his place beside Kirito, he curtly spoke and they began walking towards the ascending stairs together.
It was unknown which decision Integrity Knight Deusolbert Synthesis Seven would pick, but at the very least, it seemed it wouldn't be the one to chase after the pair.
Part 2[edit]
The sound of the pair's soles striding up the marble stairs reverberated alone for a brief period of time.
Without that, their surroundings would be engulfed in a silence, piercing enough to hurt one's ears. There should be a great number of ascetics and their apprentices living in the giant tower of the Axiom Church, according to the extent of Eugeo's knowledge, but he could sense nothing close to any human presence, no matter how hard he strained his ears or focused his eyes.
Additionally, the sight that greeted him at each new floor he climbed up—a rectangular hall with corridors stretching left and right, doors lined up in identical intervals along them—was practically indistinguishable, giving him the impression that an illusory art had been placed on them unseen, making them ascend and descend the same staircase over and over again.
He wanted to try entering one of the corridors and opening a nearby door to ascertain that was not the case, but Kirito silently kept up his constant pace in front, so he told himself not to get distracted. If Deusolbert's words proved true, even stronger enemies would be awaiting them on the fiftieth floor of the cathedral, somewhere a little higher on this staircase.
Gently touching the grip of his beloved sword swaying at the left of his waist, at the moment Eugeo tried to shake away his idle thoughts, Kirito's feet came to an abrupt stop immediately before reaching the landing.
Turning around with a serious expression, he spoke with a tense tone, going,
"Hey, Eugeo. ......Which floor are we on now...?"
"Hey... hey now."
After an instinctive, slight stumble, Eugeo breathed a sigh, shook his head, and dropped his shoulders, all at the same time.
"It's the twenty-ninth floor next. I thought it might be the case, but to think you really weren't counting."
"Don't you think it would only be proper to have floor indicators on the staircase, normally?"
"That might be true, but you still should have noticed it after all this time!"
Tuning out Eugeo's gesture as though it didn't concern him, Kirito leaned his back onto the landing's wall with a thump.
"Nonetheless, we're still that far, huh... I thought we had gone pretty high up too... I'm getting hungry..."
"...Well, you aren't alone on that one."
Close to five hours had already passed since they were treated to that luxurious breakfast in Cardinal's Great Library Room. Solus was approaching the center of the sky from what could be seen through the long and thin window, and with how they had climbed twenty-five floors, which would be a thousand steps, in addition to going through a single, intense battle, it was certainly unavoidable that their bodies were demanding replenishments.
Nodding at Kirito's words, Eugeo followed up by holding his right hand out without reserve.
"So, hand over one of those in your trouser pockets."
"Eh... no, these are, well, for emergency use, so... —Your eyes are unexpectedly sharp, huh."
"There's no way I wouldn't have noticed with how stuffed those are, right?"
Kirito thrust his hand into his right pocket with what seemed like resignation on his face, before taking two steaming manjuu out and tossing one of them over. Upon catching it, there was a savory aroma that provoked his stomach despite the sizable time that had passed since they had left the library room.
"It got burnt a little with that old man's blazing attack."
"Ha-Hah... so that's why. Thanks for the food."
The manjuu was created by Cardinal via a high ranking sacred art, so that meant it had originally been pages from a precious, old book, but Eugeo closed his eyes to that fact and bit into it. He momentarily savored the crunchy grill marks on its skin and the juicy minced meat filling in a trance.
The modest lunch was finished in a few tens of seconds; Eugeo licked his fingers and breathed a short sigh. There was still a suspicious lump in Kirito's left pocket, but he decided to leave that alone while calling out to his partner who had also finished eating.
"That was good. —So, what's the plan from now on? We'll reach the fiftieth floor in question if we climb for another thirty minutes, but... are we going to charge in from the front?"
"Nn..."
Kirito mussed up his hair as he groaned.
"That's right... —We found out just how scary an integrity knight can be earlier, but judging from what I saw in the battle between you and that old man, rather than those guys not being used to consecutive skills, they really don't have any experience with them, I guess. I want to believe that we have a chance of winning if we bring it into a one-on-one melee. But with several of them there, not to mention how they're fully prepared and awaiting us, that would be hard to set up."
"Then... let's give up on going in from the front and search for another route?"
"I wonder about that. Even Cardinal declared that this grand staircase was the only route and even if we found a secret passage, there's still the danger of getting caught in a pincer attack before long... I hope to defeat the knights on the fiftieth floor without running away elsewhere, somehow. So that would bring us to having to use our trump card, but we have the time to prepare that draggy, long art ritual, thanks to the warning that old man gave us."
"I see... The «armament full control art»..."
When Eugeo muttered it, Kirito nodded with a complex expression.
"I'm worried about using it in an actual fight without practice, but wasting our swords' Life on a trial shot at a place like this would just be... We'll use the full control art together, before we dash onto the fiftieth floor and try to render as many knights powerless as possible..."
"Aah, there's something I have to say about that, Kirito."
With just a little awkwardness, Eugeo cut into Kirito's words.
"That is... It doesn't feel like my full control art will be a high impact direct attack like the integrity knight's skill earlier."
"Eh... r-really?"
"You see, the one who wrote the art ritual for me was Cardinal... I was the one who thought up the type of skill, but still..."
Kirito tilted his head as he spoke to Eugeo, his murmurs full of excuses.
"Well, try reciting the art ritual for now. Without the opening line."
"Y-Yeah."
He rapidly chanted the art ritual as he was told to, with the «system call» omitted. Kirito, who listened with his eyes shut, went against expectations and smirked after Eugeo reached the final line, "Enhance armament".
"So that's it. True, it can't quite be called offensive, but it's useful enough, depending on how it's used. And it doesn't seem to go too badly with my full control art."
"Oh? What's your skill, Kirito?"
"That's something for you to look forward to."
Eugeo lightly scowled at Kirito, tossing out that glib line. However, his partner combed his forelocks upwards with a composed face, leaning his back against the wall once more.
"Well, I can't call it a real strategy, but let's go with it. First, we chant the armament full control art just before we charge onto the fiftieth floor, leaving it in standby before activation. Then upon dashing in and confirming their positions, you first hit them with your skill, then I will with mine. If everything goes well and the enemies are gathered in the same place, we might even render all of them helpless."
"Might, huh."
He agreed doubtfully, but to be honest, Eugeo didn't have a plan of his own. He couldn't help but admit his partner had a better aptitude for creating a plan with all factors accounted for and he was frankly thankful for being able to chant the art ritual before the battle, with his lackluster confidence in reciting it quickly.
"...Then, let's go with that. First, I will..."
As he spoke, Eugeo casually turned his vision towards the left, at the stairs continuing to the cathedral's twenty-ninth floor.
And he opened his eyes wide in amazement.
Two petite heads were peeping out from the shadows surrounding the railings, their four eyes staring intensely in their direction.
The instant their eyes met with Eugeo's, the two heads tucked in with a flash. But as he continued to gaze on, speechlessly, the heads appeared once again, their still-innocent pair of eyes blinking steadily.
Realizing something had happened, Kirito followed Eugeo's sight and after also leaving his mouth agape, he hesitantly asked.
"Who are... you two?"
With that, the two heads met each other, nodded in sync, and nervously revealed themselves entirely.
"Ki... kids...?"
Eugeo muttered, unthinkingly.
The ones who stood on the floor above were two girls clad in exactly the same ink-black clothes.
Their ages appeared around ten. He felt a tinge of nostalgia, for the plain black clothes were greatly similar to the religious habit belonging to Selka, Alice's little sister, who studied at the church in Rulid.
However, unlike Selka, the girls wore short-swords with an overall length of around thirty cen on their green belts. A moment of wariness welled up, but he immediately noticed not only their blade, but their grips as well, were made from a reddish wood. The hue was unusual, but it was likely similar to the wooden swords granted to children aiming to become swordsmen.
The girl on the right had her pale light brown hair in two braids. Her droopy-looking eyebrows along with the corners of her eye gave an impression of meekness. Contrasting with that, the girl on the left had her straw colored hair cropped short, her two eyes accented upwards in resolve.
As Eugeo and Kirito stared on in silence, the one who took a step forward was the spirited, strong-minded girl on the left as expected. Taking in a deep breath of air, she suddenly began her self-introduction.
"Erm... I'm-I'm Fizel[6], a sister apprentice of the Axiom Church. And this girl here is also a sister apprentice..."
"Li... Linel."
The pair's childish voices ended on a quavering note, perhaps due to their uneasiness. Eugeo showed a smile meant to reassure them and immediately realized he might be seen as hostile, considering they were sisters of the church, even if they were still apprentices.
However, the words spoken by the girl who called herself Fizel were more straight to the point than Eugeo would have expected.
"So... are the intruders from the Dark Territory supposed to be the two of you?"
"Hah...?"
Kirito's and his face instinctively met. His partner, too, was unable to come to a decision on how to handle this situation. His lips flapped endlessly with his eyebrows knitted, and then he swiftly moved and slunk behind Eugeo's back.
"I'm bad with kids. I'll leave this to you."
Told that from behind, he wished to whisper "That's unfair!" back, but hiding behind Kirito wasn't quite possible now. Looking at the two girls on the floor above, he gave a stifled reply.
"Er... erm, well... we ought to be humans from the Human World, but... the part about us being intruders is, well, not exactly wrong, I guess..."
This time, the children huddled their foreheads together upon hearing that and began to exchange words in hushed voices. They were soft, but still audible due to how the surroundings were far too silent.
"What's with that, they just look completely like humans on the outside, Nel. They don't have any horns or tails."
The one who said that, unsatisfied, was Fizel, the girl who seemed strong-minded. The girl named Linel argued back falteringly.
"I-I only said what was written in the books. You're the one at fault for thinking they would really have them, Zel."
"Hmm, still, they might just be hiding them. Maybe we can tell if we get closer?"
"Eeh, but they just look like normal humans. But... maybe it's possible that they have fangs..."
The charming conversation reminded Eugeo of the twin daughters of the Wolde farm where he had once freeloaded, and his lips truly went slack this time round.
If Kirito and himself were kids of that age and found out there were intruders from the land of darkness nearby, there was a high possibility they would have gone and sneaked a peep like this. As a result, they would probably have received a harsh scolding from their fathers and the village chief.
Eugeo instantly became worried, having thought of that. Wouldn't the two girls be punished later for coming into contact with rebels against the church? He figured he wasn't in any situation to hold that concern, but still felt that he had to speak.
"Hey... won't they get mad at the two of you for talking to us?"
Upon hearing that, Fizel and Linel promptly closed their mouths and then after, put on smug smiles. Fizel answered, looking just a little jubilant. The politeness in her speech went missing unnoticed.
"All of the brothers and sisters and their apprentices were ordered to lock the door to their own rooms and not leave since this morning. So that means that even if we went to take a look at the intruders, there's no worry of anyone finding out."
"Ha-Hah..."
Somehow, it seemed exactly like a reasoning Kirito would come up with. He could even practically picture that in his mind, how they would get found out in the end and be scolded.
The two girls went into some discussion once again, but Linel was the one who spoke out this time.
"Ermm... are you two of you really not monsters from the Dark Territory?"
"Y-Yeah."
"Then, I'm sorry, but could you allow us to take a closer look at the two of you...? At, erm, your foreheads and teeth."
"Eeh?"
Losing his calm at the unforeseen request, Eugeo glanced behind, but not only did Kirito not send any aid his way, he even feigned ignorance with his head looking elsewhere. Eugeo reluctantly nodded to the girls.
"...Well, if that's all, I don't have a problem with it..."
Being unable to refuse in this situation was partly due to his nature, but there was also his desire to prove that he was a regular human despite being a rebel going against the church and depending on the circumstances, it might even be possible to gain information on the cathedral's interior from the pair.


Fizel's and Linel's faces sparkled and they trotted down the stairs, their gait entwined with curiosity and caution. Their feet stopped upon reaching the landing, their blue and grey eyes pointedly fixed on him.
Eugeo leaned over, combing up the hair on his forehead with his left hand as he bared his teeth for them to see. The children stared at Eugeo for close to ten seconds without blinking a single time, before they finally nodded, apparently satisfied.
"He's human."
"He is, isn't he?"
Such a pronounced disappointment appeared on the pair's faces that he couldn't help but to break into a wry smile. Looking at Eugeo doing that, Linel inclined her head to the side.
"But if the two of you aren't monsters from the Dark Territory, why would the Central Cathedral believe that the two of you are intruders?"
"E-Erm..."
Even while thinking it would be a turn for the worst one way or another, he figured there wasn't any need to hide after all that had already come to pass and answered honestly.
"...A long time ago, a female friend of mine was taken away by an integrity knight. So, I came here to take her back."
This, in particular, must have been hard for an ascetic apprentice, who would normally believe firmly in the Axiom Church's sense of justice, to accept. He expected expressions of disgust and dismay to show up on those young faces, but contrary to that, the girls simply nodded curtly. The girl with straw-colored hair, Fizel, spoke with a slightly disgruntled face.
"So that's it. That was a pretty normal reason."
"N-Normal?"
"There were a few cases of people arranging protests against the church when their family or lovers were taken away, recorded in the past. The two of you are probably the first to actually get in here like this, though."
Following on, Linel picked up the flow from the side.
"Not to mention how they said you cut the spirit-iron chains and escaped once you were imprisoned, and that part about managing to defeat two integrity knights too, which made us wait here, thinking there were definitely monsters of darkness... maybe even a genuine darkness knight launching an attack. But to think you were just normal humans..."
The kids exchanged looks and went, "Is this enough?" and "It is, right?", as they lightly nodded to each other.
Linel, who looked at Eugeo once more, tilted her small head as her pigtails swayed.
"Then, last of all, could you tell us your names?"
There’s more that I wanted to ask, though, thought Eugeo as he replied.
"I'm Eugeo. The one behind me is Kirito."
"Hmph... you don't have a family name?"
"Ah, yeah. I'm a child of the pioneers, you see. ...Could it be the same for the two of you too?"
"No, we have one."
Cutting off there, Linel grinned widely. A bright, cherubic one—a smile like her cheeks were stuffed with delicious sweets.
"My name is Linel Synthesis Twenty-eight."
Eugeo couldn't immediately deduce the meaning that name possessed.
At once, a cool chill could be felt at his abdomen and Eugeo turned his vision downwards.
Eugeo wasn't sure when it had been drawn from the belt, but the short-sword gripped in Linel's right hand had its tip sunk about five cen into his body.
It appeared to be only a wooden sword when worn in her belt, but it seemed what he truly thought was the blade, was actually a wooden scabbard. The real blade drawn out from there was not wooden. It was a murky-green, unfamiliar metal. Its surface caught the sunlight shining in from the window and gleamed as though it was wet.
"Eu...!"
Was that short utterance Kirito's voice? Turning his rigid neck behind him, he saw his partner frozen, with his right foot a step forward. Fizel, who was beside Linel only a moment before, was now standing diagonally behind Kirito, with that same green sword thrust into that black coat. The shape of her mouth that made up that smile was the same spirited one as earlier, just as jubilant.
"—And, I'm Fizel Synthesis Twenty-nine."
The short-swords were drawn out from Eugeo's and Kirito's bodies at the same time. Fizel and Linel gave the swords a flick faster than the eye could perceive and shook off the red blood cleanly, then neatly stored them in their respective scabbards.
The chill creeping in from the injury in his abdomen spread throughout his body in an instant. The places that freezing coldness assailed went numb one after another.
"You... two... integri... ty..."
Right after he had somehow forced out those words, his tongue went numb and he was completely petrified.
His knees gave way without warning and Eugeo dropped to the floor like a sack. His chest and left cheek crashed heavily onto the marble, but pain, as well as his entire sense of touch, was absent.
Immediately after, Kirito tumbled over with a thud.
Poison—
Eugeo realized, though it was already too late, and tried to think of a countermeasure.
He had generally studied about forms of poison in nature and and their antidotes from the Sword Mastery Academy lectures. However, all of those were only measures for cases when one was affected by poison from plants, snakes, or insects, not in preparation for getting attacked by venom in the midst of battle like this.
That was only natural. Battles were competitions of valor and grace where the academy, no, the Human World was concerned, so an act like adding venom to weapons would have been strictly prohibited. He heard that even the young noble, who had released a venomous insect and tried to hinder Eugeo and Kirito from taking part in the Zakkaria Swordsmanship Tournament, didn't go so far as to coat his sword with poison in the match with Kirito.
As such, the knowledge Eugeo possessed was on the level of knowing what type of herb to apply when stung by some specific venomous insect. Even if he were to discover what variant of venom the girls used, there was no vegetation around, let alone medicinal plants. The final method was to try curing himself via sacred arts, but the usage of art rituals was impossible with his hands and mouth paralyzed.
In other words, if this venom did not merely rob his body of its freedom, but was one that constantly reduced his Life as well, both of their lives would be extinguished before they got halfway up the Central Cathedral.
"You don't have to be so scared, Eugeo-san."
Integrity Knight Linel Synthesis Twenty-eight's voice suddenly trickled down from overhead. Perhaps due to the venom's influence, he heard the sweet voice somewhat distorted, as though he was underwater.
"It's just a paralyzing venom. In the first place, the only difference is whether you die here or on the fiftieth floor."
The click-clacking of her footsteps sounded and a small, light-brown shoe jumped into Eugeo's vision as he remained immobile with his left cheek stuck to the ground. Linel lifted her right foot, and then unreservedly placed its end atop Eugeo's head, moving it here and there as though she was searching for something.
"...Hmm, so there really weren't any horns."
Moving her foot onto his back, she endlessly trampled over both of its sides.
"No wings either, huh. Zel, what about your side?"
"This one's just a human too!"
Likely having examined Kirito the same way outside of his sight, Fizel responded unhappily.
"Ah-ah, and I was hoping to finally see a monster from the Dark Territory too."
"Well, it's alright. If we drag these two to the fiftieth floor and cut their heads off in front of those lame people waiting there, we should be able to get sacred instruments and flying dragons too. Then we can fly over to the Dark Territory and look at the real ones all we want."
"Yep. Right, Nel, let's see who's the first one to get a darkness knight's head!"
Even after all of that, Fizel's and Linel's voices were the very likeness of innocence and Eugeo thought that to be the most unnerving part of it all. How could children like these little girls become integrity knights—no, before that, why were these children in the cathedral?
Eugeo could not see when Linel, who was in front of him, drew her sword. Fizel's agility, having easily defeated Kirito who was a distance away, was even more horrifying.
However, combat skill was not something that would improve without long years of practice and the experience of actual life-and-death battles. The reason why Eugeo could freely handle the Blue Rose Sword, a sacred instrument, would have been due to his experience in patiently swinging an axe at the Gigas Cedar, but Kirito said driving away the goblin group at the northern cave also played a major part.
But no matter how he looked at them, Fizel and Linel were around ten years old and they seemed to have never actually experienced a fight against the Dark Territory monsters too, according to their words.
In that case, through what means did they master their physical movements and sword handling, which were faster than the eye could follow?
However, Eugeo did not let out a single sound about the swirling doubts within his heart.
It seemed the venom had circulated through his entire body, with the sensation of the floor's coldness or the presence of his own body disappearing before he knew it. Linel's small hand grabbed Eugeo's right ankle and he noticed he was being dragged along as his vision reeled around.
Desperately shifting his eyeballs that could hardly move that much towards the left, he spotted Kirito being dragged along like baggage as well. The paralysis likely reached his face the same as Eugeo, as his partner's expression was blank.
The two young integrity knights dragged Eugeo and Kirito along, the Blue Rose Sword and black sword still within their belts, and began going up the stairs without a care. Their heads were violently lifted and dropped each and every step climbed, but as expected, there was no sense of pain.
He had to find a plan to escape this crisis, but perhaps because the paralyzing venom had assailed even his spirit, Eugeo could sense nothing but a parched emptiness enveloping himself.
He had resolved himself to fight the Axiom Church, but even he didn't think they would have carried out such dreadful manipulation on such children of tender years, molding them into integrity knights. And the humans living in this Human World believed that it was the symbol of absolute goodness and harmony. And had for hundreds of years.
"You think it's weird, don't you?"
Linel's voice suddenly reached his ears, faint laughter accompanying it.
"'Why did children like these became integrity knights?', right? You're going to get killed soon enough, so I'll tell you."
"Nel, isn't there no point in saying that if we're killing them? You're eccentric as always."
"Don't you think going all the way up to the fiftieth floor is boring?—Eugeo-san, we were born and raised here, in this cathedral. We were made by the brothers and sisters in the tower under orders from Administrator-sama, you know. For her «resurrection» sacred art experiments that can recover Life that had been completely lost."
The words coming out from her mouth were unbelievably horrifying, but Linel's voice remained cheerful until the very end.
"It seems children outside receive their sacred task when they're ten, but we were given them at five. Our job was to murder each other. We were given a sword like a toy, far smaller than even this venomous sword, and made to pair up and stab each other."
"You sucked at stabbing, didn't you, Nel. I couldn't stand how much it hurt each time."
Linel responded, unsatisfied, at Fizel's voice that seemed to have joined in.
"That was because of your weird movements, Zel. —I think you two would know after defeating two integrity knights, but humans don't die so easily, do they, Eugeo-san, Kirito-san? It's the same even for kids at merely five years old. Even as we panicked with the need to kill each other quickly, we blindly slashed and stabbed until finally reducing each other's Lives to zero, but Administrator-sama would just resurrect us with sacred arts..."
"And resurrection totally didn't work out at the start too, right? The kids who died normally were still lucky; there were some that exploded into pieces or some that turned into weird lumps of meat or some that became different people when revived, weren't there?"
"Even if it was supposed to be our sacred task, we didn't want to be pointlessly hurt and revived either. We tried out various ways and noticed that getting killed in one hit as cleanly as possible hurt the least and had high chances of resurrection. But that single hit's the hard part, you know. It had to be really fast and smooth, either a stab to the heart or slashing off the head."
"And we succeeded in that at around seven, I think? We practiced all the time while the other kids were sleeping, after all."
There was utterly no sign of his senses returning, but shivers still assailed Eugeo, like goose bumps rising over his entire body.
The reason why Fizel and Linel acquired their frightening physical techniques.
It was from killing each other without cease over many years, or so the girls were saying. Day after day, they swung their swords thinking about how best to sever their friends' lives.
Certainly, with the accumulation of such experience, it might be possible to master the skills required to be conferred the position of an integrity knight even as a child. But on the other hand, these two have definitely lost something essential.
Linel continued in the same cheerful voice even as she incessantly ascended the grand staircase.
"It was around the time we became eight years old that Administrator-sama gave up on the resurrection art experiments. It looked like perfect resurrection was impossible in the end. Did you know? When your Life becomes zero, loads of white arrows of light rain down and, how do I say this, the insides of your head get sliced away bit by bit. The kids who had their important parts shaved away don't come back the same even if their Life was restored. There were countless times when I lost the last few days of memories after getting revived. —As a result, the thirty of us at the start became just Zel and me at the end of the experiments."
"That big-headed elder told us who had survived to choose our next sacred task, so we said that we wanted to become integrity knights. He got mad when we said that, saying that the integrity knights were guardians of order summoned from the Celestial World by Administrator-sama; that they weren't something children like us could become. And then it ended up as a match against the novice integrity knights at that time. ...What were those guys' names?"
"Erm... Something-something Synthesis Twenty-eight and Twenty-nine."
"Look here, Nel, I'm asking for that something-something part. Oh well, that face the elder had when we cut those arrogant brothers' heads off in one slash was strange, huh?"
Stopping her words there, the girls merrily laughed for a while.
"...And, upon finding out the result, Administrator-sama made us integrity knights as a special case. Replacing the two who died. But she said we lacked the knowledge to take up defense duty like the other knights, so we had to be taught about the law and sacred arts for another two years as sister apprentices... honestly, it's just annoying."
"When we were discussing how we could get flying dragons and sacred instruments quicker, the warning that underlings of the Dark Territory had invaded the cathedral came in, you see. Both Nel and I went, 'This is it!'. We thought that if we caught the intruders and executed them faster than the other knights, Administrator-sama might make us into official knights, so we waited at the stairs."
"I'm sorry about using poison. But we really wanted to bring Eugeo-san and Kirito-san to the fiftieth floor if possible... Ah, please don't worry. We're super good at killing, so it won't hurt."
It seemed the two girls couldn't wait for the moment they cut Eugeo's and Kirito's necks in front of the defense line of integrity knights on the fiftieth floor much longer. Their lively strides became increasingly light, climbing the stairs astonishingly fast despite dragging their prey along.
Although he had to think up of an escape plan somehow, Eugeo could do naught but listen to what the pair talked about in a daze. Even if his mouth wasn't paralyzed, he believed it was utterly impossible to make these children change their minds through words. The two of them probably don't even possess the concept of good and evil. All the girls obeyed was the orders from the one who «manufactured» them, the highest minister, Administrator—
After they turned for the umpteenth time, the ceiling reflected in Eugeo's opened eyes changed from the underside of the next floor's staircase to a level surface. The staircase likely didn't continue because they had finally reached the fiftieth floor that divided the cathedral into two.
Fizel and Linel’s steps came to a halt and they exchanged brief words, "Let's go" and "Yeah", with each other.
There were several minutes until that green sword severed his neck—no, there were probably only seconds. His body showed no sign of his senses returning at all and his fingertips wouldn't move the slightest despite how much he wished it.
The ceiling here was much higher than it had been so far. It was probably twenty mel high at least. The marble canopy far above, colorfully depicted a likeness of the three goddesses of the world's creation and their devotees, arched overhead. The columns that supported the canopy, too, were adorned with countless sculptures, Solus's light lavishly cascaded down onto them through the windows installed to the left and right. It was a somber scene, one fitting of its name, «Grand Cloister of Spiritual Light».
The two girls dragged Eugeo and Kirito along another five mel and their feet stopped there. His body spun half a circle with the force of his right foot thrown out and Eugeo could finally see through the entire grand cloister.
It was dreadfully wide. Likely using up all of this entire cathedral floor, the flooring made from stones of different hues appeared hazy at the corners in the white light. A deep-crimson carpet spread straight towards the wall furthest from the entrance, a grand door that practically seemed built for giants towered at the end. There was no mistake that the stairs continuing to the next floor were beyond that door.
And— Far in front of the door, in the center of the hall, several motionless knights clad in full body armor, exuding an air of intimidation that would let no-one pass as they stood tall, could be seen. Four were lined up at regular distances. One was a little in front.
Every one of the four standing behind were uniformly equipped in armor, gleaming silver, wearing helmets engraved with a cross. The same shape as Eldrie's. Their weapons, too, were the same large straight swords thrust onto the floor, with both hands placed firmly on the pommels.
The one in front had armor with a significantly different design from the four behind. It was completely suffused with a refined orchid radiance and was noticeably more sophisticated as well, while a slender sword that seemed specialized for thrusting skills hung at the waist. What that knight wore could be considered light armor, but the other four were no comparison for the density of resolve that emanated from there. Eugeo couldn't see what lay inside that helmet modeled after the wings of birds of prey, but he believed there was no possibility that the knight was inferior to Deusolbert.
These were the five integrity knights that formed an insurmountable barrier to their aim of the highest floor.
But the ones who were a bigger threat to the lives of Eugeo and Kirito at the present moment were the two children standing right before their eyes.
Triumphantly bending their backs, covered in their plain ascetic clothes, Linel and Fizel confronted the five knights.
"—My, if it isn't Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio Synthesis Two-dono here."
Linel first announced in a cheerful voice.
"It appears the elder must have been rather alarmed as well, to go to the bother of sending «Heaven Piercing Sword» Fanatio-dono here. Or perhaps you are the one panicking here, Fanatio-sama? I suppose you couldn't bear to have «Fragrant Olive»-dono walk off with the position of Deputy Knight Commander with her performance, could you?"
The few tense seconds of silence were broken by the purple knight's rather sharp voice accompanied by a metallic reverberation.
Eugeo felt confident that he sensed hidden irritation behind that muffled echo, unique to integrity knights, that didn't seem to originate from a human.
"...Why are you young apprentices in this battlefield of honorable knights?"
"Aha, that's soo lame!"
Fizel quickly shouted back in an unreserved tone.
"It's because you bring stuff like honor and dignity into fights, that two of your all-powerful, able-to-match-a-thousand integrity knights have lost, heh. But rest assured, so that you esteemed knights don't suffer any further disgrace, we have caught the intruders for you!"
"We'll be cutting the intruders' heads off now, so please look closely and report it to the highest minister. I suppose the honorable integrity knights wouldn't even imagine about stealing our achievement, am I right?"
Eugeo couldn't help but be dumbfounded at the girls' guts despite the perilous situation he was in, as Linel and Fizel spoke with even less restraint while the five integrity knights, possessing superhuman strength, faced them.
No—that might be a little off.
Could that prominent emotion hovering behind the children's small backs be hatred...?
Lying on the floor, Eugeo issued his strength to the only part that could move, his two eyes, and stared at Linel and Fizel. But still, what was their hatred directed towards? Despite appearing before the major criminals who had rebelled against the Axiom Church and highest minister, Administrator, the girls had showed nothing but pure curiosity.
Linel and Fizel, openly expressing both hatred and contempt, glared at the integrity knights, and the knights looked back at the two children with irritation, as Eugeo looked up at the children, harboring doubts in his mind, so—
Until the instant that black-clothed shadow appeared behind the children without a sound, there was likely not a single being who had detected its movement.
Kirito, who should have been affected by the paralyzing venom like Eugeo, approached from behind the two girls with the smoothness of a shadow panther on the prowl and took the venomous swords hanging on their waists by their hilts: Fizel's in his right hand, Linel's in his left. With that, he drew the swords upwards and linked it to a shallow slash on each of the children's exposed left arms.
The children only managed to turn to look back with blank faces after Kirito landed from a long jump backwards, with the short-swords still in his hands.
Vacant expressions of surprise appeared on Linel's and Fizel's innocent faces.
"Why..."
"Move..."
The venom's effects manifested immediately and the children tumbled onto the floor softly after voicing that much.
Kirito got up as though he was their substitute. He held both of the venomous swords together in his left hand and searched through Linel's ascetic clothes with his right after walking up to her. The object he instantly picked out was a tiny bottle the size of his fingertips, stoppering an orange-colored fluid.
Flicking off the cork and putting it to his nose, he nodded as though convinced, then walked on. Eugeo couldn't do anything but to believe the fluid, gently flowing from the bottle that drew close to his lips, was an antidote and drank it down. It was likely for the best that he had no sense of taste.
Kirito, displaying a rare sort of grimness on his face, whispered in an extremely soft voice while still on his knees.
"The paralysis will be cured in a few minutes. When your mouth can move, be sure to start chanting the armament full control art without the knights' notice. Keep on standby when you're done preparing and wait for my signal."
Getting up after saying only what he needed to, Kirito moved to the girls' side once again. He shouted out towards the five integrity knights still standing a distance away in a strained, loud voice.
"Knight Kirito, as well as Knight Eugeo, would like to extend our deepest apologies for the disrespect of looking on while lying down at the side! In addition to that disrespect, I beg for you to grant a deferment for us to redress our disgrace! I propose we cross swords after that hiatus!"
The purple knight, who was probably of a rather high rank, immediately replied in a dignified tone.
"I am the second of the integrity knights, Fanatio Synthesis Two! Criminals, my sacred instrument, «Heaven Piercing Sword», doesn't possess a single drop of mercy, so declare your last words if you have any, while this sword remains sheathed!"
Upon hearing that, Kirito instantly looked down at the two girls collapsed beside him and hit out with his words, loud enough for even the knights to hear.
"—I believe you think it's weird, don't you? About why I could move."
Chagrin dyed Linel's eyes as the words she had personally spoken earlier were stolen.
"The two of you fumbled your words earlier. You said all of the brothers and sisters were ordered not to leave their rooms. There shouldn't be anyone who can disobey an order within the cathedral. Hence, that proved you were not actual sister apprentices since you hadn't abided by the order."
A prickling pain crawled around his limbs, perhaps because his senses had started to return thanks to the medicine, but Eugeo took nearly no notice of it. He finally understood what emotion was hidden behind his partner's expression.
Despite his usual character, that Kirito—was enraged.
But it didn't seem that rage was directed towards the children. After all, a considerable level of sympathy could be seen in his eyes as they were cast down at Linel and Fizel.
"Besides, there're those scabbards on your waists. Those were made from the «ruby evergreen oak» in the south, right? That is the only material that would not rot when in contact with these swords made from the «poison steel from Ruberyl». There was no way mere sister apprentices could have something like these. Thus, I chanted an art to counteract the poison before the two of you got closer. It did take quite some time for it to finish, though. ...Strength isn't purely based on how fast you can swing your swords. To sum it up, the both of you were foolish; foolish enough to deserve dying here right this instant."
Kirito coldly told the two girls and raised the poison swords held in his left hand up high.
The two swords traced a green flash as they flew from his hand, thrown down without any hesitation. They buried themselves with a dull noise, into the stone floor at the tip of Linel's and Fizel's noses.
"But I won't kill you. In exchange, watch closely at just how strong the integrity knights you ridiculed are."
He turned aside after those few words and proceeded several steps forward.
Kirito slowly turned the black sword that glided from its scabbard with a sharp sound and brandished it in front of himself.
"—I apologize for the wait, Knight Fanatio! Knight Kirito stands before you!!"
He's overdoing it... regardless of what the circumstances may be.
He thought to cry those words out at his partner's back, but Eugeo's lips merely trembled slightly. His senses were returning, but his voice was still locked away.
Kirito had always borrowed those weapon listings from the academy's library he held an interest in, so that was likely where he had gained the knowledge of the «ruby evergreen oak» and «poison steel». With his inherent insight added in, Kirito might have escaped from the trap laid by Linel and Fizel, but it was clear that they had been plunged into an even more perilous plight due to the children. After all, they had to engage strong opponents in direct combat: five integrity knights, with one among them at the position of Deputy Knight Commander. The plan of discussing their actions and chanting the full control art in advance, before charging into the grand cloister, was naturally voided.
The usual Kirito would have dragged Eugeo along as he fled without a tinge of hesitation, rearranging the circumstances to make it the slightest bit more advantageous. As expected, the reason why he didn't was because he wasn't in his normal state. If he stared hard, he could practically see a profound anger stirring Kirito up, bluish-white flames upon the black shirt on his back.
Even the instructors at the Sword Mastery Academy would have been overpowered if they had confronted Kirito, as he currently was, head-on. However, as expected of one who was the integrity knight’s second in command, the purple knight named Fanatio grasped the hilt of that slender sword on the left waist in a dignified motion. When it was unsheathed with a clear sound, a dazzling radiance, as though the blade itself was emitting light, struck Eugeo's eyes.
Following Fanatio, the four integrity knights behind reversed their great swords thrust into the floor and brandished them in a neatly coordinated motion. The resolve felt welling from their swords rippled the air in the hall as it pushed against Kirito's.
Fanatio, who didn't show the slightest bit of liveliness despite the strained situation, let loose a voice with a somber ring to it from under the helmet.
"Criminal Kirito, it appears you desire an individual match with me... but unfortunately, we have been strictly ordered to use all means to erase the both of you if you were to reach this cloister. Hence, I shall have them serve as your opponent first. —The «Four Oscillation Blades» personally tempered under my instruction, that is!"
Fanatio loudly declared, then started with rapid chanting of a complex sacred art that began with system call. It was likely, no, unmistakably the armament full control art. The only means to counter were to use the same art as well, or to cut the knight down before it was finished.
Kirito chose the latter. As he rushed at Fanatio with enough force to make sparks scatter from his soles' hobnails, he swung his black sword overhead.
However, the knight who stood at the left, among the four in wait behind Fanatio, began an assault at the same time. The great sword held with both hands cleaved horizontally from the left with a heavy groan, advancing on Kirito.
Kirito changed his sword's orientation, receiving the knight's attack with a downwards swing from overhead. An ear-piercing crash resounded. Both were repelled backwards, widening the gap.
Kirito's recovery was quicker in comparison to the knight, hurriedly trying to pull the huge sword back. He had already entered the stance to pursue upon landing, and with just a single lunge more at his opponent's chest—
"......!?"
—Eugeo's breath immediately escaped after he believed that. He didn't know when it had happened, but a second knight had rushed in and released an all-out horizontal slash from the left.
Kirito stopped his feet and this time, his sword slashed up towards the left and repelled the enemy's sword. There was the same metallic noise and abundant spray of sparks as earlier, and the two opened up a distance of approximately four mel.
The second knight's stance, too, was severely demolished. It was only natural, holding one's ground after being repelled from dealing an all-out attack with a sword that huge would be difficult regardless of how much physical strength one had. What should be praised, however, was Kirito's expertise, for repulsing the opponent's sword with a complete minimum of motion and gracefully absorbing its recoil, shifting into the next offensive stance immediately after.
However.
Without being giving even the time to consider the potentiality, Eugeo saw a third knight lunging at Kirito once again, directly after he landed. Before his sight was taken by the collision between sword and sword for the third time, Eugeo forced his eyes to the rear.
"——!!"
And he ground his teeth. In that moment Kirito crossed swords with the third knight, the fourth was already beginning to rush forth.
How could they predict Kirito's movement so accurately? Kirito's reaction finally became erratic from the consequent horizontal cleave. Although he did succeed in intercepting it somehow, his black-clothed frame swayed in the air, perhaps due to the force he was pushed back by.
——I see.
It took too long, but Eugeo noticed the four knights' intent.
All of the knights' attacks were horizontal slashes from left to right. Parrying that with his sword would restrict the direction to which he would be repelled, to a certain degree. With that as their aim, the next knight would repeat the horizontal slash. The wider range when compared to thrusts and vertical swings, along with the blade's length, could provide a rough estimate that was sufficient for them to catch Kirito within the reach of their slashes, even if it was done in advance.
It was a supposed «consecutive hits skill via a group» from the integrity knights who shouldn't have secret moves with consecutive hits. They really were different from the swordsmen in the capital who purely pursued the beauty of styles, they were true warriors hardened through actual battles in the Dark Territory.
However, the knights' coordinated tactic was not perfect either.
—Notice it, Kirito, there's a way to get through it if you do!
A hoarse groan seeped out from Eugeo's throat as he tried to shout. His tongue and lips were finally starting to move. As he moved his mouth in a desperate bid to loosen those stiff muscles, to start on the art ritual even a moment quicker, Eugeo frantically prayed as he looked on at his partner. For him to notice it.
Having parried the fourth knight's sword, Kirito slipped up in his landing at last, thrusting a single hand onto the floor.
The first knight's sword roared as it launched an assault, thrusting in after recovering from the impact.
Kirito immediately slumped his upper body backwards, slipping under the sword. A section of his black hair made contact with the blade and was scattered away.
Yes—If the incoming attack was certain to be a horizontal slash, he would simply have to dodge above or below it instead of deflecting it with his sword.
But that evasion has to be combined with a counterattack. If he were to fall down, there would be a short pause, no, something longer than that before he could take action again.
It appeared the second knight approaching from Kirito's left had absolutely no intention of missing that pause. Nimbly shifting the sword that was pointed sideways up, the knight executed a vertical slash at full power.
"D...!!"
Danger, Eugeo tried to shout, ignoring the sharp pain running through his throat. However, it wasn't in time. It was when he instinctively averted his eyes, not expecting him to be able to dodge—
The initial knight who just completed the sword swing on Kirito's right shook violently.
Kirito wasn't merely sprawled over. His two legs had clutched around the knight's unnoticed, pulling the knight down atop himself.
The second knight could not stop the slash in motion and the great sword's blade buried itself deeply into his ally's back. The knight who recovered his sword while showing signs of shock was then assaulted by a black flash reaching from below.
Kirito, his lunge accurately stabbing through the knight's two arms as he got up, turned towards the third knight who appeared to be charging forward in disorder and shoved the second away with all the force he had. As expected, the third couldn't hack at him along with an ally and halted the slash.
At last, the consecutive attacks from the group Fanatio called the «Four Oscillation Blades» came to an end.
Kirito ran savagely through that gap. Without sparing the four knights even a glance, he launched an attack on Fanatio, chanting the full control art.
Let it reach—!
Eugeo frantically prayed.
"Enhance...!"
Fanatio shouted.
"Uooooh!!"
Kirito howled, his sword raised up high from afar. It wouldn't reach from that distance normally, but the blade released a yellow-green flash immediately after. Aincrad-style secret move, «Sonic Leap». It was a one-hit vertical slash like «Vertical», but possessed the ability to charge forward from over twice that distance in an instant.
Fanatio turned the slender sword's point at Kirito whose bestial pounce trailed out a path of light. However, it was impossible for such a delicate weapon to ward off the impact from a secret move no matter what was tried. The long sword carved from the Gigas Cedar held a weight higher than the Blue Rose Sword, a sacred instrument. Adding a slashing attack at Kirito's practically godlike speed into the mix, it would be enough to smash something like a slender sword into smithereens, even if there were three of them bundled up together.
It was at the instant when the black-clothed knight reached the peak of his jump and began to swing his sword forward—
A flash came from the slender sword at the knight's hand.
No, to be accurate, the entire blade turned into a bluish-white radiance as it stretched out forward with terrifying agility.
The slender ray of light penetrated Kirito's left flank without a sound, continued onwards towards the sky, and ignited a small explosion as it plunged into the grand cloister's ceiling. That all ended in an instant.
Kirito's secret move had its trajectory upset with his abdomen pierced through, and merely grazed a decorative wing on Fanatio's helmet, forcibly snapping it off into the air.
Barely any blood could be seen flowing from the wound and Eugeo didn't think there was much of a drop in his Life, but Kirito fell onto a single knee upon landing. When he focused his eyes hard enough, he saw pale smoke rising around the small hole opened up in his shirt.
It was probably a flame-type attack? However, the light released from Fanatio's sword was a blinding white that was almost blue. Eugeo had never seen a flame of such color before.
Turning with a motion so refined it was detestable, Fanatio pointed the slender sword's end precisely at Kirito who was crouching on the floor.
With a faint 'sha', the ray of light surged out again. If it wasn't for Kirito springing to the left immediately before that, the light would have likely gone through his right leg. The light ray that precariously missed stabbed into the marble floor and once again caused a small explosion. When the light faded, a bright-red hole remained melted into the surface there.
"No... way...!"
Eugeo did not notice the jarring, hoarse voice that escaped from his own mouth for a while.
The material used in building the cathedral was marble of the highest grade, like the «immortal walls» that divided Central Centoria as a cross, judging from its pure white hue and glassy glaze. It wasn't something that could be melted despite how hot a flame you used. Hadn't how only the carpet had been burnt when those infernal flames brought forth by Deusolbert's «Conflagrant Flame Bow» had engulfed the surface been enough to serve as evidence for that?
In other words, that would make Fanatio's full control art far mightier than Deusolbert's skill, if it was a flame-type attack. So wouldn't Kirito's Life that suffered a direct hit from such a skill be on the verge of dissipating?
Kirito didn't stay in a single place, continuously jumping in erratic directions as Eugeo looked on tightly gripped in the fist of an ice-cold fear. Light rays flashed out one after another, digging into the ground, as Fanatio's sword chased his figure.
A more horrifying detail of that skill was how it contained absolutely no prior movements before the discharge of light, such as accumulating the light or thrusting the sword. At the very least, Eugeo couldn't guess at when the nonchalantly shifting slender sword would emit the ray of light from his position. Describing it as having an extremely long range would define it at the same level as Eldrie's «Frost Scale Whip», but that was mere child's play when compared to this.
Showing no sign of getting fired up at all, Fanatio continued pursuing Kirito with slick movements like a dance. Kirito could dodge even four, five, six shots of those solely because of his painstakingly tempered physical capability and feral intuition.
However, at last, the light that shot out for the seventh time declared an end to the fatal game of tag.
Shaa! The top of his foot was pierced in midair by the light ray that scorched the air as it shot out, Kirito crashed onto the floor, shoulder first, his posture crumpling. But still, Fanatio's sword point unwaveringly aimed slightly below the tuft of black hair that was brought up straight away.
"Ki......"
-rito, Eugeo tried to shout before he noticed the numbness of his throat and mouth were finally gone. He might be able to articulate clearly enough to complete the art ritual like this.
Instead of screaming out, Eugeo steadily sent strength to his abdomen and began chanting the art ritual at a volume too soft for the knights to hear, but loud enough to reach the creation goddesses.
"System call..."
Kirito would be able to get through this level of danger on his own. Hence, there was only one thing Eugeo ought to do, to chant the full control art as he was told to, getting it ready to be activated whenever it was needed.
With the sword of certain death pointed straight at Kirito, Fanatio kept quiet for a while, as though to provoke him, before speaking out in a dull voice.
"...I have been given advice, that prattling on at times like this is a bad habit of mine, from the Knight Commander for over a hundred years, but... Still, it feels like such a misery. Every single one of those who have prostrated themselves beneath the authority of my «Heaven Piercing Sword» could show naught but that asinine expression, you see. I suppose you, too, are wondering what exactly is the true form of this technique capable of cornering yourself so easily."
It seemed the four knights under Fanatio had finished treating their casualties in the meantime too, as they were now surrounding Kirito from the back, holding their great swords in one hand. This made it even harder to escape, but it increased the possibility of prolonging Fanatio's small talk accordingly. Concentrating fully on not making a single mistake in his chant in order to avert failure, Eugeo continued stringing the art ritual together with all he had.
"You may be a criminal, but I suppose you know of mirrors if you have lived in the capital?"
Fanatio suddenly asked a question that came out of nowhere and a perplexed expression appeared on Kirito even as he withstood the pain.
Mirrors.
Of course, Eugeo had seen them before as well. There weren't any back home in Rulid, but his personal room in the academy's elite swordsman-in-training dormitory was furnished with a small one. It was a mysterious tool that reflected far more vividly than water surfaces and metal sheets, but Eugeo couldn't quite come to like his own feeble appearance, so he hadn't had much of a craving to peek into it.
With the sword prepared to immediately shoot light at Kirito if he made any movement, Fanatio resumed in a voice that revealed no emotion.
"As it's a highly valued commodity made by pouring melted silver onto glass, I doubt there would be many opportunities for inhabitants outside the capital to lay their eyes on it, but... that tool is able to reflect Solus's light almost perfectly. I wonder if you understand... that is, the reason behind why the area shone on by the reflected light becomes twice as hot. —A hundred and thirty years from now in the past, her eminence, the highest minister, confiscated silver coins and other items made from silver, and commanded glassmakers to create a thousand large panes of glass. They were for an offensive art that required no chanting... an experiment labeled «weaponry» though, you see. The thousand mirrors, lined up to form a half circle in the cathedral's front yard, reflected the midsummer Solus's light and focused it onto a single spot, bringing forth a pure white inferno. That melted a large rock the size of a man in mere minutes."
Weaponry... white inferno...?
Eugeo understood nothing from Fanatio's words. However, he knew by intuition, that the scheme from the highest minister was as horrifying as having children murder each other in order to stabilize the resurrection art.
"—In the end, the eminent highest minister judged that it required too much preparation to get it into a battle-worthy state. However, she mentioned it would be too much of a pity for all of it to go to waste, and with her divine miracles, she gathered every one of the thousand large mirrors, tempered them, and created a single sword. That was this sacred instrument, the «Heaven Piercing Sword». Do you understand, criminal? What pierced through your abdomen and leg was the might of Sun Goddess Solus herself!"
The words from the integrity knight, tinged with a faint haughtiness, were such a surprise that Eugeo narrowly avoided making a blunder on the nearly completed art ritual.
Solus's light gathered by a thousand mirrors—was that supposed to be the true form of that white ray of light?
It was possible to counteract an attack through thermal elements with cryogenic elements. But how could an attack through light be guarded against? In the first place, arts with luminous elements as their source of power should have nearly no direct offensive ability, to the extent of Eugeo's knowledge. A blinding light could be negated with umbra elemental arts, but a light ray on that level would probably pierce through ten or twenty umbra elements thrown at it easily.
Unconcerned with the intolerable unease in his heart, Eugeo's mouth continued constructing the art ritual, half automatically, and finally reached the final line. The power hidden within the Blue Rose Sword would be invoked after chanting the ending phrase, «enhance armament». But that would have to wait for Kirito's signal.
Fanatio appeared to have ran out of things to talk about and slightly thrust the sword pointed at Kirito's head forward.
"Kirito, have you understood the might of my sword that will erase your Life? Then I shall allow you to repent for your sins, entrust your heartfelt faith to the three goddesses, and beg them for their mercy before you die. If you do so, the spiritual light of purification will cleanse the sins of your soul and guide it to the Celestial World. Now—farewell, immature and foolish criminal."
The Heaven Piercing Sword shone dazzlingly, projecting the ray of light that would ring his death knell through his heart.
"Discharge!"
It was in that instant when that scream reached Eugeo's ears.
Directly before Fanatio's sword shone, Kirito slapped his two hands together with a 'pan!' and then held them out in front. What appeared before his palms was a single sheet colored silver.
No, that's not it. It wasn't merely a sheet of metal. The perfectly level, square sheet clearly reflected Fanatio's helmet while the knight stood in front of Eugeo.
Eugeo's eyes had perceived elements of two different hues grasped in those hands before they were slapped together.
The light on the right hand was that of metal elements. It was used to fire needles or create trifling tools, the metallic-type element. And what the left hand held were crystal elements. It was the glass-type element used to create imperceptible barriers and glass cups. With those two formed into the shape of a sheet and layered, the object created was—
A mirror.
The light spear that concealed an extreme heat hit the mirror created by Kirito's art ritual and changed it from silver to orange in the blink of an eye.
The Lives for tools created from elements were after all low. Even if a knife looked the same on the outside, compared to one forged from ore that could last for tens of years, one formed from metal elements would exhaust its Life in only hours and dissipate. That mirror should be no exception, it was highly doubtful it would have the endurance to deflect the Heaven Piercing Sword's light.
As Eugeo's fleeting thought predicted, the mirror survived in the air for only a mere tenth of a second. The glass and metal melted into a fluid that scattered about and the light ray went straight at Kirito, retaining eighty percent of its radiance.
However, the instant's worth of reprieve forcibly brought about wasn't wasted on Kirito either. It was hardly anything, but he succeeded in tilting his frame towards the left and the light singed only a part of his black hair and cheek before it streamed behind him.
And the remaining twenty percent of the light caught by the mirror—
Was deflected at an acute angle and sprung upon Fanatio's helmet.
It shouldn't have been a predictable move, but as expected of the second integrity knight, the light ray was dodged with a head tilt to the right with reflexes on par with Kirito or higher. However, the knight couldn't protect the decorative wings that sprung from either side of the helmet. The decoration on the left was hit by the light and the clasp disintegrated with it—the helmet broke into two, front and back, immediately after.
Eugeo's sight was seized by the abundance of hair that swept into the air in that moment.
It was a deep black like Kirito's hair. But its silkiness was overwhelmingly superior. The flowing wavy long hair, which must have surely been groomed with tender care, glistened bewitchingly in the midday light from the grand windows.
Why would someone like a knight—
As Eugeo unconsciously wondered that, he could see Fanatio's face quickly being covered with a raised left hand.
And Fanatio shouted.
"You saw, didn't you... cretin!!"
It was utterly different from that metallically warped voice that had come from the helmet previously; it was in a high-pitched tone, both refined and supple.
She's female—!?
The overwhelming surprise drove Eugeo to the brink of releasing his voice, which would break the art ritual's standby status.
He tightly pursed his lips to prevent any unnecessary words from spilling out. However, part of his consciousness was steadfastly drawn towards Knight Fanatio's retreating figure.
Her stature was similar to Kirito or taller, but when he assessed her with that thought in mind, the line tracing from her back to her waist was certainly slender. However, he had been completely convinced she was a man up until now.


They had already encountered knights like Alice Synthesis Thirty, or Linel and Fizel, though they were children, so there was no reason to deny that there were quite a number of females within the integrity knights. In the first place, close to half of the trainees studying in the academy were girls like Tiezé and Ronye. Many integrity knights were produced from their ranks, so there was nothing strange about the second knight being female.
When he pondered on why he was so astonished despite that, Eugeo noticed that it was because Fanatio's speech and behavior up until now had been excessively masculine.
If that was the case, the reason for the anger exuding from Fanatio's entire frame right now was not because her bare face was seen—it might be due to them finding out she was female.
It appeared Kirito, down on the floor with a single knee, had the pain from the burn on his cheek vanish too, as an astonished look showed up on his face.
Glaring at Kirito crouching through the gaps between the fingers on her left hand, Fanatio spoke again.
"So you're... making that sort of face too, huh, criminal. So even you bunch, guilty of high treason against the church, will not fight seriously the moment you know I'm a girl?"
Despite being a lament, practically wrung from herself, her voice was exquisite, bringing to mind stringed instruments played by a virtuoso.
"I am not human... I am an integrity knight summoned to this land from the Celestial World... And yet I have to suffer such scorn from you men, the instant you know me to be female! Not just among my peers... but even from the commander of those incarnations of evil, the darkness knights!!"
—That's not it; neither of us are looking down on you.
After replying thusly in his mind, a thought struck Eugeo.
He had fought many swordswomen during his service as a guard in Zakkaria and while he began studying in the academy. There were several among them who possessed more skill than Eugeo and of course, there were times when he lost against them. Through experiencing all of those battles, Eugeo did not go easy on his opponents just because they were female and he held respect for experts in the field regardless of their gender.
However—what if it wasn't a match where the competitors won by stopping before making contact or after the first hit, but an actual life-and-death battle? Could he really annihilate his opponent's Life without hesitation...?
It happened when Eugeo was seized by the thoughts he now considered for the first time and lost his breath.
Kirito who was crouching on the floor suddenly became a gust of wind and leapt out.
It was a downwards slash from the right without any trickery or even secret moves. However, the blade moved at an appalling speed that appeared hazy even in Eugeo's eyes. It was like a miracle instead, that Fanatio managed to parry it in time with her heart thrown in disarray. Gaan! An ear-piercing impact echoed through the hall, scattering sparks that vividly illuminated the pair's faces for a moment.
Fanatio skillfully stopped the slash near her slender sword's guard, but she could not soak up the brunt of the charge and was forced back several steps. Kirito locked their swords together and jostled into the female knight's slender body without slackening the pressure. Fanatio's knee, clad in purple armor, began to bend slightly.
Kirito suddenly spoke in a low tone.
"I see, that explains that sword and skill. It's to hide that you're a woman when fighting... that's right, isn't it, Fanatio ojou-sama?"
"You... bastard!!"
Her shout sounded like a scream; Fanatio forced her sword back as they scraped against each other.
When Eugeo turned his sight that was fastened on those two elsewhere, he could feel signs of distress from the four surrounding knights as well. It might be likely, but there could be some among them who did not know Fanatio's bare face. The two girls who were laid paralyzed on Eugeo's right couldn't show any signs of either, however.
Exposing themselves to the knights' eyes, Kirito and Fanatio continued their all-out competition. Kirito was clearly the winner in terms of body weight and sword weight, he guessed. But after getting pushed back once, Fanatio showed no sign of drawing back with that physical strength unimaginable from her slender arms.
Kirito hurled words at her once again from the gaps in his gritted teeth.
"...I'll say this first, but what I was surprised at just now, was how the resolve in your sword decreased by such a far-fetched amount the instant your helmet broke. Hiding your face, hiding your sword swings... aren't you the one most conscious that you're a woman?"
"Sh... shut up! I'll kill you... I'll definitely kill you at least...!"
"That's what I'm planning on doing too. I have absolutely no plan to go easy on you because you're a woman at all; after all, I've been losing to swordswomen the entire time!"
It was true that Kirito had countlessly been beaten by Sortiliena-senpai, whom he served as a valet, as far as Eugeo knew. But Eugeo believed he wasn't exactly referring to training or practice matches. As if he was saying that he had actually lost to swordswomen elsewhere, in real bouts in the past...
At that moment, Kirito's right leg suddenly sprung forth and tripped Fanatio's legs. Her upper body floundered and the two swords scattered sparks as they parted. Without a moment's delay, he thrust his black sword in with a single hand.
However, the integrity knight's right hand flashed at godlike speed and her slender sword deflected the black sword from the side like a living creature. Straightening her posture while avoiding the thrust's passage, she took a step back to regain some distance.
Kirito's recovery was quick as well. Using the momentum from the thrust, he dove into the opponent's chest in what seemed like a body slam and maintained the close range. After all, long range battles were not feasible against Fanatio who possessed that skill to fire light rays without prior preparation.
An ultra-high speed clash of swords began at near-zero distance.
What frightened Eugeo was how Fanatio dealt with Kirito's disorientating consecutive attacks without retreating by even a step back. The black blade that launched assaults from up, down, left, and right in succession was handled by the slender sword, freely flashing around, retaliating with thrusts of two or three consecutive hits whenever there was the smallest opening. Neither of the two used secret moves, but that was because they couldn't even find the opening to perform the initial stance.
Every single one of the traditional swordsmanship styles in the Human World possessed only one-hit sword skills and it seemed not even the elderly Integrity Knight Deusolbert knew of consecutive hit skills. That would mean Fanatio worked out consecutive sword skills through her own effort. The reason behind that was definitely not unrelated to Kirito's speech from a while ago.
The light from the Heaven Piercing Sword, to defeat enemies without getting close. Or the consecutive hit skills, to drive enemies away with successive attacks even if she was unable to use the full control art and lost the initiative.
In other words, the female knight, Fanatio, was afraid of enemies getting close to her and noticing what was hidden under her armor.
But why...? Why would she try so hard to hide her own gender?
While reflecting on the new doubt that welled up, Eugeo's eyes were glued to the battle between the pair. It appeared the four knights under Fanatio were the same, they looked over the ferocious fight without moving one bit and with their great swords lowered.
Really now, this is such—
Such a magnificent battle.
At that close distance, both parties hardly moved their feet and continued defending against the barrage of slashes and thrusts darting back and forth just by dodging their bodies or by parrying. The spectacle around the pair was as though a multitude of stars were surging in, rebounding, and vanishing, one after another. Even the clangs of steel clashing against steel had a certain magnificence to it, reminding one of a percussion instrument duet.
A chilling smile crept onto Kirito's face that grew pallid as he executed techniques with such vigor, it was like he completely fused with the black sword. The close range battle should have been able to blockade the opponent's usage of Solus's light, but he currently seemed to be simply immersed in the joy of thrashing out with his tempered sword skills to his heart's content.
On the other hand, Fanatio should have no reason to go along with her opponent. If she were to get one of her subordinates to attack Kirito from behind, take that opening to gain some distance, and fire those light rays again, there would be no possibility of Kirito defending this time.
Despite that, the integrity knight with fluttering black, long hair appeared to be trying to conclude the showdown through direct attacks with her slender sword. Eugeo could not infer the reason for that. Because of anger caused by Kirito's provocation? Her pride as a knight could not forgive retreat? Or perhaps, she, too, had found something of note in this exchange of consecutive hit skills, this transcendental battle?
Eugeo could not see anything but Fanatio's back from his position; he did not know what sort of expression showed upon her face.
Making a guess from her several remarks, he figured Fanatio had served the church as an integrity knight for a hundred and thirty years at minimum, with the possibility of it being more. It was an absurd length of time that Eugeo could not even imagine, with himself unsure if he could even reach nineteen years old.
He had no idea how many years it had been since she had concealed her face and gender, but if she had worked out all of those consecutive sword skills through her own effort, that was not merely ten or twenty years of practice. Kirito could only continue crossing swords with Fanatio right now because he, too, was a user of the rare consecutive hit skills, the Aincrad style. If this was any other swordsman, they would probably have been prostrated on the ground, unable to take even one step within the blade's range.
Hence, Kirito might be the first opponent Fanatio faced who could go up against all of her thoroughly polished sword skills as well.
They might be integrity knights, but the adoration of the beauty and gallantry in using a single hit was evident in Eldrie's and Deusolbert's fighting styles. As such, it was doubtful that Fanatio had displayed her consecutive hit skills in practice with a knight as her partner. She had trained by herself for a long, long time, with no-one but an imaginary shadow; a fellow consecutive hit skill user then appeared, taking the form of an entity named Kirito.
As Eugeo looked on at the pair's superhuman confrontation, his entire body was covered in goose bumps without him noticing it as tears spread from his eyes.
Ever since Kirito began teaching him the Aincrad style, the ultimate battle he visualized in his mind was now being carried out in reality here. It carried not the beauty of a style that continued seeking for vanity, but a raucous beauty acquired purely as the result of seeking to cut one's enemy down.
Fanatio's five consecutive thrusts took on Kirito's five consecutive slashes in succession and the respective swords, strongly deflected away, swung down as the pair screamed out their resolve.
"Ryaaaa!"
"Seaaaa!"
Even Eugeo, lying on the ground far away, could feel the heat from the shockwave caused by the clashing swords on his skin. Kirito's and Fanatio's black hair violently fluttered, their swords rasped, and the pair switched positions.
Eugeo lost his breath for a moment when Fanatio's bare face finally entered his vision.
It was a pure, beautiful face; one that made him think how a holy woman from the world of fairy-tales would look like if they truly existed. She could be in her mid-twenties at most erring towards the higher side, with her silky skin the shade of black tea with plenty of milk added in. Both her arc-shaped eyebrows and long eyelashes were black, but her eyes were mostly a gold tinged copper-red. Her appearance showed that she was probably born in the eastern region and her nose bridge was moderately high. Her jawline had a tinge of roundedness as well, bringing forth a remarkably gentle elegance. And her petite lips were a very mild red.
The murderous anger from just a little earlier was no longer on the female knight's face. Something like resignation, bottling up a certain sort of sorrow, could be felt in its place.
"—I see now."
Fanatio murmured in her bewitching voice with the swords crossed.
"Criminal, it appears you are a little different from those who picked a fight with me. There haven't been any men able to try and kill me this seriously once they saw this abominable countenance until now."
"Abominable—huh. Then for whose sake are you combing that hair and tingeing those lips red?"
Kirito's question was as provocative as usual, but Fanatio only showed slight signs of a cynical smile, answering quietly.
"I have already waited more than a hundred years for the man I love to request more from me, than sword techniques and severed heads... it is only natural to be in the mood for some cosmetics after aching for him so long under that steel mask and then ending up playing second fiddle to a new female knight, with a face more beautiful than myself and freely flaunting it."
A strong knight more beautiful than even Fanatio. And female too.
It was only after Eugeo shivered upon thinking how such an opponent still remained above in this tower, that he realized he had an idea who the integrity knight fitting those conditions was. Not wearing a helmet, becoming a knight only in recent years, someone who knocked Eugeo down in a single hit at godlike speed—Alice Synthesis Thirty.
Kirito should be pondering over one thing or another at Fanatio's words as well, but he revealed not a single atom of it as he questioned further.
"—What's the most important thing to you? If integrity knights exist purely to serve the highest minister's commands, you wouldn't even require a heart capable of worrying over love or jealousy. I do not know who that man is, but if you’ve had an unrequited love on him for over a hundred years... that would mean you're human. It's because you're human, just like me. I'm fighting to overthrow the church and highest minister, to enable humans like you to love and live normally!"
Even Eugeo was deeply surprised by those words. He never knew Kirito, who always seemed aloof, thought about such things in his mind. But at the same time, Eugeo also noticed somewhere in his partner's voice there was an echo, as if troubled over some sort of contradiction.
Fanatio's face distorted once again, though only for a fleeting instant.
Looking at a deep valley carved into her smooth forehead, he thought the «piety module» would emerge like in Eldrie's case, but the visible changes to the second among the knights ended there.
"...Child, you do not understand. If the church's authority was lost, who knows what sort of hell this world would be thrust into... The army of the Dark Territory strengthen their forces day after day, clamoring beyond the mountain range at the end that seals them away. Aah... I will admit it, you are strong. And neither underlings of darkness nor malicious intruders, as the Chief Elder mentioned, it seems. However, that does not change the fact that you are of extreme danger. To be able to sway the church and integrity knights with not just that sword, but your words as well... Before the greatest duty granted upon us integrity knights, to protect the Human World and its inhabitants, my love is merely... it's not even worth harvesting, equivalent to the chaff of wheat."
The Heaven Piercing Sword and the black sword crossed between the pair continued emitting a grinding sound that seemed to reach its limit, even while Fanatio talked with a grave expression, as if stating her resolution. It was clear that either of them could be sent flying if they lessened their strength by the slightest amount.
No, the two swords should still be losing their Life in the meantime. If the swords remained locked, the first one to run out of Life would be the Heaven Piercing Sword. After all, if their status as sacred instruments were on the same level, the one with more Life would simply be the thicker and heavier one.
There was no chance Fanatio had not noticed that. And how she would be mercilessly slashed dead by Kirito the moment her sword gets propelled backwards and creates an opening.
"Hence—I need to defeat you. Even if I have to trample upon my pride as a knight. Sneer at me for winning with such an unsightly skill. You possess the right to do so."
After softly declaring all of that, Fanatio continued and shouted.
"Light hidden within the Heaven Piercing Sword, it is now the time to release yourself from your shackles!! —Release recollection!!"
This art ritual—is the art to release its memories!!
The silver blade shone brighter than it ever had.
After that.
Shupaa! Several rays of light were released in a radial pattern from the sword tip with that noise.
Eugeo instinctively thought it was meant to blind. To momentarily rob Kirito's sight and break his posture before cutting him down.
However, that verdict was utterly extinguished when one of the light rays shot by the Heaven Piercing Sword in all directions hit the floor right beside Eugeo, burying deeply into the marble.
It wasn't meant to blind—none of that light was!
Kirito!! Eugeo couldn't bear but to lift his upper body as he screamed in his heart. When he focused his eyes, he saw the light rays fired at point-blank range just about to pierce through Kirito's right arm. That wasn't all, he could already spot evidence of deep black penetration marks in his left shoulder and right thigh.
And Kirito wasn't the only one struck by the ultra-hot light on his body.
The master of the Heaven Piercing Sword, too, had unsightly holes bored through the armor on her abdomen, shoulder, and both legs. The depth of her injuries were worse than Kirito's. Still, that expression filled with resolve that showed on her lovely face didn't stir a single bit.
Integrity Knight Fanatio Synthesis Two planned to blow away her own Life as well, with Kirito as her companion.
The words from the previous highest minister, Cardinal, replayed in his mind. The ritual phrase, «release recollection», awakens all of the weapon's memories, releasing its rampaging power. A power capable of annihilating one's life that swallowed up not only the enemy, but yourself as well.
The released Heaven Piercing Sword gave almost fatal wounds to the pair from point-blank range, with considerable damage to the surrounding four as well, in its initial barrage. The divine ornaments in the grand cloister were not outside its reach either and were brutally torched, while the expensive glass windows shattered in succession. There were hardly any rays of light that flew all the way to Eugeo and the two paralyzed girls, collapsed nearby, but still, they would suffer a direct hit sooner or later.
No matter how much light it emitted, the sacred instrument tempered from a thousand panes of mirrors showed absolutely no sign of falling into silence. The sword point gleamed at intervals of roughly one second, firing short rays of light without taking any care to aim. Half were fired towards the empty skies, scorching only the walls, pillars, and ceiling, but quite a number among the other half reached out at a lower angle and were amassed by the pair's bodies within point-blank range, naturally enough.
Unable to remove his sword, Kirito could only shift his head as much as he could to narrowly avoid the light bent on piercing his forehead. The light went for Fanatio's face next, but the integrity knight didn't make the slightest movement. The light rays grazed her cheeks, burning dark-red grooves into her unblemished, smooth skin and burning away a considerable amount of her abundant black hair in an instant.
"You... damned idiot!!"
Kirito cried out with a desperate expression. Drops of fresh blood scattered from his mouth along with it. Eugeo could easily imagine how taking that many light rays to his body would leave Kirito on the verge of exhausting his Life, regardless of how much he might have. But the black-clothed swordsman stubbornly refused to fall, even sliding his sword over the origin of the light rays, the tip of the Heaven Piercing Sword, covering it with the black sword's flat.
As a result, it might just be a temporary deferment, but all of the light fired towards Kirito and Fanatio ended up being obstructed by the black sword.
Now—now or never!
Kirito didn't signal for it, but Eugeo knew the time had definitely come through both his rationality and intuition.
Fanatio was naturally engaged, while the four knights under her were desperately guarding from the light as well, using their great swords as shields, with hardly any composure to care about the remaining criminal. There was no one capable of stopping Eugeo's full control art that would leave him wide open during its activation if he used it at this moment.
Springing up with an intense force, Eugeo drew out the Blue Rose Sword that he had been gripping onto the entire time in a single stroke.
"Enhance......"
Spinning it in midair, switching it to an underhand grip, he supported the grip with his left hand as well and thrust it into the marble floor with all the strength he could muster.
"—Armament!!"
Close to half of the pale-blue blade sunk deep into the floor.
Bashiiii!! Accompanied by a sharp, explosive noise, the marble floor was instantaneously covered in a pure-white frost.
As crystalline icicles pointedly stabbed upwards, a frigid wave burst forth at a breakneck speed.
Approximately five seconds after activation, the frigid wave with a breadth close to ten mel engulfed Kirito and Fanatio, along with the four knights, at their feet.
It appeared the four knights finally noticed the strange phenomenon with that. The faces covered by their helmets jerked and turned to look at him.
But it was too late.
While Eugeo put all the strength he had into his two hands, he shouted out loud.
"Bloom—Blue Roseee!!"
Countless pale blue icy tendrils grew upwards in an instant, towards the four knights, Fanatio, and Kirito from their feet.
Each tendril was only as thick as a pinky finger. But all of them grew prickly thorns, densely packed together, firmly digging into their prey's legs.
"Nhn..."
"Wh-What!?"
The knights collectively cried out. Innumerous icy tendrils had already crept up to their waists and abdomens along their legs. There were some who belatedly attempted to prune away the tendrils with their great swords, but the tendrils wrapped around the blades repeatedly upon contact, shackling them onto the floor.
The knights assailed by the tendrils, from their chests to their heads, even down to their fingertips, were frozen into ice sculptures incapable of the slightest movement. Eventually, from the tendrils that obstinately entwined around their quarry while letting out sharp 'kin' noises blossomed a limitless number of large roses, colored in a profound blue and preceded by the reverberation of an exceptionally lucid chime.
Naturally, all of that was cold ice. No honey or fragrance was produced by their solid and transparent petals, but in their place, the roses began emanating a white chill. The air within the entire cloister was shrouded in a thick mist at once, glittering and sparkling. The source of the chill—was the captured knights' Lives.
The speed of reduction was exceedingly gradual, but they could not muster the strength necessary to break their bonds while the ice roses leeched Life from the entirety of their bodies. In the first place, this art ritual wasn't meant for killing enemies. Eugeo decided on the art's nature solely for the goal of retarding Integrity Knight Alice's movement.
The four knights were rendered completely powerless, but as expected of the one who managed them, it appeared Knight Fanatio saw through the skill's nature in the moment the tendrils broke through the frost and jumped into the air in a bid to escape.
However, Kirito, who knew of Eugeo's art, reacted slightly quicker. Having jumped up high in anticipation of Fanatio, Kirito used the swordswoman's spaulder as a stepping stone of all things and escaped further into the air. Somersaulting towards the back while scattering fresh blood, he escaped the ice tendrils.
His sacrifice was driven onto the ground; tendrils wrapping themselves around Fanatio's entire body as she fell onto a knee.
"Kuh...!"
Perhaps due to the break in her concentration, the rays of light indiscriminately fired from the Heaven Piercing Sword ended after shredding several tendrils, sinking into silence. Thin tendrils rapidly twined around the desolated damaged armor, encasing it within thick ice.


The last of the blue roses that opened up from Fanatio's feet bloomed in all its glory atop the scar carved on her cheek. The second integrity knight completely ceased motion along with the sacred instrument.
In spite of the harsh injuries over his whole body, Kirito somersaulted backwards multiple times in succession and broke away from the ice tendrils, then failed on his final landing and fell with a thud beside Eugeo.
"Gufh..."
A choked voice escaped from the depths of his throat and a large quantity of fresh blood immediately sprayed out. Watching as that froze at once into a deep-crimson frost, Eugeo unconsciously cried out.
"Kirito... wait a moment, I'll chant a healing...!"
"No, don't stop the skill!"
Even while he was on the verge of losing consciousness from blood loss, Kirito still scowled with a gleam in his eyes and shook his head.
"That person won't fall from just this much..."
While a thread of blood flowed near his lips, he propped his body full of wounds up with the black sword.
Kirito wiped at his mouth with his left hand and shut his eyelids for a while to regulate his breathing, before his two eyes flared open and he raised the black sword up high.
"System... call!!"
The art ritual following the opening line that strained his willpower was chanted at an astounding speed, considering his physical status.
Wheezes interweaved with blood pervaded the gaps between each verse and florid sprays scattered from his lips at times, but still, Kirito continued to recite the art ritual that exceeded ten lines without getting stuck a single time.
Looking from up close, countless scars were carved into Kirito's body, an image so gory it caused him to shiver. The Heaven Piercing Sword's light had pierced his well-trained body several times, charring his wounds black. There wasn't much bleeding, a small consolation, but the various injuries evidently reached his internal organs. Kirito's Life should be decreasing quicker than the knights still captured by the ice roses, his life in danger without immediate medical care.
However, Eugeo could not let his hands go from the Blue Rose Sword's grip in order to maintain its full control art. It would provide some relief if Kirito would use a healing art on himself, but it appeared his partner who continued chanting while looking ghastly had absolutely no intention of doing that.
There was no need to be in such a rush, the knights ensnared in the ice cage wouldn't break out so easily—
It was when Eugeo thought this that his sight returned to the knights in front once more.
A streak of white light emerged from the center of the fully bloomed ice roses and stabbed into the wall. Eugeo could only let out a short gasp from the overwhelming shock.
"Eeh..."
The source of the light was Knight Fanatio, who should have been fully enveloped by the layers of ice tendrils and with her movement completely sealed.
The armament full control art didn't exactly allow completely free usage after finishing its chant. Handling the weapon with its offensive ability amplified required a high degree of mental focus from the user. Eugeo, too, had to keep a tight grip on the hilt of the sword pierced into the floor and maintain the image of abundantly blossoming ice roses if he didn't want the knights to escape their shackles.
After fully controlling the Heaven Piercing Sword, Knight Fanatio had shot countless rays of light, gone through an ultra-high speed sword fight with Kirito, and in the end executed its grand technique of an unrestrained and indiscriminate light ray barrage, dealing almost fatal wounds even to herself. Her mental concentration should have been sapped and been released from the state of controlling the Heaven Piercing Sword—or so Eugeo thought.
However.
Completely encased in ice, Fanatio had raised the slender sword up high with her right arm, and was slowly moving it with crackling noises coming from the ice. The visage of the knight's spirit rising from her slim body, like a swaying heat haze, was clearly reflected in Eugeo's wide opened eyes.
"Kuh...!"
Biting his lips, Eugeo forced more strength into the two hands gripping the handle. Guided by his mental image, close to ten budding ice tendrils reached out towards Fanatio from around her. The tendrils whipped at Fanatio's right arm and twined about it in the same motion, without leaving any gaps, and stopped her movement.
But that only lasted for a brief second.
With virtually no care for the thorns stinging her, the integrity knight forced her right hand down. Nearly half of the blue tendrils snapped, sparkling as their pieces scattered.
A chill colder than ice covered Eugeo from the back.
—Is she truly human?
Kirito's willpower, as he continued his high speed chant while coughing up blood, was absurd as well, but the swordswoman took the cake. She would not fall despite the many perforations over her entire body from the light rays' indiscriminate attacks and the merciless Life absorption by the ice roses—on the contrary, she was continuously pulling apart those ice shackles that rendered her four subordinate knights utterly motionless with the strength of her right arm alone.
Eugeo stared in terror at the Heaven Piercing Sword gripped in the knight's right hand as it seemed to gradually adjust its angle towards the two of them.
Exactly what endowed Fanatio with this much power?
Her obligation to protect the law as an integrity knight? Her love towards some man that she carried for over a hundred years? Or perhaps, those words that came from the woman's mouth earlier...?
Fanatio said that the Human World would likely be overrun by the Dark Territory's armies if it lost the might of the Axiom Church.
Thus, that meant that even if she was hurt in the process, that woman was willing to fight to protect the masses of the Human World—those who should have been looked down upon, held in contempt, and taken advantage of by existences like her, whether they were higher class nobles or livestock.
However, that was impossible. Integrity knights were minions under that highest minister, Administrator, who arrested the young Alice and transformed her into a different individual by robbing her memories. A detestable enemy. Eugeo's mind had established them thusly, and he climbed the cathedral, determined to take their lives should the need arise.
Despite that, how could he even consider this true—how could he seriously consider this integrity knight as an agent of justice?
"You... the whole lot of you don't deserve to uphold justice!!"
Eugeo gave a stifled scream and poured all of the hostility he could scrape together from the depths of his heart into the Blue Rose Sword.
Once again, numerous ice tendrils leapt out around Fanatio, their tips turning into sharp thorns and piercing into the knight's right arm one after another.
"Stop... stop moving!!"
Despite how overwhelming hatred should be whirling within his heart, for some reason, something spilled out from Eugeo's eyes. However, he could never concede those were tears. Eugeo couldn't let his heart be moved by Fanatio's figure as her right arm stupidly refused to stop even while pierced by the ice thorns, embodiments of Eugeo's outrage and resentment.
The integrity knight's arm was battered. Snapped thorns were stuck in it like a pincushion, her blood quickly trickling down and turning into dangling red icicles.
But in the end, the arm's movement did not stop, and it adjusted the Heaven Piercing Sword held aloft from vertical to horizontal, training its sharp point onto Eugeo and Kirito.
Eugeo saw the silver blade bathed in a radiance, more dazzling than ever before, through the tears that blurred his sight.
It shone so brightly that he could only believe Fanatio was spending the rest of her remaining Life on it. Eugeo's moist, squinted eyes gazed upon the pure-white radiance that felt like the Sun Goddess Solus had descended into this grand cloister.
—I can't win. I can't win against her as I currently am.
Gazing at the ice roses that crudely crumbled simply by being exposed to the white light, Eugeo gently took a breath.
He, however, had no plans to gallantly close his eyes and wait for the light to take his life. He absolutely couldn't accept yielding to Fanatio's «justice» in such a manner.
At the very least, he wished to display his obstinacy by having one last rose blossom. It was when he tried to scrape together the dregs of hatred still remaining in the depths of his heart, determinedly, that it happened.
Kirito softly muttered by his side, apparently having finished chanting the art ritual.
"You can't beat her with hatred, Eugeo."
"Eh..."
Upon turning his head, his partner continued with a slight smile visible on his bloodstained lips.
"You didn't get this far because you hated integrity knights, right? You wanted to take Alice back, you wanted to meet her again... you're here because you love Alice, right? That feeling definitely won't lose to her justice. I'm the same... I want to protect the people in this world; I want to protect you and Alice and even her over there. So there's no way we can lose to her now... isn't that right, Eugeo?"
Kirito's voice was calm despite the desperate situation. The black-clothed swordsman with many mysteries surrounding him nodded once more with a smile and looked forward.
That was the exact moment the Heaven Piercing Sword fired what was likely its final and greatest beam of light.
It was a gigantic spear of light, large enough to fit all of the light rays it had fired so far within it and more. It was like the Holy Spiritual Light, personally thrown by the goddess, Solus, to drive away the Darkness God Vector during the world's creation, had descended to incinerate all that exists.
Kirito's black eyes flared wide open and were gleaming with overwhelming resolve. His voice that recited the final verse was filled with an unwavering determination befitting the dire circumstances.
"Enhance armament!!"
Facing straight ahead, the blade of the black sword pulsed.
Immediately after, strands of darkness flowed out from all over the blade.
The pitch-black torrent that seemed to suck in all light rippled, twisted, and entangled around itself. They became a spear, thick enough to wrap one's arms around, in an instant and increasingly pushed forward.
Upon straining his eyes, it seemed only the sharpened tip was solidly materialized, taking on an obsidian-like gleam. He could recall that texture. The gigantic tree Eugeo swung an axe at, day after day. The «demonic tree» from which that black sword originated—the Gigas Cedar.
The moment he recognized it, Eugeo understood the true form behind the full control art Kirito activated.
He had awoken the memories sleeping within the black sword through the art ritual and projected into this location the appearance it could once boast of, that of the gigantic tree that refused to be hacked down over hundreds of years. Of course, its shape and size had not remained the same as it was then, but its essence was exactly the same.
Tough, sharp, and an overwhelming mass.
Its very existence was worthy of becoming an ultimate weapon.
Eugeo's heart pounded hard. Immediately—
The huge, pitch-black spear's tip made contact with the huge spear that was the gathered light of Solus. The explosive shockwave intensely shook the entire grand cloister... possibly the entire Central Cathedral itself.
Perhaps even the giant tree was oppressed by the heat and intensity of the light that went beyond imagination, for it lost its momentum in charging forward. But endless darkness continued to stream from the black sword in Kirito's hands, trying to spur the spear forward, even to the bitter end.


It appeared the Heaven Piercing Sword, held in Fanatio's hand, had no intention of resigning either. The rampaging torrent of light strengthened with each second, the ice roses covering the knight had already completely melted away due to its heat. That might have been an understatement; the gauntlet covering the knight's right arm appeared to be glowing bright red with white smoke rising from it.
The clash between light and darkness continued for a while in the center of the grand cloister.
However, it was doubtful a competition between powers of such extreme levels would end with them perfectly offsetting each other and vanishing. It was certain that one side would drive back the other and thoroughly annihilate its enemy.
The one at a disadvantage in this match—was Kirito?
Sure, the Gigas Cedar was tough, but in the end, it was still a tree, a tangible existence. As the original had eventually been chopped down after hacking at it time after time, this, too, would be extinguished after getting damaged beyond its limits.
However, the Heaven Piercing Sword's light was a mass of pure heat. How exactly could an intangible assault be snuffed out?
Supposing countermeasures exist, it would be either to use a mirror to deflect it like Kirito had once succeeded with, or neutralizing it with an absolute frost, stronger than what the Blue Rose Sword had brought forth; a power with a special trait capable of opposing it should be necessary. However, listing through the Gigas Cedar's properties would result in two: its absurd toughness and its weight—
No, there was one more.
Greedily absorbing Solus's light and turning it into its own energy.
Fanatio's spear of light was abruptly ripped into over a thousand streams.
The balance broken, the one to charge forth once again was the essence of Kirito's giant tree in the color of darkness.
The tip was red-hot to the point of being blinding, but still, it gouged and shredded through the light without yielding to its pressure, proceeding towards the source.
The light, split out in a radial pattern, pierced everywhere in the grand cloister, causing countless small explosions as they melted the ice tendrils. The four knights stuck onto the floor were blasted into the air one after another.
Even as Integrity Knight Fanatio looked upon the huge, pitch-black spear drawing close like a tempest, she didn't take a single step. It appeared that all the anger and hatred had already become absent from her beautiful face. Her eyelids gently closed and her mouth moved slightly. Some sort of emotion must have been the root of that, but Eugeo had no guess for what it was.
The giant tree's thorny tip finally ground its way to the light's origin and collided with the Heaven Piercing Sword's sharp point.
First, the slender sword of white silver contorted as it was flicked away, glittering as it spun in the air.
Immediately following that, the knight herself was thrown into the air by a tremendous impact.
Fragments of the purple armor scattered as she was swept straight into the ceiling, smashing the wall mural that took the world's creation as its theme into small pieces.
Her descent was slow. Along with countless marble fragments, Fanatio's body fell as though there were strings attached to it, falling directly in front of the large doors at the rear of the grand cloister with a dull crash. And the second integrity knight stood no more.
The pitch-black spear gently lost its corporeality and began to be absorbed back into the black sword Kirito held, like a stream of shadows. When Eugeo took a look, it appeared the sword itself had become somewhat enlarged like during that one battle with Raios, but it returned to its original size once all of the darkness was once again within the sword.
Eugeo turned back forward and gazed mutely over the debris left from the fierce battle.
The spotless marble floor and walls were melted and broken here and there, mere shadows of their former selves. The floor at the heart of the brawl between the huge spears of darkness and light in particular, had a broad and deep trench channeled through it; it was weird how it hadn't broken through to the floor below.
The fact that two people alone brought about this much destruction to the Central Cathedral's fiftieth floor, the «Grand Cloister of Spiritual Light», not to mention that they were just swordsmen studying at the Sword Mastery Academy only two mere days ago, would not be believed by anyone aside from those present.
—But we really did it.
Eugeo muttered in his inner thought. We've fought five of the integrity knights, those who maintained an unconditional rule over this world of humans since its creation, and we have won.
Counting from Eldrie onwards, this would make it nine integrity knights we've driven off. According to Cardinal's words, there are twelve knights stationed within the cathedral, so there're three left. In other words, if we defeat just a few more knights...
It was roughly at the same time as Eugeo clenched his teeth.
Kirito collapsed onto his knees beside him. The black sword fell from his right hand with a flat clang.
Tearing his hands from the Blue Rose Sword stabbed into the floor in a panic, Eugeo's torso lurched forward and he propped his partner up.
"Kirito!"
The body he held back was astonishingly light and the extent of the blood and Life flowing out was undeniable. The skin was whiter than marble and there was no sign of those shut eyelids lifting. Scanning his eyes over the entire body, he held his hand over the wound that seemed the deepest, the one at the flank.
"System Call! Generate luminous element!"
Gathering the three generated luminous elements on the wound, he next converted them into healing power through an art ritual. He released his hand just as the charred wound began to close, bit by bit, and carried out the same treatment on the wound at the left shoulder. Normally, catalysts such as «sacred flower orbs» were necessary for generating luminous elements which consumed much sacred power from the surrounding area, but they weren't now. Sufficient Life extracted from the five knights by the Blue Rose Sword had transformed into sacred power and had accumulated in the air.
The continuous reduction of Life should halted with the worst wound healed, but Eugeo couldn't use any luminous-type sacred arts capable of recovering Life of someone who lost much of theirs. He grasped Kirito's right hand with his left without any hesitation and chanted a new art ritual.
"System call! Transfer human unit durability, self to left!!"
Beads of indistinct blue light covered Eugeo's entire body this time around and they immediately gathered at his left hand, then streamed into Kirito's body. This art which allowed for Life transfer between humans had a huge effect despite the art ritual's simplicity.
Thinking back upon it, Kirito was the one who had suffered heavy injuries while Eugeo had barely lost any Life, both during the battle against Deusolbert and this time as well. He couldn't possibly pay it all back unless he handed over his Life to the brink of collapsing.
Or so Eugeo thought, but when he felt roughly half of his Life had finally flowed out, Kirito fuzzily opened his eyes and gripped Eugeo's hand with his left, pulling it away from himself.
"...Thanks, Eugeo, I'm alright now."
"Don't force yourself, there should be some injuries hidden from plain sight left over after you went through all that."
"It's way better than that time those goblins came at us; I'm more worried about that person..."
Finding the Knight Fanatio, fallen on the opposite side of the cloister, at the end of where those black eyes stared, Eugeo unconsciously bit his lips.
"...Kirito... That woman... tried to kill you..."
The moment he said that, what Kirito had said immediately before he activated his full control art resounded deep within his ears. Looking downwards, he continued in a whisper.
"Can't beat her with hatred... that was what you said earlier, wasn't it? Yes, that might have been true. I wasn't fighting that integrity knight due to some personal grudge or hatred directed at her, that certainly wasn't my reasoning for fighting... But... But I really can't find it within myself to forgive the integrity knights. It's not just their ridiculous strength, if they had that resolve... if they possessed the heart to protect everyone living in the Human World, then why can't they use that power and..."
Eugeo faltered, unable to speak any further. However, Kirito, who staggered up and picked his black sword from the floor, nodded as though he understood.
"I'm pretty sure those guys are stuck with their own doubts. If we meet with that Knight Commander person, we might find out more about that... Eugeo, your full control art was amazing. You're the one who beat those knights. So there's no need for you to aim your hatred at those humans, Fanatio and those knights in the «Four Oscillation Blades», any longer..."
"Humans... Yeah... you're right. I understood that much when I fought them. She's human; that's why she was so strong."
When Eugeo muttered that, Kirito let out a slight laugh and agreed.
"Those guys might say that they're truly the good guys, and they might truly be the bad guys in your eyes, but they're living humans just like us. Deciding who's truly good or bad like that is impossible for humans, I'm sure."
Those words sounded like he was voicing them so that he could also believe in them; a thought suddenly came to Eugeo.
—Kirito. Don't you think that would apply to the one whom you got so angry over earlier as well, the highest minister, Administrator... the one with an ironclad rule over the Axiom Church and consequently, the world?
But before he could ask, Kirito had already started to walk towards Fanatio who lay fallen before the grand doors.
He took five, six steps before pivoting back and retrieving a small bottle after searching in his pocket.
"Oops, forgot about this. Get rid of the kids' poison with this, please. Be sure to break those venomous swords and check if they're holding onto anything else strange before you make them drink it."
Thinking about how he had forgotten about them as well, Eugeo caught the small bottle Kirito tossed and nodded.
After standing up, pulling the Blue Rose Sword from the floor, and turning around, the young female knights, Fizel and Linel, were in the same condition, lying on the floor, paralyzed. The frost covering the surroundings had already vanished and it didn't seem they had suffered any injuries from the ice tendrils or light rays.
The moment their eyes met with Eugeo approaching them, the girls sulked by averting their eyeballs which were all that were mobile.
Looks like we won't be seeing eye-to-eye in a different sense from Fanatio's case here; he held back a sigh as he crouched down and pulled out the two venomous swords, thrust into the floor by the tip of their noses, with both hands. Tossing them both into the air, he swung the Blue Rose Sword a single time as they came spinning down.
The short swords were demolished without difficulty, turning into specks of light and vanishing as they lost all Life before they fell onto the floor. Sheathing his beloved sword, he squatted down beside the pair and checked over their ascetic clothes to see if they possessed any other weapons while apologizing with a "sorry".
Lastly, he uncorked the small bottle and poured the seventy percent left of its content into both of their mouths, sparing half to each of them. With this, the pair should be able to recover from their paralysis in a little less than ten minutes like Eugeo.
It would be fine leaving them alone like this, but Eugeo then thought, "What would Kirito say in a situation like this?", and thus, opened his mouth after thinking for a short bit.
"...Fanatio and Kirito are that strong because they have their sacred instruments and armament full control arts... that might be what the two of you think, being who you are, but that's wrong. Those two are much, much stronger... they could fight on even when hurt that badly not through their skills or weapons, but through their heart and mind; that's also why they can use such amazing art rituals. True, the two of you may be experienced with techniques for murdering humans. But killing and winning are completely different matters. I didn't notice that until today as well, though..."
Eugeo had absolutely no idea how much of his own words reached them as they kept their eyes averted as usual. In the first place, he wasn't very good at dealing with children.
But still, at the very least, the pair should have felt something after watching that battle as well, he was sure of that. When he recalled that innocent idle chatter from Fizel and Linel, he felt that he could believe them to not be truly bad as well. Turning around after a simple "see you", Eugeo ran after Kirito.
He quickly ran his eyes left and right as he moved through the extraordinarily devastated cloister, checking on the status of the four knights serving under Fanatio.
It appeared all of them had suffered rather deep wounds from the spear of light that went berserk as they had all collapsed. But as expected of integrity knights, he couldn't spot any completely devoid of Life. Their bleeding was minor as well, so they would likely be able to move soon enough.
However, unlike them who were only dragged into the small explosions, Fanatio had received the entirety of the huge, rushing spear of darkness and was clearly on the verge of losing her life, even without looking at all that blood spilled in a large area around the fallen woman.
Coming to a standstill near Kirito who knelt on a knee by the knight's side, Eugeo silenced his breath as he peeked in over his partner's shoulders.
Looking at them up close, the wounds all over Fanatio's body were so horrifying, he wanted to turn his eyes away. Her torso and legs had holes pierced by heat rays in four spots, while her right arm was torn by the ice roses' thorns and on top of that, scorched by the aftermath of the Heaven Piercing Sword's final attack, leaving practically no place unhurt.
However, as expected, what appeared to be the most terrible was the wound on her upper abdomen that had suffered a direct hit from the Gigas Cedar. There was a gaping cavity, as deep and large as an adult-sized fist, with fresh blood flowing incessantly. The face with her eyelids shut had changed into a faint bluish-purple, like her armor's color had made its way there, and not even a trace of vitality could be spotted.
Kirito was in the process of trying out sacred arts to mend the wound as he held his hands over Fanatio's abdomen. The Stacia Window likely wasn't open because looking at her Life served no purpose at the moment. Noticing Eugeo approaching, he kept his face down and spoke with urgency in his tone.
"Help me out here, the blood won't stop."
"Ah... yeah."
Nodding and getting down on his knees opposite, he put his hands to the same wound. After he chanted the same luminous-type healing art as the one he had used on Kirito earlier, the blood flowing from the wound seemed to have reduced somewhat, but the goal of sealing it was still far off.
It was evident the surrounding sacred power would soon be exhausted and the both of them would be unable to generate luminous elements even if they persisted in the healing. Fanatio would probably recover some Life temporarily if they transferred theirs, but that was useless in the end if the blood loss wasn't stemmed. As it was, saving the woman's life would require assistance from a sacred art user capable of stronger healing arts than the pair, or a legendary elixir.
Firmly biting his lips as he quietly stared at Kirito's face, Eugeo spoke after a moment of hesitation.
"It's impossible, Kirito. She's losing too much blood."
Kirito kept his eyes cast down for a while, but soon answered in a hoarse voice.
"I know... but if I don't give up on thinking, there... there should be some kind of way to get through this. Eugeo, I'm begging you, please think about it too."
That expression was filled with a sense of powerlessness, much like when he was unable to prevent that malicious act on their valet trainees, Ronye and Tiezé, two days ago; Eugeo felt a prickling sensation in his chest.
However, no matter how much he thought, it was still obvious that there was no method to call back the life now fading away before his very eyes. The thought of healing the four knights fallen behind and having them help with the treatment flashed through his mind, but they definitely didn't have the time to afford carrying out such an oblique method. Fanatio's Life would likely be lost for all eternity in the seconds after either Kirito or Eugeo stopped their healing arts. And even if they continued with them—the same conclusion would arrive several minutes later.
Eugeo made up his mind and informed his partner in the most solemn voice he could muster.
"Kirito. —You told me this when we escaped from the underground jail, didn't you? That I would need to be prepared to cut down any enemy if I were to go any further. Weren't you fighting this person on the basis of that resolve earlier? Didn't you use that skill determined to have one of you die with the other living on? At the very least, this person... Fanatio-san did not hesitate. Her expression showed that she put her entire life on the line... that's what I believe. You should understand that too, Kirito... it wasn't at a stage where you could win while worrying about your enemies or going easy on them."
That was what turning not a wooden sword, but a real sword towards an opponent meant in the end. Eugeo had learnt that through his trembling hands, the sharp pain in his right eye, and the icy terror deep in his chest when he sliced off Humbert's arm.
That said, he had always believed this black-haired partner of his had understood that long ago—from before they met in the forest south of Rulid.
Upon hearing Eugeo's voice, Kirito gnashed his teeth together and endlessly shook his head left and right.
"I understand... I have to understand. Both this person and I fought seriously... a close, earnest fight where either of us could have won. But... this person will disappear if she dies! She has lived over a hundred years... in hesitation, in love, in pain; I can't just let a soul like that vanish... I mean... even if I die..."
Even if he dies—what was he trying to imply? All humans will have their souls brought before the goddess of life, Stacia, when they exhaust their Life, and vanish from the Human World. As long as Kirito, despite his many mysteries, was a human, that should apply to him as well.
Eugeo momentarily became bewildered, but that was erased as Kirito looked straight up and yelled without warning.
"Can you hear me?! Knight Commander! Your deputy's going to die here! Or that elder person's fine too! If you can hear me, come down here and help!!"
His scream echoed softly from the high ceiling far above and vanished in vain. However, Kirito did not give up and continued shouting.
"Anyone's fine... there're still some of you integrity knights around, aren't there?! Come and help your ally! I don't care whether you're a minister or an ascetic... just get your butt over here!!"
There was no response from above, but silence from the likenesses of the three goddesses, broken beyond recognition. Not even a gentle breeze descended upon them, let alone the presence of another being.
When they looked back down, the hue of Fanatio's hair and skin were becoming unmistakably more pallid. Her remaining Life was a hundred, or perhaps fifty—Eugeo, who wanted to send off the deputy leader of the integrity knights, Fanatio Synthesis Two, departing for the Celestial World with at least a silent prayer, tried to persuade Kirito otherwise, but he did not cease his screams.
"I'm begging you... someone! Help us out if you're watching! ...That's right, come here, Cardinal! Cardinal..."
Kirito sank into silence as though something had blocked his throat all of a sudden.
Eugeo looked up and watched his partner's face in shock, as it first showed a surprised expression, then a moment of hesitation before it turned into determination.
"H-Hey... what is it all of a sudden?"
However, Kirito thrust his right hand into his coat breast without replying.
What he took out—swaying on the end of a slender chain, was a small steel dagger.
"Kirito—! That's-!!"
Eugeo instinctively shouted.
The same dagger dangled around Eugeo's neck. He couldn't possibly have forgotten about it; it was the dagger that Cardinal, the previous highest minister before she was banished, had given them before they left the Great Library Room. It possessed absolutely no offensive ability, but it connected the one stabbed by it temporarily to Cardinal's domain. She had handed them over, with Eugeo's meant for Alice and Kirito's meant for Administrator, to function as a trump card for the duo.
"You can't, Kirito! Cardinal said she didn't have any more prepared... that's supposed to be for the battle against Administrator..."
"I know..."
Kirito groaned in a pained voice.
"But I can help her if I use this... not helping someone out even when I have the means to do so... I just can't prioritize anything to be higher than a human's life."
He gazed intently at the dagger with a expression, pained, yet filled with a resolute determination—
Kirito stabbed what he was holding in his right hand into Fanatio's left hand, the only part of her body that wasn't injured, without any trace of hesitation.
In that instant, the entire dagger radiated a dazzling light along with its chain.
Without even the time to swallow his breath, the dagger disassembled into several bands of purple light. Upon study, all of the light bands were lines of sacred letters just like those that appeared in the Stacia Window. The intricate letters separated from each other as they glided into the air and sank in everywhere over Fanatio's body.
The entire integrity knight was enveloped in a purple aura along with the complete disintegration of the dagger. Eugeo gawked at the amazing spectacle, then noticed the bleeding from the wound on her upper abdomen had completely ceased, somewhat belatedly.
"Kirito—"
Eugeo tried to tell him that the bleeding had stopped, but was interrupted by a resounding voice that immediately came out of nowhere.
[Goodness me, what a helpless fellow you are.]
Kirito snapped his face up as though it were repelled.
"Cardinal... is that you?!"
[There's no time, don't ask the obvious.]
There was no doubt that the lovely voice and impudent obtuse manner belonged to the previous highest minister they had encountered in the Great Library Room.
"Cardinal... sorry, I..."
Cardinal bluntly cut off Kirito's anguished voice as he tried to talk.
[There's no point apologizing now. ...I figured it might end up this way since I saw how you fought. I understand your circumstances; I will handle the treatment for Fanatio Synthesis Two. However, I will be taking her body over here as it will take time for her to recover completely.]
The purple light wrapping around Fanatio's figure shone brightly as the voice mentioned so. Eugeo involuntarily closed his eyes and by the time he opened them again, the integrity knight was already—surprisingly enough, this included the pool of blood spread over the floor—nowhere to be seen.
Several of the fragmented sacred letters could still be seen drifting through the air. Cardinal's voice was channelled through them as their flickering overlapped, the volume gradually falling.
[Those bugs have already noticed, so I'll make this brief. Judging from the situation, the possibility of Administrator still being in her unawakened state is high at the present moment. If you reach the highest floor before that woman awakens, you could deal with her without using the dagger. Hurry... there aren't many integrity knights left...]
Eugeo felt the invisible conduit that linked to the Great Library Room's domain was rapidly closing. Cardinal's voice proceeded into the distance and just before her presence disappeared, the specks of light in the air flickered and fell onto the floor as they took corporeal form.
What tumbled atop the marble with a refreshing note were two small glass bottles.
Kirito stared at the bottles the shade of lapis lazuli as though his energy had been sapped, but soon reached his arm out to pick both up at the same time. Looking up, he held one between his fingertips and offered it.
While dropping the bottle into Eugeo's outstretched palm, Kirito murmured in a low tone.
"...Sorry for that mess, Eugeo."
"Nah... you haven't done anything worth apologizing for. It just surprised me a little."
When he said so with a wan smile, Kirito finally showed a small one as well. Standing up while wobbling slightly, he flicked off the small bottle's cork.
"Seeing as she's going to the bother of sending us refreshments, let's accept it with thanks."
Standing after his partner, Eugeo pulled the cork off the small bottle and drank down the fluid it contained in a single gulp. He couldn't quite call it delicious even if he were to try being polite; he grimaced at its sourness that resembled siral water devoid of sugar, but it felt refreshing like cold water pouring upon his consciousness, exhausted from the lengthy battle. It seemed that their half-depleted Lives were recovering rapidly as well, with the remaining wounds on Kirito's limbs mending in the blink of an eye.
"Amazing... it would have been great if she had sent a whole bunch of these, rather than just these two while she was at it."
When Eugeo said so without thinking, Kirito shrugged his shoulders with a cynical smile.
"If they have a priority as high as this, it would probably take a long time to convert them into da... art rituals and transfer them. Instead, you should be looking at how fast she... uwah!?"
All of a sudden, Kirito let out an agitated voice and sprung aside, so Eugeo stared at his partner in puzzlement.
"Wh-What is it, all of a sudden?"
"Eu-Eugeo... don't move, no, don't look down."
"Hah?"
It would be harder to not look down when told such a thing. Instinctively looking down at his own feet, Eugeo found that something had got there without his notice and screamed.
"Eek!?"
Its length was roughly fifteen cen. Countless slender legs stuck out from its long and flat torso, split into minuscule segments, and its front half was atop Eugeo's shoe. The ball-shaped tip that was apparently its head possessed a row of over ten small, red eyes and two terrifyingly long, needlelike horns protruded from its two sides, slowly swaying independently of each other. It was a sort of insect—that might have been it, but its weird appearance could only have been described as repulsive. Insects are abundant in the forest south of Rulid, but he had never seen one with such an appearance before.
Eugeo froze as his mind overloaded, but the weird insect searched its surroundings with its horns for another three seconds before it decided to try and gently creep up his trousers from his shoe, so he sprung up with yet another scream.
"Eek...!!"
When he violently stamped down, the insect fell off onto its back, but it immediately spun about and rapidly crept between his legs. Unable to stand it climbing up again, Eugeo jumped up and down over and over again, but a particular disaster occurred upon landing after jumping numerous times.
Following a harsh 'kusha' noise, the sensation of a lumpy and sticky object splattering open made itself known to Eugeo's sole while the bug was magnificently pulverized under his right shoe.
Brilliant orange bodily fluid squirted in all directions and a pungent, offensive stench hung in the air. Eugeo got close to losing consciousness as he saw the torn-off leg still hopping about, but he desperately held down his fear, aware that this was no situation to faint, and looked up at Kirito in a bid for assistance.
When he did so, the partner with whom he was connected heart-to-heart was apparently now three mel away and slowly backing off even further.
"Hey... heey! Don't you dare run away!"
Against that shrill accusation, Kirito shook his head that had turned blue left and right in small movements.
"Sorry, I can't really handle stuff like that."
"I can't handle them either! At all!"
"Hey, don't bugs like that usually draw in another ten or so when one dies?"
"Don't even speak of such things!!"
Determined to share his fate with his partner even if he had to embrace him, Eugeo crouched in preparation to hurl himself at him, but he froze again upon a purple light abruptly shining from under his feet.
The disgusting remains were just dispersing into beads of light when he timidly looked down. The viscous fluid, husk, and such vanished without a trace before seconds had even passed and Eugeo let out a long sigh of relief from deep inside.
Apparently assured from far away that it had vanished, Kirito finally came back after the whole affair had already been settled and spoke out in a solemn tone.
"...So that's it. That just now was a familiar released by Administrator to search for Cardinal. So it sniffed out the passage to the library room..."
"......"
Eugeo scowled at Kirito with upturned eyes, showing a slight resentment, then reluctantly replied that he understood.
"Then... that means there're a whole bunch of these creatures prowling around this tower? But we haven't seen a single one until now."
"Look, when we escaped into the library room from the rose garden, there was that rustling noise from behind the door, right? They're normally hidden away well, but that said, there's no meaning in going around to look for them. Besides... Cardinal mentioned something strange, didn't she... that Administrator was unawakened, or something like that..."
"Aah, now that you bring it up... That essentially meant that she's sleeping? She has already gone to bed despite the sun still out?"
Kirito rubbed his chin for a while at Eugeo's question and then answered as though he didn't understand either.
"Cardinal also said that Administrator and the integrity knights are overexerting themselves in various ways in exchange for living for hundreds of years. Especially Administrator who seems to spend most of each day sleeping, but... in that case, what exactly happens to her control over the integrity knights and the bugs like the one just now...?"
Sunk into thought for several more seconds with his head looking down, he soon responded to himself while mussing his forelocks about.
"Well, we'll naturally find out if we continue to climbing. —Putting that aside, Eugeo, could you please take a look at my back?"
"H-Hah?"
Kirito spun to show his back to Eugeo who looked on in mute confusion. He ran his eyes over it while at a loss, but there wasn't really anything strange about the black fabric of his coat aside from the damage to it, proportionate to the recurring battles.
"There's... nothing special about it, though..."
"How do I describe this... are there any small bugs clinging on? Like a spider or something like that."
"Nope, there's nothing like that, though."
"I see, that's fine, then. —Well then, once again, let's continue on, to the second half of our journey!"
Eugeo chased after Kirito, who began to walk briskly towards the cloister's northern end after that, in a fluster.
"Hey, what was that just now?!"
"It's nothing, really."
"You're making me curious, take a look at my back too!"
"Like I said, it's really nothing."
During their light conversation, an occurrence which had repeated countless times since they had left Rulid Village, Eugeo softly murmured within his heart what he truly wished to ask.
Why were you, capable of keeping your cool in any situation, so distraught before the death of Fanatio, an enemy—and what was to follow those words, [even if I die]—
Kirito, just who... are you...?
The black-clothed swordsman who stood still before the humongous doors, possibly several times his height, reached out with both his hands and pushed them open to the sides with vigour. In that instant, a chilly gale blew through and Eugeo turned his face away slightly.
Part 3[edit]
What lay beyond the grand doors was a chamber roughly as spacious as the stairwell on the southern side of the large corriders through which Eugeo and Kirito had ascended. It was rectangular in shape as well, with the deep blue northern sky visible through the long and narrow windows lined up along the opposing wall.
However, an essential element couldn't be seen on the floor set with chequered black and white tiles—the grand staircase that should lead towards the fifty-first floor.
No matter how many times they scanned the spacious chamber, no ladders, or even a single strand of rope could be found. There was only a single strange, circular cavity in the middle of the sleek and smooth floor, and not a single path meant to proceed upwards entered Eugeo's vision.
"Th... There are no stairs."
Muttering in surprise as he stepped into the dim hall behind Kirito, Eugeo felt a stream of cold air on his neck and hunched his shoulders. It seemed his partner noticed it as well, as the pair concurrently looked straight up.
"...Wha..."
"What the heck..."
And the pair jointly became speechless.
There was no ceiling. A space, no, shaft the same shape as the chamber extended beyond what their sight could perceive. They couldn't even estimate how much higher it continued, sunk in a cerulean darkness.
After they returned their eyes from the distant height, they realized this chasm might not be an entirely vacant space. Doors, smaller than the one behind the pair, were embedded in the surface of the wall at the corresponding heights for each level from the fifty-first floor onwards, each with an elongated terrace extending close to the middle of the chasm.
In other words, they could break into the floors above if they could reach those terraces—that certainly was the case.
Eugeo extended his right hand and casually tried to jump up without thinking.
"...No way that would have reached..."
He murmured with a sigh. Even the closest terrace was, naturally enough, set higher than the ceiling in the «Grand Cloister of Spiritual Light» behind them and thus, over twenty mel even through liberal estimations.
Kirito, who looked up in the same manner at the side, asked in a feeble voice.
"Look... I'm just confirming here, but there aren't any sacred arts to fly, right?"
"Nope."
A merciless, instantaneous reply.
"I mean, flying in the air's a privilege reserved solely for integrity knights, isn't it? And those guys don't even fly through arts; they ride their flying dragons..."
"So... how exactly do the humans here go back and forth between the fifty-first floor and onwards?"
"Who knows..."
The pair tilted their heads in sync. It would be preferable to avoid it, but there might be no other way but to return to the grand cloister and ask for the method to head up from the collapsed underlings of Fanatio—it happened the moment they were thinking that.
"Hey, something's coming."
Kirito whispered in a nervous voice.
"Eh?"
He looked up at the chasm again as instructed.
He certainly saw something approaching. As though brushing past the ends of the protruding terraces that appeared as lines, a black shadow was gently descending towards them.
As he leapt away to the back with Kirito and positioned his hand on his sword grip, Eugeo firmly stared at the approaching shadow.
It was in the shape of a perfect circle. Perhaps with a diameter of two mel or so? It seemed like a metallic disk with how its edge could be seen glinting eerily each time it caught the blue light shining in from the slender windows. However, why could such a thing gracefully descend in a space without supports or anything of that sort?
Eugeo's ears discerned a queer noise going, "whoosh", when the disk passed by the terrace two floors above at a constant speed. His neck noticed a cold breeze each time.
Eugeo neither ran, nor drew his sword; he simply stood still, dumbfounded, and gazed at how the disk grazed the terrace overhead and descended before the pair. When the hovering disk closed in until only a mel away, a small hole opened at the center of its underside and he noticed the air blasting out from there was the cause of the mysterious noise and wind.
However, how could a metal disk float with merely wind power—he questioned as the whooshing noise steadily grew and the metallic disk's rate of descent rapidly fell, finally coming to a stop as it neatly wedged into the circular cavity, bored into the stone floor, with only a bump and a slight quiver.
The top surface of the disk was polished smooth like a mirror. Detailed craftsmanship went into the silver handrails installed on the circular edge. A glass pipe measuring roughly one mel in length and fifty cen in thickness stood straight up in the center—a single young girl silently stood there with both her two hands on the top of the pipe, rounded in a dome shape.
"......!?"
Eugeo retreated another step as he put strength into his right hand supported by his sword's grip. He heightened his guard, thinking this might be a new integrity knight.
But he immediately noticed the girl wasn't equipped with even a single dagger on her waist or back. Her garment, a plain, black long skirt, appeared ill-fitting for combat as well. The only embellishment to speak of was the modest, see-through hem knitted onto the white apron that hung from her chest to below her knees, which meant she worn no other accessories on herself.
Her light brown hair, slightly grayed, was cut straight at her eyebrows and shoulders, with hardly any distinguishing features on her pale facial complexion. It was well-ordered but without even a shred of emotion. Eugeo felt her approximate age was a little younger, but he didn't have any confidence that it truly was.
Who exactly is this girl; Eugeo tried to look at the girl's eyes, but he couldn't even discern their color as they were hidden by her lowered eyelashes. The girl, who made no attempt at all to look at the pair's faces even after the disk stopped, took her hands off the strange glass pipe and placed them together at the front of her apron, then bowed her head further and let out her voice for the first time.
"Thank you for your patience. Which floor are you heading for, dear sirs?"
A voice that possessed the minimum level of vocal intonation and revealed no sort of emotion at all. Eugeo didn't hear even a fragment of anything resembling animosity, so he gently took his hand off his sword. The girl's words repeated once more in his mind.
"Which floor... wait... Then, you're willing to bring us to the floors above?"
When he asked half in belief, half in doubt, the girl brought down her head that had returned to its original position once again.
"Certainly. May I know your desired floor?"
"Well... even if you say that..."
Having thought that everyone who would appear before them in the cathedral would be an enemy, Eugeo faltered, not knowing what to say immediately. Kirito, standing at his side, then spoke in a carefree tone; Eugeo didn't know what exactly was going on in that head either.
"Erm, we're the wanted ones who invaded the cathedral... wouldn't there be a problem with us riding on that ele, no, disk?"
The girl then slightly tilted her head, but instantly returned it to its original position and answered.
"My sole task is the operation of this elevating disk. I have not received orders on anything else that doesn’t pertain to that."
"I see. Then allow me to take you up on your offer."
Kirito began briskly walking in the direction of the disk while speaking those easygoing words, so Eugeo called out in a panicked voice.
"H-Hey, you sure it's fine?"
"Well, it doesn't look like there's anything other way to get up."
"That's... true, but still..."
Eugeo was amazed how he could ride such a strange object with barely any caution immediately after going through all of that with the two adolescent integrity knights, but it was true that neither of them had the slightest idea about how to move the disk. Reassuring himself by thinking how they could jump onto some terrace even if it was a trap, he followed behind his partner.
After the pair boarded the disk through the break in the luxurious railings, Kirito peered at the glass pipe with a curious look as he informed the girl.
"Erm, then please bring us to the highest floor we can go."
"Very well. Then we shall now proceed to the eightieth floor, «Cloudtop Garden». Kindly stay within the boundaries of the handrails."
A response came back in no time at all and with yet another bow, the girl placed her two hands atop the pipe. She took in a breath of air—
"System call. Generate aerial element."
The sudden art ritual chant flustered Eugeo, interpreting it as an attack, but that didn’t appear to be the case. After all, the aerial elements that appeared, gleaming green, were inside the transparent pipe. But he got another shock upon seeing their numbers. There were a whole ten of them—she must be a rather high ranking art user to generate this many elements in one go.
The girl pointed out her right thumb, index, and middle fingers among the ten slender fingers she had on the glass pipe and softly muttered.
"Burst element."
Three of the aerial elements shot out with a green flash in that moment, causing a growl to well up from below. The metallic disk ridden by three humans instantly began to ascend as though pulled along by an invisible hand.
"So that's it! So that's how it works, huh."
Eugeo finally understood the basis behind how the disk rose and fell with Kirito's apparently delighted voice. Aerial elements were released within the glass pipe running through the disk, which allowed the weight of three humans and the disk itself to be lifted up by discharging the resultant explosive gust downwards.
It was a simple mechanism now that he understood it, but the disk's movement was smooth to the point of nearly not feeling anything. Aside from the pressure he somewhat felt at the start of the ascent, it slid through the air with hardly any jolting.
The fiftieth floor promptly disappeared into the distance below and Eugeo was once again made aware that this small disk could rise to the cathedral's eightieth floor, that is, a height high enough to touch the clouds. Wiping his sweaty palms on his trousers, he tightly gripped onto the railings.
Kirito by his side, however, had a calm expression on as though he had ridden something similar in the past, admiring the setup as he oohed and aahed, though his interest soon shifted from the disk to the human operating it and asked upon looking at the girl.
"How long have you been doing this job?"
The girl responded with a very slightly puzzled voice, her face still hidden.
"This will be the hundred and seventh year since this sacred task has been bestowed upon me."
"A hun..."
Forgetting even about the void below his feet, Eugeo widened his eyes. He haltingly questioned in Kirito's place.
"A-A hundred and seven years... you've been operating this disk that whole time!?"
"I haven't been operating it... the whole time. I do receive a meal break in the afternoon and of course, I am allowed to rest at night."
"E-Erm... that's not really what I..."
—No.
That was how it was. This girl must also have had her Life frozen like the integrity knights, and live atop this single metal disk for what could be said to be an eternity.
Eugeo believed that fate was far more cruel, more forsaken, and more bleak than even that of the integrity knights, who devoted their unlimited time to battle.
The metallic disk slowly but steadily ascended. The girl concealed all emotion below her lowered eyelashes, creating aerial elements anew whenever they were spent, and releasing them yet again. Eugeo wondered how many times had she repeated that verse, "burst", muttered with each cycle, but of course, it was easily beyond his imagination.
"You... what's your name?"
Kirito suddenly asked.
The girl inclined her head for the longest time so far, before replying in a murmur.
"My name... I cannot remember it. All of the dear sirs and madams have referred to me as «Elevating Operator». Elevating Operator... that is my name."
It seemed even Kirito had no response for this. Eugeo, who had inadvertently counted the passing terraces and was now over twenty, felt an urge to fill the silence pressing behind him and opened his mouth.
"...Hey... hey, we're here to defeat the important people of the Axiom Church. Those who charged you with this sacred task."
"I see."
That was all the girl replied with. But Eugeo continued with his words, probably without any particular goal in mind.
"If... the church cease to exist and you get freed from this sacred task, what will you do...?"
"...Freed...?"
After repeating that in an unsteady tone, the girl named Elevating Operator kept up her silence as they passed by another five terraces.
Having taken a look up, Eugeo realized a gray ceiling had appeared in their way unawares. That must be the base of the cathedral's eightieth floor. They were finally about to step foot into the true core of the Axiom Church.
"I... know nothing of the world aside from this elevating disk."
The girl suddenly spoke in faltering words.
"As such... I am unable to decide upon a new sacred task even at your insistence... however, if you meant it in the sense of something I wish to do..."
Her face that had been lowered this entire time raised and the girl gazed at the long and narrow windows on the wall at the right—at the clear northern skies that lay beyond them.
"...I would like to fly freely on this elevating disk... in those skies..."
The girl's eyes he finally saw now were a deep, deep indigo blue, much like the blue skies at the height of summer.
The instant the final aerial element twinkled out of existence, the disk reached the thirtieth terrace and gently came to a stop.
The elevating operator girl took her hands off the glass pipe, placed them together before her apron, and took a deep bow.
"Thank you for your patience, we have arrived at the eightieth floor, «Cloudtop Garden»."
"...Thanks."
Both Eugeo and Kirito lowered their heads and walked onto the terrace from the disk.
The girl lifted her head no more, and after another mild bow, she entrusted the disk's descent to the weakening aerial element. The gushing sound, like a cold wintry wind, immediately faded off into the distance and its form vanished into the depths of the blue darkness; that small steel world, confined for all of eternity.


Eugeo took a deep breath without realizing it.
"...I thought my last sacred task was the worst in the world when it came to being endless, but..."
After he murmured that, Kirito raised his eyebrows and glanced at him.
"So it had been enough of a blessing that I could retire after growing old and becoming unable to swing that axe; when I compare it to that girl's sacred task, it's just..."
"Cardinal said that freezing a person's Life from reducing naturally through art rituals is no protection against the soul's aging. That it would slowly encroach on one's memories and that person would eventually break."
Kirito, who replied in a depressed tone, swung his body with force, as though trying to sever that line of thought, and turned his back on the deep shaft.
"What the Axiom Church is doing is wrong. That's why we're here to defeat Administrator. But that's not the end to everything, Eugeo. The real challenges lie beyond that..."
"Eh...? Don't we just have to leave the rest to Cardinal-san from earlier if we defeat Administrator?"
Kirito moved his lips when Eugeo asked, as though he was about to say something, but an uncertainty unlike his usual decisive self appeared in his black eyes and he ended up averting his face.
"Kirito...?"
"...No, let's talk more about that after we recover Alice. This isn't any time to be thinking about unnecessary stuff."
"That's... true, but still."
Kirito began to walk across the terrace at a brisk pace, as though escaping from the look emanating from Eugeo as he tilted his head. Eugeo chased after him with an inexplicable emotion, but a feeling of tension welling from the depths of his body swept away his flimsy doubts in the blink of an eye after the huge doors towering at the end of the short terrace entered their view.
Seeing how five integrity knights had gathered on the fiftieth floor, the person coordinating the countermeasures against intruders—likely the Chief Elder person Fanatio had mentioned had intended to stop the two of them there by all means. The fact that they had actually repelled the knights' fierce assault and achieved victory somehow must have been close to a miracle.
Them breaking through that defensive line and climbing up this close to the highest floor was sure to have that Chief Elder finally sending out those with high battle potential without reserve. The «Knight Commander» along with all of the remaining integrity knights, as well as the high ranking sacred art users, those priests and ascetics, might be lying in wait beyond this door, for example—such a thing was relatively possible.
But as long as there is no other path, we can do nothing but break through any barrier standing before us from the front.
We can do it. With both Kirito and me here.
Eugeo firmly exchanged looks with his partner, standing at his side, and they nodded together. Reaching out with their hands simultaneously, they placed their palms on the left and right doors respectively and energetically pushed them.
The stone doors began slowly opening to the left and right with a leaden noise.
"......!"
His five senses absorbed the colors spreading out before his eyes, the babble of water, and a fragrant scent at that moment, causing a brief dizziness.
There was no mistake that they were inside the tower. The same white marble as the floors below could be seen at the far end.
However, the spacious floor wasn't covered in stone like how it had been thus far. Instead, a thick, cushy lawn was thriving there. Sacred flowers of various colors, apparently the source of the scent, were in full bloom here and there on the lawn.
What astonished him further was a small, pure stream flowing a short distance away, its water surface glittering with light. A slender brick path stretched out from the door the pair stood at, cutting through the lawn, and continued on after a wooden bridge spanning over the small stream.
A small hill appeared to be beyond the stream. The path snaked up over the inclining ground with an abundance of blooming flowers. Having followed the path with his sight, Eugeo noticed a single tree growing at the crown of the hill.
It wasn't that large as a tree. He could spot dark-green leaves and small, orange flowers in the shape of a cross on the thin branches. Solus's light, streaming in from the window on the wall near the ceiling far above, precisely cast onto the tree and its countless flowers sparkled as if they were made of gold.
Its glassy, thin trunk also bathed in the sunlight and shone—and at its base, too, was a remarkably dazzling golden splendor—
"Ah......"
Eugeo was unaware of the quiet sound that escaped from his own mouth.
Each and every thought he had came to a standstill the instant he saw that girl sitting against the tree trunk with her eyelids closed.
As if she was a phantasm brought about by the sunlight beautifully streaming through the tree, all of the girl's form was bathed in golden light. The magnificent armor covering her upper body and arms was white with golden embellishments, her long skirt was pure white as well, with golden thread embroidered onto the fabric, and even her polished, white leather boots reflected an unblemished brilliance received from the sunlight streaming in.
However, what sparkled brightest was her plentiful, sinuous, long hair. The straight hair, that was like molten gold, drew a perfect arc as it flowed to her waist from her petite head, producing a cascade of sublime light.
A radiance he saw practically everyday, a long time ago in the past. He knew neither its value nor its transience, pulling on that hair in jest and tying twigs into it.
That golden brilliance, a representation of friendship, aspiration, and a nebulous affection, had transformed within just a single day, gaining no connotations but that of Eugeo's weakness, ugliness, and cowardice. And that glimmer he should have never been able to see again was now within his reach once more.
"Ah... Ali... ce..."
Without even noticing the hoarse voice spilling out from his own mouth, Eugeo tottered forward.
He raggedly followed the brick path. Neither the refreshing scent of the sacred flowers nor the soothing sound of the water registered in Eugeo's awareness any longer. Only the heat from his sweaty hand tightly clenched onto his coat breast and the dagger that seemed to pulse within the fabric secured Eugeo to this world.
Crossing the bridge spanning over the small stream, drawing near the slope. Already less than twenty mel to go until the crown of the hill.
When he looked up, he could clearly see the girl's face slightly turned downwards. No emotion at all showed on her white, practically translucent skin. She merely remained silent with her eyes shut, her mind seemingly drifting among the sunlight's warmth and the flowers' scent.
—Is she asleep?
If I get closer like this and just stab the dagger a little into those fingers interlocked above her lap... would that be the end to everything?
It was when that thought flashed into Eugeo's mind.
Alice's right hand rose without a sound and Eugeo's heart pounded as his feet stopped.
Her charming lips moved and a nostalgic voice reached his ears.
"Allow me a little more time. It has been a while since we had such good weather, so I would like to let this child bask in the sunlight further."
Her eyelids, framed by her golden eyelashes, gently lifted up.
The pair of eyes colored blue, matchless in the world, gazed straight into Eugeo’s.
Eugeo saw a vision of Alice's gaze softening, a smile forming on her lips.
However, the blue in her lucid eyes was not the gentle color of the sky it once was. It was the color of ice that had remained frozen for ten thousand years, unmelting regardless of how much sunlight it bathed in. Impaled by a gaze that regarded the intruders coldly, Eugeo could not move his legs.
As expected, a fight was unavoidable.
Even if she had lost her memories, he would have to draw his sword towards that girl, who was no doubt Alice Schuberg from Rulid. To return her to how she was. No matter how difficult he might find the battle to accept.
His body had felt Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty's true strength two days ago, when his cheek had been struck by her scabbard. Eugeo might have been taken unaware by that single hit, but he hadn’t even been able to follow it with his eyes. It would prove to be next to impossible to suppress a swordsman of such skill without suffering heavy injuries, wouldn't it?
She was no opponent to go easy on.
—Still, could I actually sever even a single strand of that golden hair?
Seeing as I can't even take another step forward, let alone draw my sword.
Kirito spoke from behind Eugeo, standing still from the sudden conflict, his words clear despite being somewhat hoarse.
"You aren't fighting here, Eugeo. Think only about properly stabbing Cardinal's dagger into Alice. I'll stop her attacks for you even at the cost of my own life."
"Bu... but."
"There's no other way, the situation will get worse the more we drag out the battle. I'll take Alice's first attack on instead of dodging and restrain her like that, so use that dagger right away. Got it?"
"......"
He firmly bit his lips. Ultimately, he had made Kirito the one who bled in both the battle against Deusolbert and the battle against Fanatio. Despite how this reckless plan of challenging the Axiom Church had originally stemmed from nothing more than Eugeo's personal agenda.
"...Sorry."
When he muttered with shame, Kirito replied in a tone a little closer to his usual.
"You don't have to apologize; I'll have you pay it all back several times over soon enough. ...Still, putting that aside..."
"...? What's the matter?"
"No... from what I can see, she doesn't look like she's armed. Besides... who was she talking about when she said, 'this child'...?"
Guided, he focused his eyes on Alice, still sitting atop the hill. Her eyelids were once again closed and slightly downcast; he looked at her waist, the golden scabbard that had been suspended there when they had first encountered her at the Sword Mastery Academy certainly wasn't there now.
"Maybe she leaves her sword behind when she's resting or something like that... That would be a great help, though."
Muttering in a tone that showed his lack of belief in such a thing, Kirito brushed against his black sword's grip with his left hand.
"It's not nice towards Alice, but it's not like we can go along with her until she's done basking in the sun. Whether she has a sword or not, challenging her now should prevent her from chanting the full control art at least. Honestly, it's the best we could hope for if we can settle this without her using that."
"I guess you're right... my full control art doesn't use up that much of my sword's Life, so I believe I can still use it another two times today, though..."
"That'll be helpful. That said, one more time's the limit on my side. And there should still be that Knight Commander guy after Alice. Well... let's go."
Kirito took a step forward with a small nod.
His mind made up, Eugeo followed behind.
Leaving the brick path snaking around the hill, they headed straight for the peak. Their footsteps on the lawn resonated.
Alice softly stood when the pair had climbed halfway up the hill. Her glacial eyes that revealed not even a single shred of emotion stared down at the pair beyond her languorous eyelids.
As though her glance had cast some sort of art ritual, his two feet grew heavy in that instant. Despite how it was obvious that no sword belt could be seen on Alice, Eugeo felt his feet refuse to approach the girl any further. Was fear carved into his body after just a single blow to his cheek? But even if that was so, Kirito's gait also seemed to have lost its strength as well, as he walked in front, didn't it?
"...At long last, you've made your way this far, haven't you."
Alice's clear voice shook the air once again.
"I judged that having Eldrie alone on alert in the rose garden would be sufficient to cope with the both of you even on the off chance that you could escape from the underground jail. However, you have eliminated him and moreover, cut down Deusolbert-dono and even Fanatio-dono who possessed sacred instruments, stepping onto the grounds of this «Cloudtop Garden»."
Her arched eyebrows formed into a faint scowl. The voice from her cherry blossom lips had a hushed sorrowful ring to it.
"What exactly is it that bestowed such power onto the two of you? Why exactly would you come to impact the tranquility of the Human World so? Why do you not understand that each integrity knight injured would be a considerable setback towards the preparations against the forces of darkness?"
—It's for you, that's all there is to it.
Eugeo cried out in his heart. But he knew it would mean nothing to Integrity Knight Alice standing before his eyes even if he voiced it out. Firmly clenching his teeth, Eugeo merely put his all into moving his feet forward.
"As I thought—it appears I shall have to ask with my sword. Very well... if that is what the two of you wish."
Her words like a sigh, Alice placed her right hand on the tree trunk by her side as a support.
But she not holding onto a sword—
Eugeo thought that at nearly the same time Kirito blurted out a "no way".
Light flashed out in the next instant and the smallish tree growing on the hill's peak disintegrated.
"——!?"
Somewhat belatedly, a fragrance, rich in sweetness and vitality, lavishly drifted by, then vanished without a trace.
Before they knew it, Alice's right hand held onto a familiar long sword with its slender form. Not only the scabbard, but everything from the guard to the pommel were made from a dazzling gold. A cross-shaped flower design decorated the guard.
Eugeo couldn't immediately understand what had occurred.
The tree had vanished, and the sword had appeared. In other words, that tree had transformed into the sword? But Alice hadn't articulated any art rituals. Even if this was simply an illusionary art or some super high ranking sacred art for transmutation, it was impossible to carry it out without reciting the ritual's verses.
No. If that tree had changed its appearance based purely on Alice's mental image—that would, essentially mean—
Having arrived at a conclusion a moment quicker, Kirito let out a deep moan.
"Crap, this isn't good... could that sword already be in its full control state?"
Scowling down at the pair who stood upright, Alice raised the sword horizontally with both hands.
Jyaa! The blade, unsheathed with a screech, had a bright golden yellow aura distinctly more intense than even the scabbard, radiantly glistening as it reflected Solus's light.
Kirito launched a savage assault a moment after. It was unclear what kind of power Alice's sword wielded, but he judged it likely that it would be best to bring it into a close-range fight before the control art was activated. Fiercely tearing up the green grass, he climbed eighty percent of the hill in a mere ten steps.
While gripping onto the chain at his chest, Eugeo frantically chased after his partner as well. Kirito seemed to have no intention of drawing his sword. It appeared he intended to stop Alice's first attack with his body as he had said. Even if that sealed her movement, it would hardly last for long. Thus, Eugeo definitely had to fulfill his role of stabbing her with the dagger without letting the chance escape.
Alice's expression didn't change one bit even while looking at the approaching black-clothed swordsman. With a motion that appeared carefree, she lightly brandished the sword in her right hand.
Kirito had yet to enter slashing range. It was therefore likely to be a far-range offensive art like Deusolbert's or Fanatio's. If that was the case, even if the initial attack stops Kirito's advance, Eugeo should still be able to get within range to stab her with the dagger by using that interval.
Settling his thoughts in an instant, Eugeo changed his approach to a different angle from Kirito's and kept running.
Alice's right hand softly swung forward.
The golden blade—vanished.
"!?"
To be accurate, it didn't vanish. It would be more accurate to say that it dispersed. The sword split into hundreds or thousands of flakes and assailed Kirito as a golden tempest.
"Guah!!"
Engulfed in an immeasurable shimmer, Kirito was knocked down, rendered immobile, with a groan.
Making full use of the opportunity contrived by his partner, Eugeo clenched his teeth and ran forward.
However, the golden wind that attacked Kirito didn't just stop there. It caused a noise like a chilly gale and turned to the left in midair, sweeping at Eugeo from the side.
He could hardly stay on his feet after such an impact. As though he was sent flying by a giant's palm, Eugeo collapsed onto the right as well.
Each flake, measuring less than a cen long, was of an absurd weight. Thrown onto the lawn, Eugeo experienced a burning pain over his entire left arm that had shielded his face the instant the golden zephyr assailed him and desperately held down his desire to scream and writhe.
The countless golden flakes, that had stopped the pair's assault so easily, drew an arc as they whirled and returned to Alice's side. However, they didn't turn back into the form of a sword but stayed drifting around the knight.
On closer examination, all of the small flakes were crosses formed by even smaller diamond shapes joined together. They were the same as the design on the guard—which meant they were the same shape as the flowers of that tree growing on the hill.
"—Are you mocking me? How could you even run towards me without drawing your sword?"
Alice rebuked them quietly without expressing even a speck of emotion as always.
"The attack earlier was meant to serve as a warning. However, the next will wipe out all of your Life. Show me all you have got; for the sake of all the knights the two of you have defeated thus far as well."
She went—easy?
Despite that absurd power...?
Within Eugeo's sight as he shivered from the depths of his heart, the innumerous golden flowers made a loud "jyakii" noise in tandem. When he looked harder, he saw the tips of the four petals, which have been smooth and rounded thus far, now tapered into a point sharper than a slender sword's tip. He wouldn't get away with just collapsing like earlier if he was struck by such a thing. His skin would be torn apart and it would probably even slice through his bones.
A profound dread transmuted itself into cold water and forced its way into Eugeo, numbing his limbs.
Even if there was only one of those golden flowers by itself, his Life would swiftly decrease if it cut through his vitals. And yet the flakes glistening around Alice now, like a magnificent shower of blossoms, numbered over two or three hundred. It would be impossible to deflect them all with a sword and even with that said, it was also next to impossible to dodge that storm of flowers capable of high-speed and unrestrained movement in the air. In other words, Alice's full control art was unbelievably complete and also almighty—
Yes, it was unbelievable.
The armament full control art with sacred instruments was certainly a powerful skill, but still, there were limits. This art's true nature is converting the «memories» possessed by the origins of the weapons, that is, whether it was hot, cold, hard, fast, and such, into an offensive ability and it couldn't help but deteriorate in other aspects, the more it specialized in one particular area.
Like Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio's full control art was repelled by a small mirror that Kirito created, as a result of specializing too much in piercing a single point with a concentrated light ray.
It was unknown what sort of existence that small tree once was that seemed to be the origin of Alice's sacred instrument, but if the power within it was divided so small, into such great numbers—that is, if it pursued only accuracy, each petal ought to have lost much more of their might. No matter how Eugeo thought about it, having one flake that wasn't even a cen long possess the clout of a giant's fist, as he had experienced with his own body, defied that theory.
If it could accomplish such a phenomenon, that slender tree that bloomed with orange flowers must have been given an ultra-high priority, surpassing even the origin of Kirito's sword, the «demonic tree», Gigas Cedar...
Kirito who had collapsed in front, to the left, seemed to have also thought of the same matter as Eugeo in an instant, as his raised side profile was pale with shock and fear.
However, he, who knew not the meaning of giving up, glanced at Eugeo with those eyes that retained their glint and moved his lips silently.
«Chant». —Get started on it.
Indeed, it was no longer possible to break through that storm of petals from the front. Hence, there was no choice but to shackle its master with the Blue Rose Sword's full control art. Alice had flourished the sword which had only the grip remaining in tune with the petals' movements earlier. In other words, that would mean the flower cloud wasn't manipulated entirely by its master's will.
Still unseemly knocked down, Eugeo gently brushed his left hand against the Blue Rose Sword's grip and began chanting the full control art at a volume that was practically inaudible. There was nothing more that could be done if Alice noticed and attacked, but Kirito should do something about that.
As he predicted, Kirito got up in an exaggerated motion, as Eugeo started the chant, and shouted in a tense voice.
"I wish to apologize for my disrespectful conduct towards the honorable integrity knight! I, Swordsman-in-training Kirito, would like to formally request anew, for a duel using ordinary swords with Integrity Knight Alice!"
After hitting his chest with his right fist and taking a bow, he held onto the sword at the left of his waist by its grip. The jet-black blade drew out with a loud and shrill "jyari" and was raised up high as though it was trying to split the golden light covering the knight into two.
Alice gazed hard at the black-clothed swordsman with those blue eyes that felt as though they could see through everything and replied after a single blink.
"—Very well, I shall test how deeply embedded your wicked hearts lie through swordsmanship."
She gently swung the grip in her right hand. And with that, the countless golden flowers swirling around whirled towards Alice's hand with the sound of flowing waves, leaving few gaps as they aligned themselves in front of the grasped handle. A metallic "jyakin" rang out and the flakes combined, returning to its form as a golden long sword.
Facing Alice, who positioned the sword in a middle stance with graceful motions and began to advance like that, was Kirito, who prepared his sword in a lower stance; he then called out to her once again.
"One of us will inevitably fall after an exchange of swords, so I implore you to tell me one thing beforehand. I believe that tree atop the hill earlier was your sacred instrument's form in bygone times, but why does such a small tree possess such power?"
It was obviously a question for buying time, but Kirito truly wanted to know the mystery behind the golden sword's full control art, probably. Of course, Eugeo was highly intrigued as well. He strained his ears while continuing the chant.
Alice came to a standstill after taking three steps forward. She kept her silence for a while, and then moved her lips in slight motions.
"There is no purpose in telling the two of you with your imminent deaths, but... I suppose it could serve as a diversion on your way to the Celestial World. My sacred instrument is named, «Fragrant Olive Sword». As its name implies, it was once a fragrant olive tree with no irregular aspects to it at all."
The fragrant olive was a small-sized tree that produces small orange-colored flowers in the autumn. It rarely grew naturally in the vicinity near Rulid, but now that she mentioned it, he had seen it countless times in the capital. It couldn't be said to be of a rare variety, like the Gigas Cedar of which only one existed in the world.
"Yes, it was merely a small tree as you've said. Except it was the only one to have lasted that long. —This place the Central Cathedral is built on now was the «Starting Land» bestowed upon the humans by the Goddess of Creation Stacia in the long-passed ancient times. A beautiful spring surged forth from the heart of that small village and a single fragrant olive grew on its bank... or so the first chapter says in the records of creation. That very tree was the original form of my sword. I hope you understand; this Fragrant Olive Sword is the oldest existence among all things of nature in the Human World."
"Wh... what did you..."
In comparison to the astonished Kirito, Alice continued constructing her words together without emotion.
"This sword is the reincarnated form of a tree given life by the goddess. Its attribute is «eternal immortality». Even one of those fluttering petals could split a rock it touched or break the ground... as you have tasted with your own body earlier. Do you understand what exactly you've been pointing your blade at?"
"...Yeah, I definitely get it now."
Kirito spoke with his persistently formal speech cast off.
"I see, it's the first immortal object set down by the goddess... so that's it, huh. Geez, the things coming at us are getting more and more ridiculous... even so, it's not like I can continue being all awestruck."
Kirito slowly swung the black sword, probably much inferior to the Fragrant Olive Sword even if they possess the same type of origin, into an upper stance and cried out.
"Now then, Integrity Knight Alice... let's start our match again!"
The air shook as the black-clothed swordsman kicked off the ground. He charged forward at Alice, standing on top of the hill, at a velocity that made it hard to believe he was moving uphill.
Regardless of how ridiculous Alice's sword was, Kirito must be thinking that he could gain the advantage if he brings out a consecutive hit skill in close-range combat. Fanatio could deal with the high-speed consecutive attacks in the earlier battle because she had learnt them through her personal circumstances; she should be an exception among the integrity knights.
As Kirito and Eugeo predicted, Alice obediently raised her sword overhead against Kirito's downwards slash. She wouldn't be able to guard her middle when the downwards slash connects to a middle one with her speed.
The sword Kirito swung down turned into a bolt of black lightning and collided with the Fragrant Olive Sword, throwing off bluish-white sparks.
However, it did not immediately continue into that theoretical second hit.
After all, compared to how Alice's sword had barely moved, Kirito, the one on the offensive, was heavily repelled backwards like he had hit a large rock with a twig, destroying his stance.
"Uoah..."
Turning towards Kirito who had lost his balance on the slanted surface and staggered for two, three steps, Alice approached with footwork as smooth as a flowing stream.
Even the fingers on her outstretched left hand were pointing out. Her body was extended wide, her golden sword raised straight behind. It was a traditional style that couldn't be said to be fit for actual combat unlike the Aincrad style, but her appearance when coupled with her flowing golden hair and fluttering skirt was sublime like a framed painting.
"Eeeh!"
The sword drew a semi-circle as it launched an attack alongside that shrill and clear scream. The speed was frightening. But those movements were far too exaggerated.
Having recovered his stance, Kirito had enough time spare to place his sword at his left.
Gakaan! The two swords collided with a loud noise.
The one to spin like a top while getting blown away this time was once again Kirito. Thrusting his hand onto the grass, he narrowly avoided falling down while sliding down to the base of the hill.
At this stage, Eugeo, too, understood what was occurring before his eyes at last.
The weight behind their individual hits were on completely different levels.
Kirito had the black sword, possessing a priority that could be considered high among most sacred instrument, and the consecutive hit skills of the Aincrad style, that drove away numerous integrity knights, but the Fragrant Olive Sword that Alice carried was probably hiding a weight several times that of the black sword within itself. It was a difficult enough task to stop its attack, let alone repel it, when it was swung at such a speed.
No, that wouldn't be the end of it. As had been made clear by the initial conflict, Kirito was the one to get repulsed even when on the offensive. This wouldn't be much of a fight.
Kirito seemed to have realized that fact and quickly stood up, though he did take several more steps down with terrified expression. Alice chased behind as though she was gliding.
The ensuing battle could be said to be Kirito's first battle in these two years that had developed so one-sidedly.
Alice delivered slash after slash with the grace of a dancer. Kirito tried his best to take them on but got unsightly blown away each time. He would have chances at a counterattack if he could dodge purely by shifting his body, but Alice's sword was dreadfully quick with superb aim despite its hefty size, making it extremely hard to evade them cleanly.
Finished with the art ritual chant even while trembling with fear, Eugeo chased after the pair who continued to move about. With things having proceeded this far, he had no choice but to activate the armament full control art while Kirito somehow took on the attacks.
After merely five exchanges of offense and defense which took next to no time, Kirito had already been driven to the western wall. Behind him was solid marble with all routes of escape cut off.
Pointing her sword at the enemy, now stuck in a predicament, Alice spoke with a refreshing expression.
"I see. —You are the second to have endured my attacks this long. It seems you have climbed this tower with a fair level of resolve and faith. However... it is not at all enough to sway the church. As I thought, I cannot allow the two of you to upset the order of the Human World."
The golden knight's refined standing posture showed no opening. She could probably instantly deal with Eugeo activating the art ritual, even if it was behind her.
Kirito—say something. A short moment's fine, make her let her guard down.
Eugeo prayed with all he had as he ran, but his partner merely leaned his back against the marble wall, his two eyes glittering, and made no further attempt to speak even a single word.
"Well then—prepare yourself."
The Fragrant Olive Sword readily traced an arc as it pointed at the sky, wielded vertically.
A fleeting silence.
Tearing through the air, the golden light rushed on.
His two eyes opened to their limits, Kirito moved his right hand so fast it became a blur.
A shrill, metallic noise. A streak of sparks.
He didn't take it on, but let it flow past. The swords made contact at the lowest possible angle and Alice's absurdly heavy attack was averted by the slightest margin.
What the Fragrant Olive Sword pierced through with a dull impact was—a cen left of Kirito's head, the smooth marble wall. The black hair severed scattered into the air and vanished.
Kirito immediately leapt at Alice. He pinned down the knight's right hand with his left and entwined her left arm with his right. She hadn't quivered even once until now, but Alice's cheeks still twitched at that all the same.
—Now.
"Enhance armament!!"
Eugeo thrust the Blue Rose Sword into the lawn at his feet with that scream.
His surroundings froze white in just an instant. A wave of frost spread forth with impetuous strength, swallowing Kirito and Alice roughly ten mel away.
Countless ice tendrils immediately reached out from the pair's feet all at once. All of them became clear, blue shackles as they coiled and twined about the connected pair's figures. Kirito's black clothes and Alice's white armor were discernibly being hidden away by a thick layer of ice.
Kirito—Alice, forgive me!
Crying out in his heart, Eugeo continued creating the ice tendrils. It was doubtful any amount of shackles would suffice with Integrity Knight Alice as the target.
The tendrils that twined over them one after another with stiff noises soon changed into a single thick icicle.
The transparent pillar with its multiple layers, resembling crystal ore, quietly glittered with both swordsmen trapped within it. All that stuck outside was Alice's right hand and the Fragrant Olive Sword held in it, pierced into the wall. Alice's expression, showing slight surprise, and Kirito's expression, resolved for death, remained still within the blue ice.
Everything would end by stabbing the dagger into that arm.
Eugeo separated his hand from the Blue Rose Sword and stood up. Letting go of the sword would release the full control art, but the thick icicle should take tens of minutes to melt naturally. Firmly gripping the dagger in his pocket with his right hand, he took one, two steps forward—
He took the third step as golden light exploded.
"Ah......"
Alice's sword, stabbed into the wall, split into countless flower petals in the frightened Eugeo's vision.
Zaa... That grim chord resonated as the golden storm of flowers engulfed the icicle.
Eugeo could do nothing but watch in a daze as the small, cross blades swirled like a tornado, quickly shaving the ice away. Eugeo's Life would likely be extinguished if he dove straight into that vortex, before taking even a single step forward.
Shaving the ice away, the storm of flowers soared up in the air after only a thin layer remained.
The icicle crumbled with a short-lived noise immediately after.
Hurling Kirito, still holding on, towards Eugeo with her left hand, Alice spoke with a tone that remained indifferent while shaking off the ice flakes clinging onto her hair.
"—Did the two of you not request for a contest of skill with the sword? It served as fair bit of amusement, but... it was apparent that mere ice had no chance of restraining my flowers. Your turn will come next, so do behave yourself and wait."
When she lightly stretched her right hand out, the flower petals drifting above instantly gathered and returned to its original sword—
"Enhance armament!!"
Kirito was the one who screamed.
No one knew when he had finished chanting the full control art, but strands of darkness streaked out from the black sword held in his two hands.
His aim was not Alice herself—
It was the Fragrant Olive Sword right before it could combine together.
"Eh...!"
Alice let out a shocked voice for the first time.
The torrent of darkness scattered the countless flower petals and threw them out of control.
Guaaah! A thundering roar split his ears as the tempest, a blend of pitch-black and gold, violently blew. They interweaved, swirled together, and slammed into the marble wall behind Alice.
"Eugeo——!!"
Kirito's scream.
Right. This was, definitely, the last chance.
Eugeo pulled the dagger from his bosom and kicked off the ground.
Just eight mel to Alice.
Seven mel.
Six mel.
Then. Something beyond everyone's expectations occurred.
The abnormally powerful torrent brought forth by fusing the full control arts from both sacred instruments struck the Central Cathedral's wall and a myriad of cracks spread out over its entire length.


Along with a roar that seemed to shake even the Celestial World, the massive marble—those white walls, that were thought to be unbreakable like the «immortal walls», collapsed.
Blocks of stone were thrown outside and the hole created rapidly widened before his eyes.
Eugeo stared at the blue skies and the white sea of clouds peeking in from beyond, flabbergasted.
A sudden, violent gust knocked into Eugeo from the back and he was forced onto the grass. The air within the tower was being sucked out through the hole in the wall. The pair right next to the hole could do naught to resist that deluge of air.
The sight of the black-clothed swordsman and the golden knight entangled with each other being hurled out of the tower burnt itself into Eugeo's eyes.
"Uwaaaaah!!"
While screaming, Eugeo crept towards the hole in the wall.
What can I do—make a rope with sacred arts—no, I'll use ice from the Blue Rose Sword to save those—
He wasn't given the time to put those thoughts into action.
The stones making up the marble wall that should have fallen outside gathered together as though time had been rewound and started to rejoin together across the entire length of the wall.
Clung, clung, those dull noises rang out each time the hole contracted—
"Aaaaaah!!"
And snugly closed up before Eugeo's eyes, a scream escaping from him while he rushed over as quickly as he could, as though nothing had actually happened.
He feverishly hammered with his fists. Twice; thrice.
Even after his skin broke and his blood sprayed out, the renewed wall remained unblemished, not showing a single sign of damage.
"Kirito——!! Alice———!!"
The white and glassy marble cruelly dismissed Eugeo's screams.

