A huge castle made of stone and steel floating in an endless sky.
That was all this world was.
It took a varied group of craftsmen one month to survey the place; the diameter of the base floor was about 10 kilometers—large enough that the entirety of Setagaya-ku would fit on it. Above, there were 100 floors stacked directly on top of each other; its sheer size was unbelievable. It was impossible to even guess how much data it consisted of.
Inside, there were a couple of large cities, countless small towns and villages, forests, plains, and even lakes. Only one stairway linked each floor to another, and the stairways were in dungeons where large numbers of monsters roamed, so discovering and getting through was no easy matter. However, once someone broke through and arrived at a city in the higher floor, the «Teleport Gates» there and in every city in the lower floors would connect, making it possible for anyone to move freely through these levels.
Under these conditions, the huge castle had been steadily conquered over two years. The front line is currently on the 74th floor.
The name of the castle was «Aincrad»; a floating world of battles with swords that had engulfed approximately six thousand people. Otherwise known as...
«Sword Art Online»

Chapter 1
A grey sword cut my shoulder.
The thin line at the top left corner of my field of vision shrank slightly. At the same time a cold hand passed over my heart.
The blue line —called the “HP bar”— is a visual rendering of my life force. There was still a little over 80% left. No, that phrase isn't appropriate enough. Right now, I was about 20% closer to death.
I dashed backwards before the enemy's sword even began its attacking motion.
“Haaa...”
I forced a huge breath to steady myself. The «body» in this world didn't need oxygen; but the body on the other side, or rather the body lying down in the real world, would be breathing heavily. My limp hands would be soaked with sweat, and my heartbeat would be off the charts.
Of course.
Even if everything I see right now is nothing more than a rendering of a 3D virtual reality, and the bar being reduced was nothing more than a bunch of numbers that showed my hit points, the fact that I was fighting for my life didn't change.
When you think about it like that, this fight was extremely unfair. That's because the «enemy» in front of me —a humanoid with dully shining arms covered in dark green scales and a lizard's head and tail— was not a human, nor was it really alive. It was a digital lump that the system would replace regardless of how many times it was killed.
—No.
The AI that controlled the lizardman was studying my movements and enhancing its ability to respond to them with every second that passed. However, the moment that this unit was destroyed, the data would be reset instead of being passed on to the unit that would regenerate in this area.
So in a sense, this lizardman was also alive, a single being unique to this world.
“...right?”
There was no way that it would have understood the word that I had muttered to myself, but the lizardman (a level 82 monster called «Lizardman Lord») hissed and smiled, showing the sharp fangs that protruded from its long jaw.
This is reality. Everything in this world is real. There's no virtual reality or fakery of any kind.
I shifted the one-handed long sword in my right hand to waist-height and watched the enemy.
The lizardman moved the buckler in his left hand forward and drew back the scimitar to his right.
A chill breeze blew into the shadowed dungeon and the flame of the torch shook. The wet floor softly reflected the flickering torch-light.
“Kraaah!!”
With a tremendous scream, the lizardman leapt. The scimitar drew a sharp arc as it flew towards me. A blinding orange light lit its trajectory; a high-class one-hit sword skill of the curved sword «Fell Crescent». It was a formidable charge-type sword skill that covered a distance of 4 meters in 0.4 seconds.
But, I was already expecting the attack.
I had slowly increased the distance to lure the AI into creating this situation. I closed in on the lizardman, my mind registering the burning smell that the scimitar left behind as it sliced through the air merely centimeters before my nose.
“...Ha!”
With a short shout, I swung my sword horizontally. The sword, now covered in sky-blue light, cut through the thinly protected stomach and bright red light scattered instead of blood. There was a low scream.
However, my sword didn't stop. The system assisted me through the programmed movements and chained the next slash with a speed that would normally have been impossible.
This is the most important element in battles in this world, «Sword Skill».
The sword sped off right from left and cut into the lizardman's chest. In this state, I spun my body in a full circle and the third strike struck the enemy deeper than before.
“Raarrgh!”
As soon as the lizardman recovered from being stunned briefly because it failed to hit with a big skill, it screamed with rage or perhaps fear, and raised its scimitar high in the air.
But my chain had not ended. The sword that had been swinging right suddenly sprung, as if forced by a spring, left and up and hit its heart—a critical point.
The sky-blue rhombus drawn by my four consecutive hits flashed then scattered; a horizontal, consecutive 4-hit skill, «Horizontal Square».
The clear light shone strongly in the dungeon and then faded. At the same time, the HP bar above the Lizardman's head disappeared without leaving even a single dot.
The huge body fell, leaving a long trail, then suddenly stopped awkwardly—
With a sound similar to breaking glass, it broke down into infinite polygons and disappeared.
This is the «Death» of this world. It is instantaneous and short, a perfect destruction, not leaving even a single trace.
I glanced at the virtual experience points and drop items I received, appearing in a purple font in the center of my vision, and swung my sword right and left before sheathing it in the scabbard on my back. I backed away a few steps and slid slowly down with my back against the dungeon wall.
I spat out the breath I was holding and closed my eyes. My temple started throbbing, perhaps from the fatigue due to the long fight. I shook my head a couple of times to get rid of the pain and opened my eyes.
The shining clock at the bottom right of my field of vision showed that it was already past 3PM. I should get out of the labyrinth or I won't make it to the city before dark.
“...Should I get started?”
There was nobody there to listen, but I spoke anyways and got up slowly.
I was done with making progress for the day. Somehow, I had escaped the hand of death again today. But after a brief rest, tomorrow will come with more battles. When you are fighting battles without a 100% chance of victory, however many safety nets you prepare, there's going to be a day when you fall out of lady luck's favor.
The problem is whether this game will be «cleared» or not before I draw the ace of spades.
If you value your life above all else, staying in a village and waiting for somebody else to clear the game is the wisest route to take. But I go to the front lines every day, solo. Am I just simply an addict of VRMMO who keeps increasing his stats through countless battles, or—
Am I an idiot who insolently believes that he can win the freedom of everyone in this world with his sword?
As I started walking towards the labyrinth entrance with a slight smile of self-scorn, I thought back to that day.
Two years ago.
The moment when everything ended and began.

Chapter 2
“Ahh... ha... uwahh!”
The sword swinging to these strange shouts swished around, cutting nothing but air.
Right afterwards, the blue boar (which moved surprisingly quick considering its bulk) charged fiercely at its assailant. I burst into laughter, watching him fly through the air and roll on the hill after getting hit by the boar's flat nose.
“Hahaha... not like that. The first movement is important, Klein.”
“Argh... that bastard.”
The complaining assailant, a party member called Klein, got up and glanced at me while answering plaintively.
“But Kirito, even if you say that... I can't do anything about the fact that it's moving.”
I met this person, who had reddish hair held up by a bandana and simple leather armor worn over his thin body, a few hours ago. If he had revealed his real name, it would have been hard to omit the honorifics, but his name (Klein) and mine (Kirito) were both names we had made up for our characters. Putting -san or -kun at the end of them would sound comical more than anything.
The legs of the person in question started shaking.
“Seems like he's a little dizzy.”
I picked up a pebble from the undergrowth at my feet and raised it above my shoulder. As soon as the system detected the first motion of a sword skill, the pebble started giving off a slight green light.
After that, my left hand almost moved by itself and the pebble went flying, drawing a straight line of light and hitting the boar between its eyebrows. *Ggiik!* The boar squealed in fury and turned towards me.
“Of course they move, they're not training dummies. But if you begin the correct motion, the system will put your sword skill into motion and hit the target for you.”
“Motion... motion...”
While muttering this like some spell, Klein raised the cutlass that he held in his right hand.
Although the blue boar, officially named «Frenzy Boar», was a level one monster, Klein had lost almost half of his HP from being hit by counterattacks due to his wild swings. Well, even if he died he'd just respawn at the «Starting City» near here, but coming all the way out to this hunting ground again was somewhat annoying.
It seemed like there was one move left before the fight reached its conclusion.
I cocked my head as I blocked the boar's charge with the sword in my right hand.
“Hmm, how should I explain... It's not like one, two, three, then strike. But more like gathering a bit of energy and then, as soon as you feel the skill start, it goes BAM and you feel it hit the monster...”
“Bam, eh?”
Klein's roughly handsome face grimaced itself into an unsightly image as he leveled his sword at his waist.
Inhale, exhale; after taking a deep breath, he lowered his stance and raised his sword as if he was going to shoulder it. This time, the system sensed the pose correctly and the arcing sword slowly started shining orange.
“Ha!”
With his low yell, he jumped off the ground with a movement that was completely different from the ones before.
*Swish—!* With this crisp sound, the sword drew its flame red trajectory through the air. The «Reaver», a basic skill of the one-handed curved sword, struck the boar right in its neck as it was about to charge and got rid of the rest of its HP, which (like Klein's) was about half full.
"Guekk—" it gave a pitiful cry and its large body shattered like glass and purple numbers appeared, showing how many virtual experience points I gained.
“Ye~~a~~h!”
Klein struck an over-blown pose of victory with a huge smile on his face and raised his left hand. I high-fived him and smiled again.
“Congrats on your first victory... but that boar—it's about as hard as slimes from other games.”
“Eh, really? I thought it was some sort of semi-boss or something!”
“Not a chance.”
My smile became a little forced as I sheathed my sword on my back.
Even though I was teasing him, I understood what he was feeling right now. Since I had two more months of experience than him, it was only now that he could feel the exhilarating feeling of destroying his enemy with his own hands.
Klein started to use the same sword skill over and over again yelling as he did so, perhaps as a way of practicing. I left him alone and looked around.
The endlessly stretching plains gave off a beautiful red as the sun had started setting. Way up north, there was the silhouette of a forest, a sparkling lake down south, and I could just about make out the walls that surrounded the city to the east. To the west, there was a limitless sky going on forever with bunches of golden clouds drifting by.
We were at the plains that stretched to the west of the «Starting City», which was situated at the north end of the first floor of the colossal floating castle—«Aincrad». There should be numerous players fighting monsters around here, but because of the enormous size none of them were visible.
Finally seeming satisfied, Klein sheathed his sword and walked over while observing the area as well.
“But really... however many times I look around like this, I still can't believe that this is «inside the game».”
“Well even if you say 'inside' it's not like our souls were sucked in or anything. Our brain is just seeing and hearing instead of our eyes and ears... with the signals that the «Nerve Gear» is sending,” I said with a shrug.
Klein pouted like a kid.
“You might be used to it now, but for me it's the first time doing a «FullDive»! Isn't it awesome? Really... it's a relief that I was born in this era!”
“You're exaggerating.”
But as I laughed, I totally agreed with him.
«Nerve Gear».
That's the name of the hardware that drove this VRMMORPG—«Sword Art Online».
The basic structure of this machine is totally different from the older ones.
Unlike the old-style man-machine interface hardware like “flat screen monitors” or “hand-held controllers”, Nerve Gear only had a single interface: a streamlined interface that covered your whole head and face.
Inside, there were numerous signal transceivers. By using the electronic signals sent by those transceivers, the gear accessed the user's brain itself. The user didn't use their eyes or ears to see and hear, the signals went directly to their brain. In addition, the machine could access not only sight and sound, but also: touch, taste, and smell as well—that is to say, all five senses.
After slipping the Nerve Gear on, locking the strap under your chin, and speaking the initiation command («Link Start»), all noise fades away and you're swathed in darkness. As soon as you pass the rainbow colored circle in the middle, you're in another world made entirely of data.
So...
Half a year ago, this machine (which started selling in May, 2022) successfully created a «Virtual Reality». The electronics company which created the Nerve Gear called the actual act of linking to the virtual reality...
«FullDive».
It was a total seclusion from reality, fitting of the word “full”.
The reason for this is that the Nerve Gear not only sent fake signals to the five senses, it also blocked and rerouted the orders that the brain sent to the body.
This can be called the most basic requirement for moving freely in a virtual reality. If the body received the brain's signals when the user was in FullDive, the moment the user decided they wanted to «run» their actual body would run into a wall.
Because the Nerve Gear could reroute the commands the brain sent through the spinal cord, Klein and I could both move our avatars around freely and swing our swords around.

We've completely leapt into the game.

The effect of this experience captivated me and many gamers like me, to the point where we were sure that we could never go back to the old touch-pens or motion sensors.
Klein was staring at the wind passing through the plains and the castle walls off in the distance with actual tears in his eyes.
“So, SAO is the first game for the Nerve Gear that you've played?” I asked.
Klein, looking like a calmly handsome warrior from the Sengoku period, turned his head my way and nodded.
“Yeah.”
If he wore a serious expression on his face, he had an impressive bearing about him worthy of an actor from a historical play. Of course, this was different from his actual body in the real world. It was an avatar made out of nothing, based on choosing from a list of options.
Of course, I looked like a ridiculously handsome protagonist from some fantasy animation as well.
Klein continued in his low vigorous voice, which (of course) was different from his real voice as well.
“Well, to be exact, I sorta bought the hardware in a rush after I managed to get my hands on SAO. There were only ten thousand in the first batch, so I suppose I was really lucky.... Well, if I think about it, you were ten times luckier when you got picked for beta testing. They only picked a thousand!”
“Ah, yeah... I suppose.”
Klein kept staring at me. I unconsciously scratched my head.
I remembered the excitement and enthusiasm that «Sword Art Online» created when it was announced through the media like it was yesterday.
Nerve Gear had realized the future foundation for gaming with FullDive. However, due to the innovation of the actual machine, only unremarkable titles came forth for the all-important software. They were all puzzles, education related, or environmental type games; causing discontent among game addicts like me.
Nerve Gear can truly render a virtual reality.
But you could only walk 100 meters before you hit a wall in that world, it was really a huge letdown. It was almost unavoidable that hard core gamers like me, who had been deeply absorbed in the experience of being within the game, started anticipating a certain game genre.
We were waiting for a network response game, the kind that let millions of players log in and raise, fight with, and live as a character of their own—that is to say, an MMORPG.
When the anticipation and craving reached its limit, the first VRMMORPG was announced just in time, «Sword Art Online». The stage for the game is a floating castle consisting of 100 floors.
The players lived in a world with forests and lakes, relying only on their sword and drive to discover the route to the upper floors, defeat countless monsters, and make their way endlessly to the top.
«Magic», considered an indispensable part of fantasy MMORPGs, had been boldly left out. An almost endless number of skills, called «Sword Skills», were created. It was part of a plan to let players actually feel the experience of fighting with their own bodies through FullDive as much as possible.
Skills were varied, including productive skills (such as smithing, leather working, and sewing) and everyday skills (such as fishing, cooking, and playing music), allowing the player to not only adventure the huge game but also actually «live» in it. If they so wanted, and if their skill levels were high enough, they could buy a house and live as shepherds.
As the information was steadily revealed, the gamers' enthusiasm only grew.
The beta test only recruited a thousand testers. It is said that one hundred thousand people, equivalent to half the total number of Nerve Gear sold at the time, volunteered to be testers. Luck was the only reason that I got through the narrow gap and was picked. Beta testers also received the additional benefit of being able to pre-order the game.
The two months of beta testing were like a dream. At school I thought endlessly of my skill set, equipment, and items. I ran all the way home as soon as school ended and dived till dawn. The beta test ended in the blink of an eye. On the day my character was reset, I felt a sense of loss as if half of my actual self had been cut away.
And now— November 6, 2022, Sunday.
«Sword Art Online», after all the preparations were finished, officially started its online service at 1 PM.
Of course, I had been waiting for 30 minutes and then logged on without even a second's delay. When I checked the server, over ninety-five hundred people had already logged on. It seemed as if all of the people who had been lucky enough to get their hands on the game felt the same way I did. All the online shopping sites announced that the game was sold out seconds after it had gone on sale. The offline sales, which had started yesterday, had created lines of people who had queued up for four days, creating enough of a racket to get on the news. That meant that all the people who had been able to buy a copy of the game were almost all serious game addicts.
Klein's actions showed this clearly as well.
After I had logged onto SAO, I started running through the nostalgic stone paved roads of the «Starting City», headed for the weapons shop. Realizing that I was a beta tester after seeing me start and dash, Klein ran over without any hesitation.
“Hey, teach me a few things!” he'd begged.
I wondered how he could be so shameless and demanding to a person he hadn't met before. I was so lost for words it was almost amazing.
“Ah, er, then... why don't we go to the weapon shop?” I answered like some NPC. We ended up forming a party and I began teaching him some basics of fighting. And that's how we ended up in this current situation.
To tell the truth, I didn't get along with people in real life; in games, perhaps even less so. During beta testing, I got to know a couple of people, but I didn't get close enough to anyone to actually call them a friend.
But Klein had a side to him that grows on you, and I didn't find this uncomfortable either. Thinking that I might be able to get along with him, I opened my mouth.
“So... what do you want to do? Do you want to keep hunting till you get used to it?”
“Sure! ...is what I want to say, but...”
Klein's delicate eyes looked at the bottom right of his vision. He must have been checking the time.
“...well, I should log off and eat. I ordered some pizza for 5:30.”
“Pretty thorough,” I said at a loss for words.
Klein thrust out his chest.
“Of course!” he said proudly. “I promised to meet some mates at the «Starting City» in a bit. I could introduce you to some of them and you could register them as friends. That way you could always send messages. How about it?”
“Errr... Hmmm...” I mumbled subconsciously.
I got along with Klein pretty well, but there was no guarantee that it'd be the same for his friends. I felt like there would be a higher chance of not getting along with them and, as a result, fall out with Klein as well.
“Should I...?”
Seeming to understand the reason for my not-so-confident answer, Klein shook his head.
“Ah, I don't mean to force you. There'll be a chance to introduce them sometime anyway.”
“...Yeah. Sorry, and thanks.”
As soon as I thanked him, Klein shook his head vigorously.
“Hey, hey! I should be the one thanking you. I got a lot of help from you. I'll pay you back sometime soon. Mentally.”
Klein smiled and took another look at the clock.
“...Well, I'll log off for a bit. Thanks a lot, Kirito. Be seein' ya.”
With that, he put his hand forward. At that moment, I thought this person would have been a great leader in «another game» and shook his hand.
“Yeah, see you around.”
We each let go of the other's hand.
That was the point where Aincrad, or Sword Art Online, stopped being just some fun game for me.
Klein stepped back a bit, put his right index and middle fingers together, and pulled downwards. This was the action that opened the «main menu window». Immediately afterwards, there was a ringing sound and a shining purple rectangle appeared.
I moved a bit, sat on a rock, and opened my menu too. I started moving my fingers to organize the items that I'd gotten from fighting the boar.
Then...
“Eh?” Klein said in a strange tone. “What's this...? There's no log out button.”
I stopped moving my fingers and raised my head at that.
“No button...? No way, look a bit closer,” I said, a bit confused.
The swordsman opened his eyes wide beneath the bandana and pushed his face closer to the menu.
The rectangle, wider than it was high, had a bunch of buttons to the left and a silhouette showing what equipment you had on to the right. At the bottom of the menu, there was a «LOG OUT» button that allowed you to escape from this world.
As I was turning my head to the inventory that listed the items I had gained over hours of fighting, Klein started speaking in an unusually high voice.
“It's really not there. You take a look Kirito.”
“I told you that there's no way that it's not there...” I muttered with a sigh as I tapped on the button on the top left to go back to the menu screen.
The inventory window on the right closed and the main screen re-opened. To the left of the silhouette, which still had quite a lot of empty spaces, there was a long row of buttons.
I moved my hand down in a movement that had almost become a habit and...
My body froze.
It wasn't here.
As Klein had said, the button that had been there during the beta test —no, even right after I'd logged on— had disappeared.
I stared at the empty space for a couple of seconds then looked through the menu, making sure that it hadn't just changed its position. Klein looked up with “Right?” written on his face.
“...Not there, right?”
“Yeah, it's not there.”
I nodded, although it felt slightly annoying to agree so easily. Klein smiled and started rubbing his thick chin.
“Well, it's the first day so these sort of bugs could occur. Around about now, the GMs should be crying by now from the number of messages flooding in,” Klein said calmly.
“Is it all right for you to stand around like that? You said that you ordered some pizza, didn't you?” I asked teasingly.
“Ah, that's right!”
I smiled as I watched him jump around, his eyes wide.
I threw away a couple of items I didn't need from the inventory, which had turned red from having too many items, and then walked over to Klein.
“Argh! My anchovy pizza and ginger ale...!”
“Why don't you call a GM? They might cut you off from their side.”
“I tried, but there's no response. It's already 5:25! Hey, Kirito! Isn't there some other way to log out?”
After listening to what Klein, who was waving both arms, said...
My face became rigid. I felt a groundless fear send a chill down my back.
“Let's see... to log out...” I said while thinking.
To get out of this virtual reality and back to my room, I have to: open the main menu, press the 'Log Out' button, and press 'Yes' on the window that popped up on the right. It was pretty simple. But... at the same time, apart from that procedure, I wasn't aware of any other way of logging off.
I looked up at Klein's face, situated quite a bit higher than my own, and shook my head.
“No... there's none. If you want to log yourself off, you have to use the menu. Apart from that, there's no other way.”
“That's impossible... there's got to be something!”
Klein suddenly started shouting as if he was denying my statement.
“Return! Log out! Escape!”
But of course nothing happened. There were no voice commands in SAO of that description.
After Klein shouted this and that and even jumped around, I spoke to him.
“Klein, it's useless. Even the manual doesn't have anything on emergency access terminations.”
“But... this is just stupid! Even if it's a bug, I can't even go back to my room and my body when I want to!” Klein shouted with a bewildered expression on his face.
I totally agreed with him.
This was impossible. It was complete nonsense. But it was indisputably the truth.
“Hey... what is this? It's just really weird. Right now, we can't get out of this game!”
Klein gave a desperate laugh then quickly started talking again.
“Wait, we can just turn the power off. Or just pull the «Gear» off.”
As I watched Klein move his hands as if he was trying to take off some invisible hat, I felt the anxiety returning.
“That's impossible, both of them. Right now, we can't move our bodies... our real bodies. The «Nerve Gear» intercepts all the signals that our brain is sending here,” I tapped the back of my head, “and reroutes them to move our avatars here.”
Klein slowly closed his mouth and put his hands down.
We both stood speechless for a while, each lost in thought.
To reach the FullDive state, the Nerve Gear intercepts the signals that our brain sends down our spines and translates them so that we can control our avatars in this world. So however wildly we swing our arm about here, the arm of my real body (lying on my bed right now) wouldn't move an inch, ensuring that I wouldn't hit my head against the corner of my table or anything.
But because of this function, we can't cancel the FullDive of our own free will right now.
“...So unless the bug is fixed or somebody in the real world takes the Gear off, we have to wait it out?” Klein mumbled, still a little dazed.
I silently signaled my agreement.
“But I live by myself. You?”
I hesitated slightly but told him the truth.
“...I live with my mom and my younger sister, a family of three. I think that I'll be forced out of the Dive if I don't come down for dinner...”
“What? H-How old is your sister?”
Klein suddenly looked at me, his eyes sparkling. I pushed his head away.
“You're pretty calm right now, aren't you? She's in a sports club and hates games, so she's got nothing in common with people like us... but more than that,” I spread my right arm in an attempt to change the subject. “Don't you think it's weird?”
“Well sure. Since it's a bug.”
“No, I mean it's not just a bug, it's a «can't log out» bug. It's a big enough problem to bother the operation of the game itself. Like your pizza in the real world is getting colder every second, it's an actual economical loss, isn't it?”
“...A cold pizza... That's as meaningless as hard natto!”
I ignored these meaningless comments and kept talking.
“If it's like this, the operators should take the server down and log everyone out, whatever the cause. But... it's been 15 minutes since we first noticed this and there hasn't even been a system message, let alone taking the server down. It's just too weird.”
“Hmm, now that I think of it, you're right.”
Klein started rubbing his chin with a serious expression on his face. In the area beneath the bandana, which covered a little bit of his sharp nose, intelligence sparkled in his eyes.
I started listening to Klein, feeling a little strange about talking with someone whom I'd never meet if I erased my account.
“...The company which created SAO, «Argus», is a company that's famous for being considerate of its users, isn't it? That's why everyone was fighting to get their hands on a copy even though it's the first online game. It's sorta meaningless if they screw up like this on their first day.”
“I agree. And SAO is the first VRMMORPG. If something goes wrong now, they might pass regulations for the whole genre.”
Klein and I looked at each other's virtual faces and sighed.
Aincrad's seasons were based on reality, so it was early fall here as well.
I looked up, sucking in the virtual air; taking a deep, cold breath.
100 meters away, I could just about see the light purple bottom of the 2nd floor. As I followed the uneven surface, I saw the huge tower —the «labyrinth» that was the path to the upper floor— and saw that it was connected to the outer entrance.
It was just past 5:30 and the small strip of sky that could be seen was red with the light of the sunset. Despite the situation I was in, seeing the endless plains painted gold with the light of the evening sun, I found myself speechless in front of the beauty of this virtual world.

Right after that...
The world changed forever.

Chapter 3
*Ding, ding*... A chiming noise like a bell —or perhaps a warning chime— sounded loudly, making Klein and me jump in surprise.
“Ah...”
“What's this!?”
We shouted at the same time and stared at each other, our eyes wide.
Both Klein and I were immersed in a clear blue pillar of light. Past the blue veil, the plains in my vision blurred steadily.
I'd experienced this a few times during beta testing. It was a «Teleport» initiated by an item. I didn't have the prerequisite item nor did I shout the proper command. Did the operators initiate a forced teleport? If so, why didn't they even inform us?
As my thoughts raced, the light around me pulsed stronger and darkness overtook me.
As the blue light faded, my surroundings became clear again. However, this wasn't the sunset-lit plain anymore.
A large road paved with stone. Medieval streets surrounded by street-lamps and the huge palace radiating a dark light a fair distance away up ahead.
This was the starting point, the central plaza of the «Starting City».
I looked at Klein who had his mouth wide open next to me. Then at the bustling crowd of people that surrounded the two of us.
Looking at the bunch of stunningly beautiful people with a variety of equipment and different hair colors, they were no doubt other players like me. There were about a few thousand—ten thousand people here. It was likely that everyone who was logged on right now had been forcefully transported to the central plaza.
For a few seconds, everyone just looked around without speaking.
Then a few mumbles and mutters could be heard here and there; it started to get louder.
“What's happening?”
“Can we log out now?”
“Can't they take care of it quickly?”
Comments like these could be heard from time to time.
As the players started to get more annoyed, shouts like “Is this a joke?” and “Get the hell out here, GMs!” could be heard.
Then suddenly...
Somebody raised his voice above all these comments and shouted.
“Ah... look up!”
Klein and I almost automatically turned our eyes upward. There, a strange sight greeted us.
The bottom of the second floor, one hundred meters above us, was checkered in red.
When I looked closely, I could see that the pattern was made up of two phrases crisscrossing each other: the words [ Warning ] and [ System Announcement ] written in red.
I was surprised for a moment but then thought, “Oh, the operator is going to begin informing us now,” and the tension in my shoulders eased a bit.
The chatter died down in the plaza and you could feel everyone waiting to hear what was going to be said.
However, what happened next wasn't what I had expected.
From the middle of the pattern, a liquid that looked like blood started oozing down slowly. It came down at a rate that almost emphasized how viscous it was, but it didn't fall all the way down; instead, it started congealing into a shape.
What appeared was a twenty-meter tall figure with a hooded robe draped around it.
No, that wasn't exactly right. From where we were looking, we could easily see into the hood—there was no face. It was absolutely empty. We could clearly see the inner cloth and the green embroidery inside of the hood. It was the same inside the robe, all we could see inside the edges were shadows.
I'd seen that robe before. It was the same clothing that the Argus employees who worked as GMs during the beta test had always worn. But back then, the male GMs had a face like an old sorcerer with a long beard and the females had an avatar of a bespectacled girl. They might have used the robe because they lacked time to prepare a proper avatar, but the empty space inside the hood gave me an unexplainable feeling of anxiety.
The countless players around me must have felt the same.
“Is that a GM?”
“Why doesn't it have a face?”
There were a lot of whispers like these.
Then the right sleeve of the huge robe moved as if to silence them.
A pure white glove appeared from the folds of the long sleeve. But this sleeve, like the rest of the robe, didn't cover any sort of body.
Then the left sleeve slowly lifted upwards, too. Then with its two empty gloves spread out in front of ten thousand players, the faceless person opened his mouth—no, it felt like it did. Then a low, calm, male voice resonated from high in the air.

?Players, I welcome you all to my world.?

I couldn't understand it right away.
«My world»? If that red robe was a GM, it certainly had godlike powers in this world enabling him to change the world at will, but why was he pointing that out now?
Klein and I looked at each other, dumbfounded. The anonymous red robe lowered its arms and continued talking.

?My name is Kayaba Akihiko. Right now, I am the only person who can control this world.?

“What...!?”
My avatar became rigid with shock, and a lump formed in its throat (and perhaps my throat back in the real world as well) for a second.
Kayaba — Akihiko!!
I knew that name. There was no way I didn't.
This person, both a game designer and genius in the field of quantum physics, was the one responsible for raising Argus (which was just one of many small companies a few years ago) into one of the leading companies in its field.
He was also the development director of SAO and, at the same time, the designer of the Nerve Gear.
As a hard core gamer, I respected Kayaba deeply. I bought all the mags that featured him and read his few interviews until I almost knew them all by heart. I could almost see him in the white overalls he always wore by just hearing his voice.
But he had always stayed behind the scenes, refusing media exposure. He had never even been a GM, so why was he doing something like this?
I forced my mind to start moving again, trying to make sense of the situation. But the words that came out of the empty hood almost seemed to mock my efforts to understand.
?I think that most of you have discovered the fact that the Log Out button has disappeared from the main menu. This is not a bug; it is all part of «Sword Art Online»'s system.?
“Part of... the system?” Klein muttered brokenly.
The announcement continued in its low voice as if to cover the sound.
?Until you get to the top of this castle, you cannot log out of your own free will.?
This castle? I couldn't understand this phrase at first. There's no castle in the «Starting City».
Then the next thing that Kayaba said blew my confusion away.
?...also, the disruption or dismantling of the Nerve Gear from the outside is strictly forbidden. If these things are attempted...?
A moment of silence.
The silence of ten thousand people was overwhelming. The next words came slowly.
?the signal sensors in your Nerve Gear will emit a strong electromagnetic pulse, destroying your brain and stopping all of your basic functions.?
Klein and I stared at each other for seconds in shock.
It was as if my mind refused to believe what I had just heard. But Kayaba's short statement pierced through my body with a ferocity that was both hard and dense.
Destroy our brains.
In other words, kill us.
Any user that turned the Nerve Gear off or unlocked the clasp and took it off would be killed. That is what Kayaba had just stated.
People in the crowd started muttering, but there was no one shouting or panicking. It was either that everyone, like me, couldn't understand it yet, or refused to.
Klein raised his right hand slowly and tried to grasp the headgear that would be situated there in the real world. As he did, he let out a dry laugh and started talking.
“Haha... what's he saying? That man, has he gone nuts? He's not making any sense. The Nerve Gear... It's just a game. Destroy our brain... How is he going to do that? Right, Kirito?”
His voice broke at the last shout. Klein stared at me hard, but I couldn't nod in agreement.
The countless signal transceivers in the Nerve Gear's helmet emitted small electromagnetic pulses to send virtual signals to the brain.
They might call this the newest ultra-technology, but the basic theory was the same as a certain household appliance that's been used for over 40 years in Japan—the microwave.
If there was sufficient output, it was possible that the Nerve Gear would vibrate the water particles in our brains and cook it with the heat from the friction. But...
“...theoretically it's possible, but... he must be bluffing. Because if we pull the plug on the Nerve Gear, there's no way it can emit a strong pulse of that type. Unless there's some form of battery with a huge storage capability... inside....”
Klein already guessed the reason why I had stopped talking.
“There... is,” he said, his words almost a scream with a hollow expression on his face. “Thirty percent of the gear's weight is in the battery. But... that's totally crazy! What if there was a sudden power outage or something!?”
Kayaba started explaining, as if he had heard what Klein had shouted.
?To be a little more specific, disconnection from an outside source of electricity for ten minutes, being cut off from the system for more than two hours, or any attempt to: unlock, dismantle, or destroy the Nerve Gear. If any of these conditions are met, the brain destruction sequence will start. These conditions have been made known to the government and the public through mass-media in the outside world. On that note, there have been several cases where the relatives or friends have ignored the warnings and tried to forcefully remove the Nerve Gear. The result...?
The metallic voice took a short breath here.
?...regretfully 213 players have already exited this game, and the real world, forever.?
A long, thin scream was heard. But most of the players couldn't or refused to believe what they had been told, and just stood there slack-jawed or with a wry smile on their faces.
My head tried to reject what Kayaba had just said. But my body betrayed it and my knees started shaking violently.
I stumbled back a few paces on my weak knees and managed to keep myself from falling. Klein fell on his backside, his expression lifeless.
213 players have already...
That phrase repeated over and over again in my head.
If what Kayaba said was true, over 200 people have already died?
Among them, there would have been beta testers like me. I might have even known some of their character names and avatars. These people had their brains burnt and... died, is that what Kayaba was saying?
“...don't believe it.... I don't believe it,” Klein, still sitting on the ground, started saying in a strained voice. “He's just trying to scare us. How would he do such a thing? Stop kidding around and let us out. We don't have time to play along to your sick opening ceremony. Yeah... this is all just an event. An opening show, right?”
Inside my head, I was screaming the same thing.
But as if to dispel our hopes, Kayaba's businesslike voice resumed its explanation.
?Players, there is no need to worry about the bodies you left on the other side. As of this moment, all TV, radio, and Internet media are repeatedly reporting this situation; including the fact that there have been numerous deaths. The danger of having your Nerve Gear taken off has already all but disappeared. In a moment, using the two hours I have provided, all of you will be transported to hospitals or similar institutes and be given the best treatment. So you can relax... and concentrate on beating the game.?
“What...?”
Then, at last, violent shouts left my mouth.
“What are you saying!? Beat the game!? You want us to play around in a situation like this!?”
I kept shouting, glaring at the red robe that had oozed out of the bottom of the upper floor.
“This isn't a game anymore!!”
Then Kayaba Akihiko started announcing quietly with his monotonous voice.
?But I ask of you all to understand that «Sword Art Online» is no longer a simple game. It is a second reality.... From now on, any form of revival in the game will no longer work. The moment your HP reaches 0, your avatar will be gone forever. And at the same time...?
I could guess what he was going to say all too clearly.
?...your brain will be destroyed by the Nerve Gear.?
Suddenly, an urge to laugh out loud bubbled up from the pit of my stomach. I forced it down.
A long, horizontal line shone at the top-left corner of my vision. As I focused on it, the numbers 342/342 overlaid it.
Hit points. My life-force.
The moment it reaches zero, I will die—the electromagnetic waves will fry my brain, killing me instantaneously. This is what Kayaba had said.
This is without a doubt a game, a game with your life at stake. In other words, a death game.
I must have died at least 100 times during the two months of beta testing. I had re-spawned with a slightly embarrassed smile on my face in the palace north of the main plaza, the «Black Iron Palace», and ran off into the hunting grounds again.
That was what an RPG was: a sort of game where you keep dying and learning and leveling up. But now you can't? Once you die, you'll lose your life? And in addition... you can't even stop playing?
“... no freaking way,” I muttered softly.
Who in their right mind would go out onto the field with those conditions? Of course everyone would just stay inside the city where it was safe.
Then, as if reading my (and maybe every other player's) mind, came the next message.
?Players, there is only one way to be freed from this game. As I have said before, you must get to the top of Aincrad, the one hundredth floor, and defeat the final boss that resides there. All players still alive at that time will be immediately logged out of the game. I give you all my word.?
Ten thousand players stood in silence.
It was then that I realized what Kayaba meant when he said, «get to the top of this castle».
“This castle” meant the huge monstrosity that imprisoned all of the players on the first floor, with ninety-nine more floors stacked on top of it, towering into the sky in which it floated. He was talking about Aincrad itself.
“Clear... all 100 floors!?” Klein suddenly shouted. He got up quickly and raised a fist up to the sky.
“And how do you want us to do that? I heard that getting up was crazy hard even during the beta testing!”
This was true. During the two months of beta testing, the one thousand players that had taken part only managed to get to the sixth floor. Even if ten thousand people had dived right now, how long would it take to get through all 100 floors?
Most players who had been forced here would be asking themselves this rhetorical question.
The strained silence eventually gave way to low murmuring. But there was no sign of fear or despair.
Most people here would still be confused about whether this was a «real danger» or a «seriously warped opening event». Everything Kayaba had said was so horrifying that it felt unreal.
I craned my head back to look at the empty robe and tried to force my mind to accept this situation.
I can no longer log out, ever. I can't go back to my room, my life. The only way that I would get them back was when somebody defeated the boss on the highest floor of this floating castle. If my HP reached zero even once during that time—I would die. I would die a real death and I would be gone forever.
But...
However much I tried to accept these as facts, it was impossible. Just five or six hours ago, I had eaten the meal that my mom made, shared a short conversation with my sister, then walked up the stairs of my house.
Now I can't go back to all that? And this is now the real reality?
Then, the red robe that had always been one step ahead of us swept its right glove and started speaking with a voice void of all emotion.
?Then I will show you evidence that this is the only reality. In your inventories, there will be a gift from me. Please confirm this.?
As soon as I heard this, I pressed my finger and thumb together and pulled downwards. All the players did likewise and the plaza was filled with the ringing sound of bells.
I pressed the Item button on the menu that appeared and the item was there, at the top of my belongings list.
The name of the item — «Hand Mirror»
Why did he give this to us? Even as I wondered, I tapped on the name and pressed the “Make Into Object” button. Immediately, there was a tinkling sound effect and a small, rectangular mirror appeared.
I grabbed it hesitantly but nothing happened. All that it showed was the face of the avatar that I had gone through a lot of trouble to create.
I cocked my head and looked at Klein. The samurai was also looking at the mirror in his hand with a blank expression.
...Then.
Suddenly Klein and the avatars around us were engulfed in white light. As soon as I took this in, I was surrounded too and all I could see was white.
Almost 2, 3 seconds later, the surroundings reappeared just as they had been...
No.
The face in front of me wasn't the one I'd gotten used to.
The armor made of metal plates laced together, the bandana, and the spiky red hair were all the same. But the face had changed into another shape altogether. His long, sharp eyes had become sunken and shone brighter. His delicate and high nose had become hooked, and a slight beard now appeared on his cheeks and chin. If the avatar had been a young and carefree samurai, this one was a fallen warrior—or maybe a bandit.
I forgot about the situation for a moment and muttered.
“Who... are you?”
The same words came out of the mouth of the man in front of me.
“Hey... who're you?”
Then I was gripped by a sudden foreboding and realized what Kayaba's present, the «Hand Mirror», meant.
I raised the mirror in a rush, and the face stared back at me.
Black hair lay neatly over the head, two weak-looking eyes could be seen beneath the slightly long hair, and a delicate face that made people mistake me for a girl even now when I go out in casual clothes with my sister.
The calm face of a warrior that «Kirito» had even a few seconds ago was no longer there. The face that was in the mirror...
Was my actual face that I had tried so hard to escape from.
“Ah... it's me...”
Klein, who had been also staring at his mirror, fell backwards. We both looked at each other and shouted at the same time.
“You're Klein!?” “You're Kirito!?
Our voices had changed too. Perhaps the voice modulators had stopped working. But we didn't have time to spare on things like that.
The mirrors fell from our hands and hit the ground. Then were destroyed with a soft, smashing sound.
When I looked around again, the crowd was no longer filled with people who looked like characters from a fantasy game. A bunch of normal looking young people had now taken their place. It was like something you'd see if you gathered a bunch of people in real life at a game show venue and dressed them up in armor. Distressingly, even the sex ratio had changed greatly.
How on earth was this possible? Klein and I, and most probably all the players around us, had changed from the avatars that we'd created from nothing to our real selves. Of course, the texture itself still seemed like a polygon model and it still felt slightly strange, but it was almost frighteningly accurate. It was as if the gear had a full body scanner on it.
—Scan.
“...Ah, right!”
I looked at Klein and forced the words out.
“There are high density signal sensors in the Nerve Gear covering our whole head. So it can tell not only how our brains look, but our faces too...”
“B-But, how can it know what our bodies look like.... Like how tall we are?”
Klein said more silently glancing from side to side at our surroundings.
The average height of the players, who were now looking at their own and others' faces with various expressions on their faces, had been noticeably reduced after the «change». I, and most probably Klein too, had set the height to equal that of my height in the real world to prevent my extra height from hindering my movements. But most players seemed to have made themselves taller by about ten to twenty centimeters.
That wasn't all. The actual build and the girth of the players had become larger too. There was no way that the Nerve Gear would have been able to know all this.
Klein was the one who answered this question.
“Ah... wait. I bought the Nerve Gear just yesterday so I remember. There was a part of the set-up... what was it called, calibration? Well anyway, during that bit you touched your body here and there, maybe it was that...?”
“Ah, right... that's what it was...”
Calibration was where the Nerve Gear measured «how much you had to move your hand to reach your body». This was done to reproduce the sense of movement accurately within the game. So to say, it was almost as if the Nerve Gear had data about our exact body shapes saved inside itself.
It was possible, making all the avatars of the players an almost perfect polygon replica of themselves. The purpose of this was also almost too clear now.
“...Reality,” I muttered. “He said that this was reality. That this polygon avatar... and our HP was our real body and our real life. In order to make us believe this, he's produced a perfect copy of us....”
“But...But y'know Kirito.”
Klein scratched his head roughly and the eyes beneath his bandana shone as he shouted.
“Why? Why the hell's he doing something like this...?”
I didn't answer that and pointed upwards past our heads.
“Wait a moment. Most likely, he'll answer that in a bit anyway.”
Kayaba didn't let me down. A few seconds later a voice, sounding almost solemn, sounded from the blood red sky.
?You will all most probably be wondering, “Why.” Why am I —the creator of both the Nerve Gear and SAO, Kayaba Akihiko— doing something like this? Is this a sort of terrorist attack? Is he doing this to ransom us??
It was then that Kayaba's voice, which had been emotionless up to now, seemed to show some signs of emotion. Suddenly the word «empathy» passed through my mind, even though there was no way that would be true.
?These are not the reasons why I am doing this. Not only that, but for me, there is no longer a reason or a purpose in doing this. The reason is because... this situation itself was my purpose in doing this. To create and watch this world is the only reason I have created the Nerve Gear and SAO. And now, everything has been realized.?
Then after a short pause, Kayaba's voice, now emotionless again, spoke.
?...Now, I have finished the official tutorial for «Sword Art Online». Players—I wish you luck.?
This last sentence trailed off with a faint echo.
The huge robe rose soundlessly and started sinking, hood first, into the system message that covered the sky, as if melting.
Its shoulders, then its chest, then its two arms and legs merged into the red surface, and then a final red stain spread briefly. Right afterward, the system message that had covered the sky disappeared as suddenly as it appeared.
The sound of the wind blowing above the plaza and the BGM that the NPC orchestra was playing came softly to our ears.
The game had returned to its normal state, apart from the fact that a couple of rules had been changed.
Then— at last.
The crowd of ten thousand players gave a proper reaction.
In other words, countless voices started resounding loudly through the plaza.
“It's a joke right...? The hell is this? It's a joke right!?”
“Stop kidding around! Let me out! Let me out of here!”
“No! You can't! I've got to meet someone soon!”
“I don't like this! I'm gonna go home! I want to go home!!!!!!”
Yells. Clamors. Shouts. Curses. Begging. Screaming.
The people that had changed from game players to prisoners in a matter of minutes crouched clutching their heads, waved their arms about, grasped each other or started to swear loudly.
In the midst of all this noise, my mind became strangely cool again.
This... is reality.
What Kayaba Akihiko had declared was all true. If that was the case, this was all to be expected. It'd be strange not to expect it. This genius was one side of Kayaba that made him alluringly attractive.
Now I can't return to reality for a while—perhaps a few months or maybe more than that. During this time, I can't see my mother or sister nor talk to them. It was possible that I would never get the chance. If I died here—
I died in reality.
The Nerve Gear, once a game machine, is a lock to this prison and a tool of death that will fry my brain.
I breathed slowly in, then out, and opened my mouth.
“Klein, come over here for a sec.”
I grabbed the warrior's arm, who seemed to be much older than me in real life, and made my way through the raving crowd.
We made it out of the crowd quite quickly, maybe because we were near the edge. We entered one of the many streets that led out of the plaza in a radial pattern and I jumped into the shadow behind an unmoving carriage.
“...Klein,” I called his name again.
He still had a somewhat blank expression on his face. I continued talking, trying my best to sound serious.
“Listen to me. I'm going to get out of this city and head over to the next village. Come with me.”
Klein opened his eyes wide under the bandana. I kept talking in a low voice, forcing the words out.
“If what he said was true, in order to survive in this world we have to strengthen ourselves. You know that MMORPGs are a battle for resources between the players. Only the people who can acquire the most money and experience can get stronger.... The people who've realized this are going to hunt all the monsters around the «Starting City». You'll have to wait forever for the monsters to respawn. Going to the next village right now would be better. I know the way and all the dangerous spots, so I can get there, even if I'm only level one.”
Considering that it was me, that was quite a long speech. But despite that, he stayed silent.
Then a few seconds later, his face scrunched up.
“But...But y'know. I said before that I stood in line for ages with my friends to buy this game. They would have logged in and most likely they'd be in the plaza even now. I can't... go without them.
“...”
I let out a sigh and bit my lip.
I could understand all too well what Klein was trying to tell me through his nervous gaze.
He... was bright and was easy to get along with, and he most probably took care of other people pretty well. He was most definitely hoping that I'd take all his friends with him.
But I just couldn't nod.
If it was just Klein, I could get to the next village while protecting us from aggressive monsters. But if there was even two more —no, even one more person coming along— it would be dangerous.
If somebody died along the way, they'd die as Kayaba had announced.
The responsibility would undoubtedly fall on me, who suggested setting out from the safe «Starting City» and failed to protect my comrade.
To bear such a heavy burden, I could never do that. It was just simply impossible.
Klein seemed to read all these worries that flashed through my mind. A smile appeared on his slightly bearded cheek and he shook his head.
“No... I can't keep relying on you. I was a guild master in the game I used to play. It'll be fine. I'll just make do with the techniques that you've taught me till now. And... there's still a chance that this was just a bad joke and that we'll all be logged off. So don't worry about us and go to the village.”
“...”
With my mouth closed, I was wracked by an indecision that I'd never felt before in my life.
Then I spoke the words that would gnaw at me for two years.
“...OK,” I nodded, stepped back, and said with my dry throat.
“Well, let's part here. If anything comes up, send me a message.... Well, see you later, Klein.”
Klein called me as I turned my eyes downwards and turned to leave.
“Kirito!”
“...”
I sent him a questioning glance, but he didn't say anything; his cheek only trembled a little.
I waved once and turned northwest, the direction of the village that I'd use as my next base.
When I had taken about five steps, a voice called out from behind me again.
“Hey, Kirito! You look pretty good in real life! You're quite my type!”
I smiled bitterly and shouted over my shoulder.
“Your look suits you ten times better too!”
Then I turned my back on the first friend that I had made in this world and relentlessly ran forward.
After I had run through the winding alleyways for a few minutes, I looked back again. Of course, there was nobody there.
I ignored the odd feeling of my chest being constricted and ran.
I ran desperately to the northwest gate of the Starting City and then past the large plains and the deep forest, then a small village located past all this—then past that to an endless, lonely game of survival.

Chapter 4
One month into the game, two thousand people were dead.

The hope that outside help would come had been crushed, not even a message had gotten through.
I didn't see it myself, but they said that the panic and the madness that took hold of the players when they realized that they really couldn't get back was unbelievable. There were people crying and others wailing, and some even tried to dig up the ground of the city saying that they were going to destroy this world. Of course, all buildings were non–destructible objects so this attempt failed without any results to show for it.
They say that it took days for the players to accept the situation and think of what to do after that.
The players were split into four categories.

The first consisted of a little over half the players—they were the ones who still wouldn't accept the conditions that Kayaba Akihiko had put forth and still waited for outside help.
I understood what they were thinking painfully well. Their real bodies would be lying on a bed or sitting in a chair fast asleep. That was reality and this situation was «fake». If there was even the smallest discovery, they might be able to get out. Of course, the log out button was gone but there might be something that the creators of the game might have overlooked....
And outside, the company who ran the game, Argus, would be trying harder than anyone to save the players. If they could just wait, they might be able to open their eyes, have a teary reunion with their family, and then return to school or work and this would all have been just something to talk about....
It wasn't really unreasonable to think like that. I think I was hoping for the same thing deep inside.
Their plan of action was to «wait». They didn't take a single step out of the city and used the money they had been allotted at the beginning of the game (the currency was called «Col» in this world) sparingly, buying only the food they needed to get through the day and finding cheap inns to sleep in, and walked around in groups spending each day without any thought.
Thankfully the «Starting City» was a city that took up 20% of the first floor's surface and was large enough to hold a Tokyo district. So the five thousand players would have sufficient room to live in.
But no help was forthcoming, however long they waited. On some days the sky outside was not a crystal blue but covered with grey clouds. Their money couldn't last forever and they realized that they would have to do something.

The second category consisted of about 30%, or three thousand players. It was a group where all the players worked together. The leader of it was the admin of the largest online game info site.
The players who made up this category were split into several groups and shared all of their gains, collected information on the game, and set out to explore the labyrinth area where the stairs were. The leaders of this group set up their base of operations in the «Black Iron Castle» and sent orders to their various groups.
This huge group didn't have a name for quite a while, but after all the members received a uniform, somebody gave them the somewhat grim name, «The Army».

The third category consisted of, at an estimate, a thousand players. It was made up of people who had wasted all their Col but didn't want to make money by fighting monsters.
As a side–note, there were two basic bodily needs in SAO: one was fatigue and the other was hunger.
I understood why fatigue existed: virtual information and real information were no different to the users' brains. If players became sleepy they could go to an inn and rent a room to sleep in depending on the amount of money they had. If one saved up a lot of Col they could buy a house, but the sum needed wasn't small.
Hunger was a need that many players thought of as strange. Although they didn't really want to imagine what was happening to their bodies in the real world, it was most likely that we were being force–fed nutrients somehow. That meant that the emptiness we felt here had nothing to do with our real bodies.
But if we bought some virtual bread or meat in the game and ate it, the emptiness disappeared and we felt full. There was no way to find out how this strange mechanism worked short of asking a professional in the field of neurology.
So the opposite was true too: the hunger didn't disappear unless we ate something. We most probably wouldn't die if we starved, but the fact that it's a need that's hard to ignore doesn't change. So the players visited the restaurants that the NPCs ran daily and ate some food, at least virtually.
Also, there was no need to excrete waste in the game. As to what was happening in the real world, I didn't even want to think about it.

Well, back to the main point....

The players who had squandered all their money in the beginning, who couldn't sleep or eat, usually joined the huge organization that I mentioned a while ago, «The Army». This was because they received at least something to eat if they followed the orders from the top.
But there are always those who can't ever cooperate with others however hard they try. The ones who never wanted to join, or got kicked out for causing trouble, used the slums of the «Starting City» as their base and started thieving.
Inside the city, or the places mostly referred to as «Safe Areas», there was protection implemented by the system and players couldn't hurt each other. But it wasn't like that outside. The stragglers made teams with other stragglers and ambushed other players —which was in many ways much more profitable than hunting monsters— out on the fields or the labyrinth areas.
Even then, they never «murdered» anybody —well, at least during the first year.
This group got slowly larger until they reached the aforementioned number of a thousand.

The final, fourth category was, simply said, the rest.
There were fifty groups created by people who wanted to clear the game but didn't join the huge organization. They numbered around five hundred. We called these groups «Guilds» and they had a mobility that «The Army» lacked. Using that mobility, they steadily grew stronger.
Then there were the very few who chose the merchant and craftsman classes. They only numbered about two to three hundred, but they created guilds of their own and started training the skills that they would need to earn the Col they need to get by.
The rest, around one hundred players, were called «Solo Players» — this was the group I belonged to.
They were the selfish group who had decided that acting alone would be better for strengthening themselves and simply surviving. If they could use the information they had, they could level up quickly. After they had gained the power to fight against monsters and bandits by themselves, there was truthfully no merit in fighting with other players.
An additional feature of SAO was that there was no «Magic»; in other words, there were no «long range attacks with a 100% accuracy rate», so one could fight large groups of monsters alone. If one had the required skills, playing solo was much more effective in getting experience points than party playing.
Of course, there were risks involved. To give an example, if a person was «Paralyzed» and if he had party members with him, they'd just cure him and that'd be that. But if the person was playing solo, it could lead straight to death. Actually, in the very beginning, solo players had the highest fatality rate amongst all the players.
But if you had the experience and knowledge to win through all this danger, there was a much better compensation for all this risk, and the beta testers (including myself) had both of these things.
With this precious information the solo players leveled up at a fierce pace and a huge gap soon opened between them and the rest of the players. After the game had calmed down a bit, most solo players got out of the first floor and used the cities in the upper levels as their bases.
Inside the Black Iron Castle, where the «Room of the Resurrected» had been during the beta testing, there now stood a huge metal monument that hadn't existed during beta testing. The names of all ten thousand players were carved on its surface. In addition, a line appeared through the name of a person who died and it gave the time and cause of death next to it.
The first person to get the honor of having his name crossed out appeared three hours into the game.
The cause of death was not losing to a monster. It was suicide.
He believed in the theory that “according to the structure of the Nerve Gear, if a person is cut off from the system they'll automatically regain consciousness.” He climbed over the iron fence at the north end of the city, at the edge of Aincrad, and flung himself off.
Beneath the floating castle that was Aincard, no ground could be seen however much you strained your eyes. There was only an endless sky with several layers of white clouds. As countless players watched him, the boy got steadily smaller, leaving a long scream and finally disappearing into the clouds.
The short line was crossed mercilessly over the boy's name two minutes later. The cause of death was «Falling in midair». I didn't even want to imagine what he went through during those two minutes. There was no way of knowing if he had returned to the real world or, as Kayaba had said, he had his brain fried. But most people believed that if there was such a simple way of escaping the game, the people outside would have already pulled the plugs and saved us.
But there were still some who gave in to this easy way of dealing with things. Most people, including me, found it hard to take the «Death» in SAO as reality.
That had still not changed. The phenomenon of the HP bar reaching zero and the polygons that made up our bodies being destroyed was too much like the «Game Over» that we were all too familiar with. It was probable that the only way to understand the real meaning of death in SAO would be to experience it yourself. This shaky truth would have been the reason that the decrease in players slowed.
On the other hand, a lot of the players who were part of «The Army», especially the ones who had first belonged to the first group, started losing their lives while trying to clear the game and fighting monsters.
Fights in SAO needed a bit of getting used to. It was less like trying to force yourself to move but «entrusting» your movements to the system.
For example, even for a simple uppercut with a one–handed sword, if the player learned the «One–handed Sword Skill» and then equipped «Uppercut» from the list, they would only need to assume the starting motion; then the system would almost automatically move their body for them. But if someone without the skill tried to copy the movements, it would be too slow and weak to use in actual combat. It was like inputting commands in a fighting game.
The people who didn't adjust to this just swung their swords around and even lost to boars and wolves they would have been able to beat if they used the single strike skills they had by default. Even then, if they just gave up and ran away after losing some of their HP, they wouldn't have died but...
Unlike the attacks of 2D monsters that we see through a monitor screen, the battles in SAO were so real that you'd feel afraid. It was as if a real monster was baring its teeth at you and giving chase with the intention of killing you.
Even during the beta testing there were some people who panicked in the middle of a fight, but now death awaited you if you lost. The panic–stricken players forgot about using their skills and even running away, their HP disappeared and they were expelled from this world forever.
Suicide, losing to monsters. The number of crossed–out names multiplied at a terrifying pace.
When these reached two thousand, one month into the game, a cloud of despair hung over the surviving players. If the number of deaths kept increasing at this pace, all ten thousand would be dead in less than half a year. Clearing the hundredth floor seemed like a mere dream.
But... humans adapt.
A little over a month later, the first labyrinth was cleared and the number of deaths started to slow quickly. People started spreading information in order to survive and most people started to perceive that monsters weren't all that scary if you gained enough experience points and leveled up properly.
It might be possible to clear the game and return to the real world. The number of players that started thinking like that increased slowly but steadily.
The top floor was still far away, but the players started moving with this vague hope... and the world started turning again.

Now, two years later and with twenty six floors left, the number of survivors is around six thousand.
This is the current situation in Aincrad.

Chapter 5
After ending my fight with a formidable enemy that prowled the «Labyrinth Area» of floor seventy-four, I recounted my way back, as well as the past, and let out a sigh of relief as I saw the light of the entrance.
I emptied my head, walked quickly out of the passageway, and took a deep breath of the fresh, clean air.
In front of me, a narrow lane went into the thick, overgrown forest. Behind me, the labyrinth area I had just come out of soared high into the sky—until the bottom of the next floor to be more precise.
Because the game was based on getting to the top of the castle, the dungeons in this world weren't underground labyrinths but existed as towers. However, the basic setting hadn't changed: monsters stronger than the ones you met out on the fields roamed within, while the boss monster waited for you in its deepest reaches.
Right now, 80% of the 74th floor labyrinth area had been explored, or in other words, had been «mapped». In a couple of days, the boss room would most probably be discovered, and a large-scale team would be made. Then, even I, a solo player, would take part.
I smiled at myself for feeling both expectant and frustrated at the same time and started walking down the lane.
For the moment, my hometown is the biggest city in Aincrad, «Algade», which was located on the 50th floor. Well, in mere size, the Starting City was larger, but that place had now totally become «The Army»'s base of operations, so it was a little uncomfortable to walk around in.
As soon as I made it out of the now darkening plains, a forest full of old trees stretched out before me. If I walked for thirty minutes through there, I would arrive at the «Housing Area» of the 74th floor and just use the «Teleport Gate» there to warp myself over to Algade.
I could always use one of the instant teleportation items in my inventory to return to Algade at any time. But since it was a little expensive, I was reluctant to use it unless I was in a dangerous situation. There was still some time before the sun disappeared completely, so I resisted the temptation of returning to my house as fast as I could and entered the forest.
As a rule, the edges of each floor in Aincrad were usually open to the sky, apart from the support pillars. The trees burned red from the light that entered through that gap. The mist that flowed in between the rays of light shone brilliantly as it reflected the light of the sunset. The cries of the birds, which were common during the day, were hard to hear now, while the sound of branches swaying in the wind seemed magnified.
I knew quite well that I could fight the monsters that appeared in this area even while half-asleep, but the fear that comes with the dark was hard to suppress. A feeling, similar to the one I had as a kid when I was trying to get back home after losing my way, filled me.
But I didn't dislike this feeling. I had forgotten about this primitive fear sometime when I was living back on the other side. The feeling of loneliness that you get when you're traveling the wilderness with nobody in sight however much you look—you could call this the essence of an RPG.
While I was absorbed in these nostalgic memories, a cry that I'd never heard before suddenly entered my ears.
It sounded only for a moment, high and clear like a reed pipe. I stopped my feet and carefully searched for the direction the sound came from. If you heard or saw something that you'd never experienced before in this world, it meant that you were either very lucky or the opposite.
As a solo player, I'd trained my «Scan for Enemy» skill. This skill prevented ambushes and when you became more proficient at it, it gave the player the additional ability of being able to detect monsters that were in "hiding." Through it, I could see a monster hiding between the branches ten meters away.
It wasn't very big. It had green fur to camouflage itself in the leaves and had ears longer than its body. As I concentrated on it, it automatically became my target and a yellow cursor appeared along with its name.
I held my breath as soon as I read the name: «Ragout Rabbit». It was rare enough to earn the adjective "super".
It was the first time I'd actually seen the real thing. The plump rabbit that lived in the branches wasn't all that strong, nor did it give you that many experience points, but—
I silently drew a thin throwing pick from my belt. My «Knife Throwing Skill» wasn't all that high. I had simply chosen it as a branch on my skill tree at some point. But I'd heard that the Ragout Rabbit was the fastest monster among the ones that were currently known, so I didn't really have much confidence in catching it with my sword.
I had one chance to attack before the opponent noticed me. I raised my pick, praying mentally, and assumed the «Single Shot» position.
Well, however low my skill was, my hand was backed up by my high dexterity and threw the pick in a blur of motion. The pick glinted once and then was sucked into the trees. As soon as I attacked, the cursor, which showed the direction the Ragout Rabbit was in, turned red and the HP bar appeared beneath it.
A high pitched scream sounded from the direction which I'd thrown my pick. The HP bar faltered a little and then went down to 0. The familiar sound of polygons shattering resounded.
I made a fist with my left hand. I raised my right hand and opened the main menu. I opened the inventory quickly, with even my hand movements seeming too slow to me, and it was there at the very top of the newly acquired item list: «Ragout Rabbit's meat». It was a rare item that could be sold to other players at a minimum price of one hundred thousand Col. That amount of money was enough to tailor a full set of the best armor and still have change leftover.
The reason that this was so expensive was pretty simple, as it was set as the most delicious food ingredient among the numerous ingredients available in the game.
Eating was just about the only pleasure in SAO, but the only thing you could eat usually was the soup and bread that tasted as if they were from the European countryside—well not that I knew; but the fact was that it was plain. A few players who had trained their cooking skill had established this after a lot of thought in order to let the other players eat a wider range of foods. But even this wasn't that easy to get across, so as a rule the players were all deprived of taste.
Of course, my current situation wasn't much different, and I didn't dislike the soup and full wheat bread the NPC restaurant that I frequented sold. But from time to time the need to eat at least a mouthful of juicy meat overtook me.
For a while I stared at the name of the item and kept wondering what to do. The chances of me getting this sort of ingredient again were very low. To be honest, I really wanted to eat it. But the higher the ingredients' rank, the more skill was needed to actually cook it. So I had to find a master-level cook to cook this for me.
But I didn't know any. Well, I did know a few, but hunting them down for something like this was annoying. Even more than that, it was about time I got a new set of equipment. Consequently, I decided to sell it.
I closed the window as if to get rid of any regrets, and scanned the area with my skill. There wasn't a very high chance of a bandit appearing on the front lines, but you couldn't be too careful when you had an S-class item in your hands.
I'd be able to buy all the teleport items I wanted once I sold this, so I decided to minimize the risk involved and started rummaging through my pouch.
The thing that I'd taken out was a crystal shaped like an eight sided pillar that shone a rich blue. The few magic items in this world where «Magic» had been excluded were all shaped like gems. Blue was for instant teleportation, pink for recovering HP, green for antidotes, and so on. They were all convenient items that produced instant effects, but they were also expensive. So in most cases, people used cheaper items such as slow-acting potions after running away from a fight.
Telling myself that this was, without a doubt, an emergency situation, I grasped the blue crystal and shouted.
“Teleport! Algade!”
There was the refreshing sound of many bells ringing and the crystal in my hand shattered into pieces. At the same time, my body was engulfed in blue light and the forest disappeared from my vision as if it was melting. A brighter light then flashed, and when it disappeared, the teleportation was over. In place of the sound of the rustling leaves, the sound of a smith hammering and the loud sounds of the city invaded my ears.
The place I appeared at was the «Teleport Gate» that was situated in the middle of Algade.
In the middle of the circular plaza, a gate made out of metal stood over five meters high. Inside, the air swirled as if a mirage, and people who were teleporting, or who had just teleported, came and went.
Four large roads stretched in all four directions out of the plaza, and on the sides of all these roads, countless small shops were gathered. The players who sought a short refuge after a day of exploring shared conversations in front of the food menus or pubs.
If someone tried to describe Algade in one word, it would be «messy».
There were no big streets like the ones you could see in the Starting City and crisscrossing alleyways covered the whole city. There were shops that you couldn't even tell what they were selling, and inns that looked like you could never get back out once you went in.
Actually, there were a lot of players who'd accidentally gone into one of the alleyways of Algade and wandered for days before getting back out. I've been living here for almost a year now, but I still can't remember half of them. Even the NPCs here were strange people whose class was hard to guess, and it makes you think that people who use this as a hometown these days are all sort of strange.
But I liked the feel of these streets. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that the only time I felt at peace was when I was sipping some strange smelling tea at a corner shop I frequented. The reason behind this was that I felt a little sentimental because it reminded me of an electronics store I used to frequent—well not really, or I hoped not.
Thinking that I'd deal with the item before going back to my house, I started walking towards a shop.
If I followed the road that led west out of the central plaza, I would arrive at the shop after working my way through the crowds for a little bit. Inside, it was so small that five players would feel cramped in there, and it had the trademark dizziness of a player shop: the tools, weapons, and even food ingredients were mixed up.
The shop owner was busily getting worked up bargaining.
There are two ways of selling items. One was selling to an NPC, a character controlled by the system. There was no danger of being tricked but the price was always the same. To stop inflation, the price was set lower than the actual market price.
The other was trading with another player. In this case, you could sell the item for a high price if you bargained well, but you had to find someone to buy it, and arguments between the players after completing the trade weren't uncommon.
Therefore, merchant players who specialized in trading items appeared.
Merchant players couldn't live on trading itself. Like the technician classes, they had to fill half of their skill slots with battle unrelated skills. But that didn't mean that they could stay off the fields. Merchants had to fight for goods and technicians for ingredients, and, of course, they had a harder time than warriors. It was hard for them to feel the exhilarating feeling of beating an enemy.
Therefore, the reason that they chose these classes would be the noble one of helping the players who fought on the front lines every day. So I respected them deeply, if secretly.
...Well, I respected them, but it was also true that the character in front of me was someone who was very far from self-sacrificing.
“Okay, it's settled! Twenty-five «Dust Lizard's hides» for five hundred Col!”
The owner of this shop I often came to, Agil, thumped his bargaining opponent, a weak looking spearman, on the back with his thick arm. Then he quickly opened the trade window and entered the amount in his trade list.
The opponent seemed to be thinking, but as soon as he viewed Agil's face, which looked frightening enough to resemble one of a seasoned warrior —in fact, Agil was a top class axe warrior as well as a merchant— he hurried to put the items in his trade list and pressed OK.
“As always, thank you! Please visit again!”
Agil thumped the spearman's back one last time and smiled brightly. The hide of the Dusk Lizard could be used to create high standard armor. I thought that five hundred was too cheap however you looked at it. But I stayed silent and watched the spearman leave. Take this as a lesson to never give any ground when bargaining, I muttered in my mind.
“Hey, you're going about your business shamelessly as usual.”
The bald giant looked my way and smiled when I said this behind him.
“Hey, Kirito. Our shop's motto is to buy cheap and sell cheap,” he said without any sign of remorse.
“Well, I'm a little suspicious about the 'sell cheap' bit but that doesn't matter. I want to sell you something too.”
“You're a regular, so I can't trick you. Well, let's see...”
As he said this, Agil stretched his thick, short neck and looked in the trade window that I'd offered.
The avatars in SAO were all replicas of the player's real body which had been created through scans and calibrations. But every time I looked at Agil, I always asked myself how someone could have a body that fit him so well.
All 180 centimeters of his body were packed with muscle and fat, and the head that rested on top of it looked as if it'd fit a pro-wrestler villain. On top of that, he had set his hairstyle, one of the few things that could be customized, to be bald. The effect was at least as scary as the barbarian monsters.
Despite that, he had a charming face that looked childlike when he smiled. He looked in his late twenties but I couldn't even guess what he did in the real world. Not asking others about «The other side» was an unspoken rule in this world.
The two eyes that were below his thick eyebrows widened as soon as he saw the trade window.
“Wow, it's an S-rank rare item. «Ragout Rabbit's meat», it's the first time I've actually seen one... Kirito you're not that poor are you? Don't you have any thoughts of eating this?”
“Of course I have. It'll be hard to come across something like this a second time... But it's sort of hard to find someone who can cook something like this...”
Then someone behind me tapped my shoulder.
“Kirito-kun.”
It was a feminine voice. There weren't many female players who knew my name. Well actually, in this situation there was only one. I grabbed the hand on my left shoulder and said.
“Cook acquired.”
“Wh-What?”
With her hand in mine, the person stammered with a suspicious expression on her face.
The small face, which was surrounded by long straight chestnut hair that was split neatly in two, was egg-shaped, and her two sparkling hazelnut eyes were almost blinding. Her thin body was covered by a red and white knight-like combat uniform, and there was an elegant silver-white rapier sheathed in her white leather scabbard.
Her name was Asuna. She was so famous that almost everybody in SAO knew her.
There were a lot of reasons, but the first was that she was one of the very few female players, and that she was the owner of a face that lacked nothing.
It's hard to say this in this world, where everyone had their real bodies, but beautiful women were a super rare presence within it. You could most probably count the number of players that were as pretty as Asuna with your fingers.
Another reason that she's famous was because of her red and white uniform which belonged to the guild «Knights of the Blood». The members are called KoB by taking the initials from «Knights of the Blood», and, out of the many guilds, everyone acknowledged them as the best.
While it is only a medium-sized guild of about thirty players, but they were all high leveled and seasoned warriors, with the leader of the guild being its strongest player and almost a legend within SAO. Also, contrary to her delicate frame, Asuna was the sub-leader. Her sword skill was so exceptional that it had earned her the title «Flash».
So her appearance and sword skill were at the zenith of six thousand players. It would have been strange for her not to have become famous. She had numerous fans, but among them there were some stalkers who virtually worship her, and there were also those who hate her, so it seems like she's having a hard time.
Well, since she is a top class warrior, there shouldn't be that many that would challenge her directly. But as if the guild wanted to show that they would protect her, she's often trailed by two or more bodyguards. Even now, there were two men a few steps behind her fully equipped in metal armor and KoB uniforms. One of them, with his hair in a pony tail, was glaring at me, who had grabbed Asuna's hand.
I let go of her hand, shook mine in his direction, and replied.
“What's up, Asuna? For you to be coming to such a rubbish heap like this.”
The face of the man with the pony tail and the shop owner's faces convulsed; one because I didn't call Asuna with her title and the other because I called his shop a rubbish heap. But the shop owner...
“It's been a while, Agil-san.”
...gave a sunny smile after hearing Asuna's greeting.
Asuna looked back at me and pouted her lips in discontent.
“Hey, what's this? After all the trouble I went through to see if you were alive for the boss fight that's going to take place soon.”
“You've already listed me as a friend so you'd be able to tell if you just looked at that. Anyway the only reason you could find me was because you used a friend trace on your map.”
Asuna turned her head to the side as soon as I answered.
She was also responsible for progressing through the game in the guild as well as being a sub-leader. That job included searching out selfish solo players like me and forming a party to fight bosses. But even then, to actually come to see me, there should be a limit to how devoted a person could be.
Looking at my half-tired, half-amazed expression, Asuna put her hands on her hips before saying with a motion that was akin to raising her chin.
“Well, you're alive and that's all that matters. M-More than that, what do you mean? You were saying something about a chef or something.”
“Oh, right right. How high is your cooking skill right now?”
By what I knew, Asuna was particularly focused on raising her cooking skill whenever she found time in between training her sword skills. She answered my question with a proud smile.
“Listen and be surprised! I «Mastered» it last week.”
“What!?”
She's... an idiot.
I thought that for a second. I didn't say it out loud, of course.
Training skills was mind-numbingly boring and extremely time-consuming, and could only be «Mastered» after leveling them up 1000 times. On that note, levels didn't have anything to do with skills and went up by gaining experience points. The things that went up with the levels were HP, strength, stats like dexterity, and the number of «Skill Slots» which decided how many skills you could learn.
Right now I have twelve slots, but the only ones that had been completed were my one-handed straight sword skill, Scan for Enemy skill, and my Weapon Guard skill. It meant that this girl had spent a lot of time and effort on a skill that wasn't even of any help in battle.
“...Well, I've got something to ask you to do, trusting that skill.”
I waved her over and put my window on show mode so that she could see it. Asuna looked at it suspiciously, and then her eyes widened at the name of the item.
“Uwa!! That...That's an S-rank food ingredient!?”
“Let's trade. If you cook this, I'll let you have a bite.”
Even before I stopped talking, that right hand of «Flash» Asuna grabbed me by the collar. Then she pushed her face to a few centimeters before mine.
“Give. Me. Half!!”
My chest stopped at this sudden ambush and I nodded without thinking. When I got back to my senses it was too late, and she was waving her arm with excitement. Well, let's consider it a good thing that I can watch that delicate face from so close. I convinced myself.
I closed the window and spoke while looking at Agil's face.
“Sorry. I'll stop the trade.”
“No. It's fine but... Hey, we're friends right? Eh? Can't you give me a taste...?”
“I'll give you an eight hundred word essay on it.”
“D-Don't be like that!”
As I cold-heartedly turned my back on Agil, he called out in a voice that seemed as if it was the end of the world. As I made to walk away, Asuna grabbed the sleeve of my coat.
“Cooking's good, but where are we going to do it?”
“Ah...”
If you're going to cook, then you needed some cooking appliances, such as a stove or an oven, as well as the ingredients. It wasn't as if my house didn't have them, but I couldn't invite the sub-leader of the KoB into a messy place like that.
Asuna looked at me with an unbelieving expression on her face.
“Well, your house wouldn't have the proper appliances anyway. But I could serve it to you in my house just this once.”
She said something shocking in a calm voice.
Asuna ignored me, who was standing there frozen as if I was lagging while my brain processed this, and turned to her guards and spoke.
“I'm going to teleport to «Salemburg» soon, so its fine if you go. Thank you for your hard work.”
“A-Asuna-sama! Coming into the slums was bad enough, but to invite someone as suspicious as him to your house. Wh-What are you thinking!?”
I couldn't believe what I just heard. «Sama» he said. He must be one of the worshipers. As I looked at Asuna with these thoughts, the person in question had an annoyed expression on her face.
“OK, maybe you could call him suspicious, but his skill is unquestionable. He's most probably ten levels above you Kuradeel.”
“Wh-What are you saying? To say that I'm not even equal to someone like that...!”
The man's voice sounded all the way out to the alley. He glared at me with his heavily lidded eyes. Then his face scrunched up as if he suddenly recognized something.
“That's right... You, you were definitely a «Beater»!”
Beater was made by mixing «Beta tester» and «Cheater». It was a word meant for people who used unfair means and a swearword that was unique to SAO. It was something I'd heard a lot of times. But however many times I heard it, it still hurt me deeply. The face of the person who had first said it to me, who had once been a friend, suddenly appeared in my head.
“Yeah. You're right.”
When I affirmed it with an expressionless face, the guy started talking excitedly.
“Asuna-sama, these sorts of guys don't care about anything as long as they're fine! There's nothing to gain from mixing with these kinds of people!”
Asuna, who had been calm until now, suddenly knotted her eyebrows in disgust. A crowd had suddenly appeared and the words «KoB» and «Asuna» could be heard here and there.
Asuna looked around and said to the man who was getting more excited by the minute.
“Well, please leave for today. That's an order.”
She spoke bluntly and grabbed my belt with her left hand. Then she started walking towards the gate plaza, dragging me as she went.
“Err...hey! Is it okay to leave them like that?”
“It's fine!”
Well, I've got no reason to complain. We made our way through the crowd, leaving the two guards and Agil, who was still disappointed. When I glanced back one last time, the furious expression of the man called Kuradeel stuck to my vision like an afterimage.

Chapter 6
Salemburg was a beautiful castle-city on the 61st floor.
It isn't all that big. But the city, with a castle which has serene spires at its center, was delicately built from white granite and contrasted spectacularly with the overflowing green foliage. There were quite a few shops in the market so a lot of players wanted to use this place as their home city. But since the houses were crazily expensive —they must be at least three times the price of Algade— it's almost impossible to buy one unless you were at a high level.
When Asuna and I arrived at the teleport gate in Salemburg, the sun had almost set, and the final rays of light lit the streets a dark purple.
Most of the 61st floor was taken up by a lake, and Salemburg was located on an island in the middle of it, so one could see the setting sun reflected on it like a picture on a canvas.
I gazed at the city in awe, my breath taken away by its beauty as it shined blue and red with the vast lake behind it. Not that it would be that hard for the Nerve Gear to create lighting effects like this with CPUs of the new generation and their diamond semiconductors.
The teleport gate was placed in the plaza in front of the castle and the main street, which headed north going through the city and was lined by street lamps. The stores and houses stood orderly on either side of the street, and even the NPCs that were walking around looked well dressed somehow. I spread my arms and breathed deeply, as even the taste of the air differed from Algade.
“Hmmm. It's large and has few people. I like how it feels so spacious.”
“Then why don't you move?”
“I don't have anywhere near enough money,” I answered with a shrug before fixing my expression and asking hesitatingly.
“...More importantly, is it really okay? Back there...”
“...”
As if she realized what I was trying to say, Asuna twirled around with her head bowed down and tapped the floor with the tip of her boot.
“...It's true that some bad things happened a couple of times when I was alone. But assigning bodyguards to me is going a bit too far, right? I said I didn't need them, but... the members said that it's guild policy.”
She continued in a subdued voice.
“In the past, the guild was small with the leader inviting people individually by talking with them. But as the number of members grew, it started changing... Then when it began to be called the greatest guild or so, something became a bit strange.”
She stopped talking and turned around slightly. Something in her eyes seemed like she wanted to rely on me, and I subconsciously stopped breathing.
I had to say something. I thought that, but what could a selfish solo player like me say? I simply watched in silence for a few seconds.
Asuna turned her gaze first. She watched the lake, bathed in soft light, and said, as if to get rid of the awkwardness,
“Well, it's not a big deal, so you don't have to worry! If we don't go quickly, the sun is going to set.”
Asuna set off first, and I followed suit. We passed by quite a lot of players, but none of them stared at her.
I only stayed here for a couple of days when the front line had been here, so I never really looked around properly. As I looked at the delicate carvings that adorned the city, the thought that living in a city like this for a while wouldn't be too bad came unbidden to my mind. But then I changed my mind and decided that it would be better if I only came here once in a while to sight-see.
The house where Asuna lived was a small but pretty three-floored maisonette which you could get to by walking eastward from the downtown area for a few minutes. It was, of course, the first time that I had come here. Now that I thought about it, I'd only talked to this girl during boss fight conferences; and we'd never even been to an NPC restaurant together before. As I became conscious of this, I stopped in front of the doorway, suddenly tense, and asked.
“Is it... alright? Y'know...”
“What? It's something I suggested first, and there wasn't anywhere that was fit for cooking so we don't have a choice!”
Asuna turned her head and bounced up the stairs. I steeled my resolve and followed her.
“E-Excuse me.”
I hesitantly opened the door then stood there, speechless.
I'd never seen a home so well-ordered before. The wide living/dining room and the kitchen adjacent to it had furniture made out of light-colored wood and was decorated with moss green cloth. They were all most probably the highest-quality player-made items.
But it wasn't overly decorated either, nor did it make you feel uncomfortable. It was totally different from my house. I felt overwhelmingly relieved that I hadn't invited her to my house.
“Erm...how much did this cost...?”
At my materialistic question.
“Hmm-, with the house and the furniture, about 4000k? I'm going to change so just sit anywhere you want.”
She answered lightly and disappeared through a doorway. "K" is short for thousand. 4000k meant four million Col. I practically lived on the front lines, so I could save up that much if I tried. But I always wasted it on either some strange item or a sword that caught my eye, so I never saved up. I chastised myself, which was out of character, and sank into the spongy sofa.
Asuna appeared after a short while, fully changed into a simple white tunic and a knee-length skirt. Well, I say changed but there's no actual taking off and putting on involved. All you have to do is fiddle with the figure in the stats window. But there were a few seconds when the player was only dressed in their underwear. So unless they were a very bold male player, most players, especially girls, did not change in front of others. Our bodies may be nothing more than just a bunch of data rendered into 3D, but that sort of thinking got hazy after two years, and right now my eyes went to Asuna's bare arms and legs without any remorse.
Asuna, clueless to my inner-conflict, threw a sharp look my way and said.
“Are you planning to stay dressed like that?”
I quickly opened my menu screen and took off my leather coat and sword. While I was at it, I brought the «Ragout Rabbit's meat» out as well and put it, which was in a clay bowl, on the table in front of me.
“So this is the legendary S-rank food ingredient— ...So, what should I make?”
“Ch-Chef's recommendation.”
“Oh...? Well then, let's have stew. It even has «ragout» in its name.”
Asuna headed into the next room; I followed.
The kitchen was large, and the various appliances that I could see next to the oven looked expensive. Asuna double clicked on the oven's surface, set the time on the pop up window that appeared, and pulled out a metal pot from the cupboard. She put the raw meat in it, threw a couple of herbs in, and then poured water inside it before closing the lid.
“If I was actually cooking, I would need to make all sorts of preparations. But in SAO, it's so short that it's no fun.”
She put the pot in the oven and pressed the "Start" button on the menu as she complained. Even as the 300 seconds counted down, she moved about with precision, making various other side dishes. I watched in a stupefied daze as she went about, not making even a single mistake in operating the menu or in the actual tasks.
In just five minutes, the table was fully set, and Asuna and I sat down across from each other. The brown stew looked incredibly delicious as it rested on the plate in front of me. Its smell enticed me as the steam rose slowly from it. Smooth, rich sauce covered the thick meat, and the creamy white marbling on it was truly enchanting.
We lifted our spoons and felt that even the time spent saying, “Thank you for the meal,” was too long. Then we ate a mouthful of the best food in existence in SAO. I tasted the heat and flavor in my mouth, and as I bit into the meat, the juices inside poured out.
Eating in SAO didn't calculate and simulate the feeling of biting into the food. Instead it used a «Taste Reproduction Engine» that Argus and an affiliated environment programming designer had made together.
This sent preprogrammed sensations of «eating» various foods and could make the user feel as if they were actually eating something in real life. It was originally designed for people who were on diets or needed to restrict the amount of food they ate, so it sent fake signals to the parts of the brain registering heat, taste, and smell to trick it. In other words, our real bodies weren't actually eating anything right now, and all that's happening was that the program was wildly stimulating our brains.
But thinking of such things in this situation was just not cool. I was, without a doubt, eating the best food I've tasted since logging on. Asuna and I didn't say a word and continued to go through the process of scooping up the soup with our spoons and bringing it to our mouths.
Finally, as we cleaned our dishes —in every sense of the word, as though the stew actually existed— and left the empty plate and pot in front of her, Asuna let out a big sigh.
“Ah...I did well to stay alive till now...”
I totally agreed. Feeling full with the pleasure of having completely fulfilled a basic need for the first time in a long while, I sipped the mysterious-smelling tea. Does the taste of the meat I just ate and of the tea I'm sipping actually exist in the real world? Or were they man-made by manipulating the system? I pondered these thoughts absent-mindedly.
Asuna, sitting opposite of me with a tea cup held in her two hands, broke the few minutes of silence that lingered after the end of the feast.
“It's strange somehow... How should I put it, I feel like, I was born in this world and I've been living here until now or something.”
“...Me too. Lately there have been some days when I didn't think about the other world at all. It's not just me either... There aren't many people who are obsessed with 'clearing' or 'escaping' nowadays.”
“The pace has slackened as well. There are only about five hundred players on the front lines now. It's not only because of the danger... Everyone, has gotten used to it, to this world...”
I simply stared at Asuna's beautiful face, with the light from the orange lamp reflecting on it.
That face, it was definitely not a human's. With smooth skin and the shiny hair, it was too beautiful to belong to a life form. But to me, the face didn't look like it was made from a bunch of polygons anymore. I could accept that it was what it was. If I returned to the real world now and saw an actual person, I'd probably feel pretty disconcerted.
Did I really think that I wanted to go back... to that world...?
I was puzzled by the sudden thought. I woke up early and gained experience points while mapping the labyrinth. Was this really because I wanted to escape from the game?
In the past, I really did. I wanted to get out as fast as I could from this death game where you had no idea when you could die. But now I've gotten used to the game—
“But I want to go back.”
Asuna said in a clear voice as if she'd seen my inner conflict. I raised my head sharply.
Asuna smiled at me for some reason and continued.
“Because, there are so many things, that I haven't done yet.”
I willingly nodded to this.
“Yeah, I suppose we have to try our best. I won't be able to look at the faces of those technician classes that supported us if we don't...”
I drank a mouthful of tea, as if to get rid of the conflict inside me. The top floor was still far away. It wouldn't be too late to think about all this then.
Feeling strangely honest, I stared at Asuna while trying to pick the appropriate words to express my gratitude. Then Asuna scrunched up her face and waved her hand, saying.
“N-N-No.”
“Wh-What?”
“Some male players have confessed to me when they made that expression.”
“Wha...?”
Disappointingly, although I had mastered my battle skills, I'd never experienced that before, so I simply opened and closed my mouth without being able to rebuke it in any way.
Asuna looked at me and laughed. I must seem pretty half-witted right now.
“So there's no one that you're particularly close to?”
“What's wrong with that...? Well, it's fine, I'm a solo anyway.”
“Well, since you're playing an MMORPG, you should make some friends.”
Asuna erased her smile and asked, as if she had suddenly become a teacher or an older sister.
“Don't you ever have any thoughts about joining a guild?”
“Eh...?”
“I understand that a beta tester like you can't get used to groups, but...”
Her expression became serious again.
“After the 70th floor, I think more random variants are appearing in the monsters' algorithms.”
I felt this too. Did the programmers plan for the CPU's tactics to become harder to read, or was it the result of the program actually learning by itself? If the latter was true, it would just keep getting harder.
“If you're solo, it'll get harder to take care of unexpected situations. You can't always escape. It'll be much safer if you're in a party.”
“I have enough safety nets. Thank you for your advice but...guilds are, just...and...”
It would have been better if I had just stopped there, but I started bragging instead.
“Party members are usually more of a burden than any help, in my case.”
“Oh, really?”
*Flash*, a silver streak seemed to cut the air in front of me, and by the time I registered it, Asuna's knife was already held just in front of my nose. It's a basic rapier skill, «Linear». Well, I say basic, but because of Asuna's overwhelming dexterity, the speed was amazing. To tell the truth, I couldn't even see the weapon's trajectory.
With a forced smile, I raised my arms in a sign of defeat.
“...Okay, you're an exception.”
“Hmmph.”
She pulled the knife away with a bored expression, and then as she spun it around with her fingers, she said something unexpected.
“Then party with me. As the head of the boss party, I'll see if you're as strong as the rumors say. I've shown you that I'm good enough. Also, this week's lucky color is black.”
“What, what are you saying!?”
I almost fell over at this absurd proclamation and searched frantically for an argument against it.
“If...If you're going to do that, what about your guild!?”
“It's not as if we have a level quota.”
“Then, then what about your bodyguards?”
“I'm going to leave them behind.”
I raised the teacup to my mouth in a bid to buy some time but realized that it was already empty. Asuna took it from me with a smug expression on her face and refilled it with the hot liquid from the pot.
To tell the truth—it was an attractive offer. Almost any guy would want to party with someone you could call the prettiest girl in Aincrad. But because of this, I kept asking myself why such a famous person like Asuna would want to party with me.
Perhaps she pitied me because I was a lonely solo player? Something that I said almost unconsciously, as I was filled with these negative thoughts, almost became my demise.
“The front lines are dangerous.”
Asuna's knife went up again and shined with a seemingly brighter light than before. I nodded as quickly as I could. Even with my doubts about why she chose me, who wasn't all that noticeable among the people who were trying to clear the game, I said with resolution.
“O-Okay. Then...I'll be waiting in front of the gate of the 74th floor, tomorrow morning at nine.”
Asuna answered with a confident smile as she lowered her hand.
Not knowing how long I could stay at a woman's house without being rude, I said goodbye as soon as we finished eating. As Asuna accompanied me to the foot of the stairs in the building, she tilted her head a little to the side and spoke.
“Well... I suppose I'll have to thank you for today. The food was good.”
“Ah me, me too. I want to ask you for your help again... but I suppose I won't be able to get my hands on something like that again.”
“Oh, even normal food tastes different if you're skilled enough.”
Asuna replied before turning her head up to look at the sky. The sky had been completely covered with the darkness of nighttime. But, of course, you couldn't see any stars. A gloomy cover of iron and stone closed it off one hundred meters up in the air. I lifted my head as well and muttered.
“...This situation, this world, is this what Kayaba Akihiko wanted to make...?”
Both of us couldn't answer this question that was aimed half at myself.
Kayaba, who was surely watching this world while hiding somewhere, what could he be thinking? This peaceful situation that came after the bloodstained confusion of the beginning, would it have satisfied or disappointed him? There was no way I could know.
As Asuna stepped closer to me silently, I could feel a slight warmth at my arm. Was I imagining it, or was it the result of the ever faithful simulators?
November 6, 2022 was the day this death game started, and now it was nearing the end of October 2024. Even today, after almost two years, not a single message had come through from the other side, let alone any signs of help. All we could do was live and walk, step by step, towards the top.
Another day passed on Aincrad as I thought this. Where were we going, or what was waiting for us at the end, it's all just a huge bunch of stuff that we didn't know yet. The road ahead is long, and the light is faint. But— there are some good things too.
As I looked at the huge iron cover, I let my imagination take flight towards the unknown world that I have yet to see.

Chapter 7
9 A.M.
Today's weather setting was slightly cloudy, and the morning mist that covered the city still hadn't cleared. The light that shone from outside was reflected off it, dyeing the surroundings in a lemon-yellow color.
According to the Aincrad calendar, it was the «Month of the Ash Tree», which meant that we were getting further into fall. The temperature was slightly cold, making this the most refreshing month of the year. But right now, I felt a little under the weather.
I was waiting for Asuna at the gate plaza in the living area of the 74th floor. I couldn't sleep last night for some reason, and all I did in my simple bed in Algade was toss about in one way or another. I think I managed to fall asleep a little past three in the morning. There were plenty of features in SAO that helped the player, but sadly a button that could make you fall asleep wasn't one of them.
Oddly enough, the opposite did exist. In the time-related options of the menu, there was something called «Alarm Clock» which forced the player to wake up from their sleep. Of course, the choice of going back to sleep again or not was entirely up to you, but I succeeded in gathering enough will-power to crawl out of my bed when the system woke me up at ten to nine.
Perhaps to the blessing of the lazier players, there was no need to wash or change in the game—although some of the stranger players seem to bathe on a daily basis. But since replicating a completely liquid environment was hard even for the Nerve Gear, it couldn't reproduce a real bath perfectly. After waking up a little too close to the meeting time, I put on all my equipment in twenty seconds and walked out of Algade's teleport gate with a slight sway out to where I, slightly annoyed by the lack of sleep, waited for her, but—
“She's late...”
The time was already ten past nine. Diligent gamers were appearing from the gate and walking towards the Labyrinth area one after another.
With nothing much to do, I looked at the labyrinth map and the completion rates of my skills, stats that I already knew mostly by heart.
Ahh, I wish I had a portable game console or something.
I was rendered speechless by that sudden thought. To want to play a game within a game, I was getting worse.
Should I just go back and sleep... I even started thinking. Another blue teleport effect appeared inside the gate for god knows how many times. I watched without much expectation. But then—
“Kyaaaaa! Please get out of the way—!”
“Ahhhhhh!?”
Usually players who teleported appeared on the ground, but this person appeared a meter off it and—flew through the air, heading straight for me.
“Huh, huh...!?”
Without any time to catch or dodge, we collided and fell to the ground in a single heap. I hit the back of my head on the stone ground, hard. If I wasn't inside of a settlement, a couple of dots from my HP would have been taken away.
This meant—that this idiot player had, most likely, jumped into the gate from the other side and appeared like that here. The thought flashed calmly though my mind. Still a bit dizzy, I raised my arm and grabbed the idiot on top of me in an attempt to push the person off.
“...Hmm?”
The feeling of something strange and full registered in my hand. I squeezed it twice, and three times to figure out what the springy and rich feeling in my hand was.
“K-Kya—!!”
Suddenly, a loud scream sounded in my ear and my head hit the ground again. At the same time, the weight lifted from my body.
In front of me, there was a female player that was sitting on the ground, wearing a red on white knight uniform and a knee-length miniskirt, with a silver-white rapier in her scabbard. And for some reason, she was glaring at me with an inexplicable anger evident in her eyes. Her face was experiencing the highest degree of the emotion effect and was red all the way to her ears, and her two arms were crossed protectively against her chest— ...Chest...?
I was immediately able to guess what I had been grabbing with my right hand. At the same time I realized, a little too late, the dangerous situation that I was in. All the ways to avoid dangerous situations that I had trained into my head had all but vanished. While opening and closing my right hand, not knowing what to do with it, I opened my mouth.
“H-Hey. Good morning, Asuna.”
The anger in her eyes seemed to flare brighter. Those were definitely the eyes of someone who was contemplating drawing their weapon.
I started inspecting the need for the «escape» option that had flashed to mind when the gate shined blue again. Asuna looked back with a surprised expression and got up quickly before hiding behind me.
“Eh...?”
Without knowing why, I stood up as well. The gate shined brighter when a newcomer appeared in the middle of it. This time, the player had both feet on the ground.
As the light faded, I recognized the person inside, and the impressive white cape with a red symbol on it. The man, who wore a KoB uniform and carried a sword that seemed to be a little overly decorated, was the long haired bodyguard who had been following Asuna around yesterday. His name was Kuradeel or something.
Kuradeel's frown grew deeper as he saw Asuna behind me. He didn't look all that old. He would only be around his early twenties, but the wrinkles on his face made him look older. He clenched his teeth so hard that we could almost hear it and then spoke with a barely concealed anger.
“A...Asuna-sama, you shouldn't be acting on your own like this...!”
As I heard the voice that bordered on hysterical, I thought This is going to get complicated and pulled in my shoulders. With his heavily lidded eyes glowering, Kuradeel spoke again.
“Now, Asuna-sama, let's return to HQ.”
“No. I'm not even on duty today! ...And Kuradeel, why were you standing in front of my house so early in the morning?”
Asuna replied angrily behind me.
“Fufu, I knew that something like this would occur, so I've been going to Salemburg to watch your house since a month ago.”
I could only be surprised at Kuradeel's proud answer. Asuna froze too. After a long silence, she asked with a forced voice.
“That...That's not part of the leader's orders is it...?”
“My duty is to escort you, Asuna-sama. Watching your house is included in...”
“What do you mean included, idiot!”
Kuradeel walked over, his expression becoming even more angry and annoyed, then pushed me out of the way and grabbed Asuna's hand.
“You don't seem to understand. Please don't be like this... Now, let's go back to HQ.”
Asuna appeared to have been frightened by the voice that seemed to hide something barely concealed behind it. She threw an imploring look my way.
To tell the truth, I was wondering whether to run away like I always did until that point. But the moment I saw Asuna's eyes, my hand started moving by itself. I grabbed Kuradeel's right arm, the one that was grabbing Asuna, and increased the strength in my hand until just before the crime prevention code would be invoked.
“Sorry, but I'm borrowing your sub-captain for today.”
The line sounded stupid even to my ears, but I couldn't back down now. Kuradeel, who had been purposefully ignoring me until now, scrunched his face up and pulled his hand away.
“You...!”
He screamed in a voice that seemed to rasp. Even if the system overstated expressions, there was still something that seemed strange behind his voice.
“I'll guarantee Asuna's safety. It's not like we're going to fight a boss today. You can return to HQ by yourself.”
“D...Don't kid with me!! Do you think a pathetic player like you can protect Asuna-sama!!”
“Better than you can, most likely.”
“Y-You insolent fool...! I-If you can talk big, I suppose you're prepared to back it up...?”
Kuradeel, his face now white, called the menu screen with his right hand and manipulated it quickly. Soon a semi-transparent system message appeared in front of me. I could guess what it is before I even read it.
[A 1-on-1 duel has been requested by Kuradeel. Do you accept?]
Below the expressionlessly shining letters were the Yes/No buttons and a number of other options. I glanced sideways at Asuna. She couldn't see the message but seemed to have guessed what was going on. I thought that she would try and stop me, but surprisingly she nodded slightly with a rigid expression.
“...Is it okay? Won't this pose a problem in the guild...?”
Asuna answered my whispered question with one of her own.
“It's fine. I'll report this to the leader myself.”
I nodded in reply, then pressed Yes and chose the «First Strike Mode» from the options.
This was a duel that could be won either by landing the first clean hit or by reducing the opponent's HP to half. The message changed to [You have accepted the 1-on-1 duel with Kuradeel], and a countdown of 60 seconds appeared below it. The moment that number reached zero, the HP protection system that was in effect within the town would be momentarily withdrawn, and he and I would be able to cross swords until one of us won.
Kuradeel seemed to have made his own interpretation of Asuna's consent.
“Please watch, Asuna-sama! I will prove that there is no one better than I to escort you!”
He shouted with an expression that barely concealed his delight, drawing his huge two-handed sword from his waist, and positioning himself with a clanking sound.
I made sure that Asuna had moved further away before I drew my one-handed sword from my back. As one would expect from a member of a famous guild, his sword looked much better than mine. It wasn't just the size difference between a one-handed and a two-handed sword, but that while my sword was a simple and practical weapon, his had been fully decorated by a top class craftsman.
As we stood about five meters apart, waiting for the countdown to finish, people started crowding around us. It wasn't all that strange. This was a gate plaza in the middle of a town, and both of us were pretty well-known players.
“The solo player Kirito and a KoB member are having a duel!”
As someone shouted that, cheers could be heard from here and there. Since duels were usually for comparing your skills to a friend's, all of the spectators cheered and whistled, ignorant to the situation that had led up to this.
But as the timer counted down, all of this started to fade away. I felt a cold thread pass through my body like when I was fighting a monster. I focused in order to read the atmosphere around Kuradeel, who was looking about here and there with glances of annoyance, and examined his stance and the way his feet moved.
Humans were far more liable to show certain habits when they were about to use a skill. Whether it was a charging or defending skill, or if it would start low from the ground or from high up, if their body revealed this kind of information, then it became a critical weakness.
Kuradeel's sword was leaning a bit back from the middle of his body and his lower body was bent down. It was clearly a sign that he was going to use a high aiming charge-type attack. Of course, it could have been a feint. I myself was actually posing with my sword in a low and relaxed posture, giving the impression that my first attack was going to be a weak blow to his lower body. You could only rely on your experience and "feel" when searching for feints.
As the countdown went down to single digits, I closed the window. I couldn't even hear the noise around me anymore.
I saw Kuradeel, who had been rapidly switching his gaze from me to the window and then back, go still as his muscles tensed. The word [DUEL!!] appeared in the space between us, and I jumped. Sparks flew from the sole of my boot, and the air whistled by as my shoulder cut through it.
Not even a moment had passed before Kuradeel's body began to move as well. But there was an expression of surprise on his face, since I had shattered his expectations of a low, defend-type attack skill and charged.
Kuradeel's first attack was, as I had guessed, a high hitting two-handed sword charge skill: «Avalanche». If the guard was too weak, the defender might be able to block the blow but wouldn't be able to counterattack straight away due to the impact; meanwhile, the player who used it would be able to buy time to ready his stance again, since the charge widened the distance between them. It was a very good high level skill. Well, at least against monsters.
I, who had already read what Kuradeel was going to do, chose the charge-type skill «Sonic Leap». If we both kept charging, our skills would collide.
If we were to look at only the strength of the skill, his was stronger, and the game would favor the heavier skill if two attacks collided. In this case my sword would be deflected, and his skill would hit me, weakened but still enough to end the duel. But I wasn't after Kuradeel himself.
The space between us narrowed quickly. But my perception had been quickened as well, and it felt like time had slowed down. I wasn't sure if this was a result of the system, or if it was an ability that humans naturally had. All I knew was that I could see all of his movements.
The sword, which was leaning backwards, started giving off an orange light as it sped towards me. His stats must have been pretty high, as one would expect from the best guild, since the time it took for the skill to start was shorter than I expected. The brightly shining blade rushed in. If I hit that skill straight on, there was no doubt that I'd receive enough damage to end the duel. Kuradeel's face showed his ecstasy at his apparent victory. But—
My sword, with its head-start, moved a little quicker, drawing a slanted green trajectory and hitting his sword just before it ended its attack. The game calculated the damage dealt by my sword, producing a huge spark.
Another result of two weapons colliding was «Weapon Break». It only had a chance of happening when a weapon received a heavy blow to a weak part of its structure.
But I was certain that it would break. Weapons with too much decoration had low durability.
Just as expected—with an ear-wrenching sound—Kuradeel's two-handed blade broke. There was an effect like an explosion.
We passed by each other in mid-air and landed at where the other had jumped. The broken half of his sword spun in mid-air, reflecting the sunlight, before it imbedded itself into the stone ground between us. After that, both the broken half and the half remaining in Kuradeel's hands shattered into countless polygon fragments.
Silence overtook the plaza for a while. All of the spectators were frozen with their mouths wide open. But after I landed, stood up, and habitually swung my sword from left to right, they started cheering.
“Awesome!”
“Was he actually aiming for that!?”
As I heard everyone starting to critique the short fight, I sighed. Even if it was a single skill, revealing even one card from my hand wasn't something to be happy about.
With the sword in my hand, I started walking over to where Kuradeel was sitting with his back turned. That back, covered by the white cape, was shaking violently. After loudly sheathing my sword on purpose, I said in a small voice.
“If you want to come again with a new weapon, I'll fight you again... But this is enough, right?”
Kuradeel didn't even try to look at me. He shook with both hands on the ground as if he was sick. But soon, he said with an almost creaky voice, “I resign.” He could have just said <I give up> or <I lose> in Japanese.
Immediately afterwards, a row of purple lines appeared exactly where it had first shown when the fight started, this time proclaiming the end of the duel and the victor. Another cheer resounded, and then Kuradeel stood up shakily and shouted at the spectators.
“What are you looking at!? Get lost!”
Then he turned slowly towards me.
“You... I'm going to kill you... I'll definitely kill you...”
I couldn't deny that I was a little freaked out by those eyes.
Emotions in SAO felt a little overstated, but even with that, the hate that burned in Kuradeel's heavily lidded eyes were scarier than any monster's.
Somebody slid to my side as I stood there in surprise.
“Kuradeel, I order you as the sub-leader of the Knights of the Blood. I relieve you from the position of bodyguard. Go back to HQ and remain there until further orders.”
Asuna's words and expression were both cold. But I felt the distress behind them and unconsciously put my hand on her shoulder. Asuna leaned her stiffly tensed body a bit.
“...Wh...What...this...”
This sound barely reached our ears. The rest, most probably a string of swearing, were lost in his mouth. Kuradeel glared at us. There was no doubt that he was thinking about attacking us with his reserve weapon, even though he knew that the crime prevention code would stop him.
But he just barely managed to restrain himself and took out a teleport crystal from inside his coat. He raised it, gripping it so hard that I thought it was going to break, and he muttered “Teleport... Grandum.” He was glaring at us with hate even as his body disappeared in a flurry of blue light.
As the light disappeared, a bitter silence spread across the plaza. The spectators seemed stunned by Kuradeel's rage but soon left in their small groups. Asuna and I were eventually the only ones left.
What should I say? That thought went round and round in my head, but since I'd been living by myself for two years, nothing useful came to mind. I didn't even feel like making sure if I did the right thing.
Then finally, Asuna stepped away and started speaking with a fragile voice.
“...Sorry. I got you mixed up in this.”
“No...I'm fine, but will you be okay?”
Shaking her head slowly, the sub-leader of the greatest guild gave a spirited but weak smile.
“Yeah, I think that I'm to blame as well for enforcing the rules on everyone so harshly in order to clear the game quicker...”
“I think... that you can't do anything about that. If they didn't have somebody like you, the pace would be much slower. Well, that's not really something a lazy solo player like me should be saying... Ah, I didn't mean that.”
I didn't even know what I was trying to say anymore, so I started saying anything that came off the top of my head.
“...So, nobody would be able to say anything about, you... taking a breather with somebody as thoughtless as me.”
To this, Asuna blinked a few times with a confused expression, then she smiled somewhat bitterly and softened her face.
“...Well, I'll say thanks. Then I'll enjoy today as much as I can. I'll entrust you with the position of forward.”
She turned energetically and started walking down the road that led out of the town.
“What? Hey! Forward is supposed to be taken in turns!”
Even as I complained, I let out a sigh of relief and followed the softly waving chestnut-brown hair.

Chapter 8
The air surrounding the path through the forest was warm. It was almost as if the dark feeling that had been present here last night was just an illusion. The morning sun shined through the branches, making golden pillars of light which butterflies fluttered through. Sadly, these were only visual effects, so you couldn't catch one even if you chased it down.
As she crunched through the soft undergrowth, Asuna said teasingly.
“You are always wearing the same thing.”
Ah.
I looked down at my body: a slack black leather jacket, a pair of pants, and a shirt of the same color. I had virtually no metal armor equipped.
“Well, so what? If you have enough money to spend on clothes, it's better to buy something to eat...”
“Is there a practical reason that you're wearing all black? Or is it just character expression?”
“W-Well, what about you? You're always wearing that white and red thing...”
As I spoke, I started scanning the area by force of habit without even thinking about it. There weren't any monsters around. But—
“I can't help it. This is the guild unifo... huh? Why?”
“Wait a bit...”
I raised my right hand slightly and cut Asuna off. There was a player at the edge of my scan area. As I focused on the area behind me, numerous green cursors started flashing, showing that there were a lot of players there.
There was no chance that they were a group of bandits. Bandits always hunted for players that were weaker than them, so they were rarely seen around the front lines, where all the strongest players were. More importantly, whenever a player committed a crime, their cursor would turn orange and wouldn't turn back to green for a long time. What I was worried about was their numbers.
I called the map from the main menu and put it on show mode so that Asuna could see it. The map of the area was enhanced by my scan and showed the green cursors. There were twelve of them.
“That's a lot...”
I nodded at what Asuna said. Usually when there were too many members in a party, it became harder to fight as a group, so five or six was the typical number.
“Look at that size.”
The crowd of lights that were fast approaching in this direction marched in neat lines of two. Maybe this would happen in a dangerous dungeon, but it was rare to see such a large uniform group on the field.
If we could see the level of the members, we might have been able to guess what they were doing, but players couldn't even see the names of other players that they'd met for the first time. It was a default system that was put in place to prevent players from PKing —player killing— too freely, but it also left us with no choice but to simply guess at their level by appraising their equipment.
I closed the map and glanced at Asuna.
“We'll have to take a look at them. Let's hide behind the trees until they pass by.”
“Yeah, you're right.”
Asuna nodded with a tense expression. We climbed up a small mount and crouched behind a shrub that came up to about our heights. It was a good position to observe the group as they passed by.
“Ah...”
Asuna suddenly looked at her clothes. The red and white uniform was pretty noticeable against the green plants.
“What should I do? I don't have any other equipment...”
The dots were pretty close now. They were getting within viewing distance.
“Excuse me for a bit.”
I opened my coat and covered Asuna with it as well. Asuna glared at me for a bit but allowed me to cover her. The coat wasn't all that good to look at, but it gave a big hiding bonus. With all this, it would be pretty hard to notice us without a high scanning skill.
“Well, it's not that good to look at, but it's pretty useful right?”
“I don't know! ...Shh, they're here!”
Asuna whispered and brought a finger up to her lips. I crouched lower, and the sounds of footsteps reached my ears.
Eventually, we could see the group come up the path.
They were all warriors. All of them wearing the same black metal armor and green battle garb. Their equipment was all of practical designs, except for a noticeable picture of a castle on each of their shields.
The front six had one-handed swords, and the back six had halberds. They all had their visors down so we couldn't see their expressions. As we watched the twelve players march in perfect order, I even started thinking that they were a group of NPCs.
I was sure now. They were members of the huge group that had made the city on the 1st floor their HQ: «The Army». I could feel Asuna hold her breath.
They weren't enemies to normal players. In fact, they could be considered the group that put in the most effort to stop crimes on the field.
But their methods were a little rough, and they were said to attack orange players —who were called that because of the color of their cursors— as soon as they found them and without asking any questions. Then they'd strip the orange players of their equipment and imprison them in the dungeons of the Black Iron Castle. The rumors about how «The Army» treated people who didn't surrender yet failed to escape were pretty scary.
They were also known for traveling in huge parties and taking control of entire hunting ranges, so it was common knowledge among the players that they "Should never go near «The Army»". Well, they usually operated on the 50th floor and below, working on strengthening their group and maintaining order, so it was rare to see them on the front lines—
As we watched silently, the twelve heavily armed warriors disappeared into the forest amongst the clanking sounds of their armor and their boots.
Seeing as all the players had gotten their hands on the software, you could say that everyone trapped inside SAO were all game maniacs, who were a race that had no connection to the word «Rules» whatsoever. Despite that, the fact that these players still showed such orderly movement was amazing. They might even be the strongest unit within «The Army».
After making sure that they had gone out of range on the map, Asuna and I let out a sigh of relief.
“...The rumor, it's true...”
I whispered to Asuna with my coat still over her.
“Rumor?”
“Yeah. I heard at the guild meeting that «The Army» was changing how they worked and have started appearing on the higher floors. They were once a group that was trying to clear the game, right? But after the damage they received while fighting the boss on the 25th floor, they began focusing on strengthening their group and stopped fighting on the front lines. —So, rather than going into the labyrinth in enormous numbers like they used to and causing a huge stir, they've decided to send smaller, more elite units in and try to show that they're still endeavoring to clear the game. The report guessed that the first unit would appear soon.”
“So they're advertising their skill. But are they really okay just charging into an unexplored area...? They looked like they have pretty high levels but...”
“Maybe... they're going to try to beat the boss...”
Within every labyrinth, there was a boss that guarded the stairs to the next floor. They didn't regenerate and they were really strong, but the reputation and popularity gained for beating them would be huge. It would be very effective as an advertisement.
“So they gathered those people...? But that's still stupid. Nobody has even seen the boss of the 74th floor yet. Usually, people keep sending in reconnaissance groups to analyze the boss' strength and fighting patterns.”
“Well, even guilds work together to beat bosses. Maybe they're doing the same...?”
“I don't know... Well, they should know as well that going up against a boss like this is meaningless. We should hurry. I hope that we won't cross paths with them in there.”
I got up and was a little disappointed that I had to let Asuna go. Asuna shivered as she got out.
“It's almost winter now... I should buy a coat too. Which shop did you buy that from?”
“Hmm... It was most probably a player shop in the western area of Algade.”
“Then take me there when we're done exploring.”
With that said, Asuna jumped down lightly onto the path. I followed. Because of the system, jumping from this height wasn't a problem for me.
The sun was almost at its highest point. Asuna and I made our way down the path quickly while paying attention to our surroundings.
Luckily, we got out of the forest without meeting even a single monster, and a meadow full of blue flowers appeared before us. The path went straight through the meadow, and at its end the Labyrinth Area stood proudly.
At the highest part of this tower, there would be a huge room and a boss would be guarding the stairs to the next floor — the 75th floor in this case. If the boss was defeated and someone arrived at the living area of the next floor and activated the teleport gate, then this floor would be cleared.
The «City Opening» would be celebrated by a huge crowd of people from the lower floors that came to see the new city, and the whole place would become alive as if there was a festival. Right now, it had been nine days since people had begun actively exploring the 74th floor. It was about time that somebody discovered the boss.
The tower was a cylindrical building made out of reddish-brown limestone. It was a place that both Asuna and I had been in numerous times, but you couldn't help feeling intimidated by its immense size. Yet that size was only one-hundredth of Aincrad. It was a hopeless wish, but, secretly, I wanted to see the colossal floating castle from outside.
We couldn't see the unit from «The Army». They'd most likely already made it in. We walked towards the entrance, subconsciously quickening our pace.

Chapter 9
More than a year had already passed since the Knights of the Blood took position as the number one guild.
Since then, the leader of the guild, the «Man of Legend», and the sub-leader Asuna the «Flash» both became renowned as two of the best warriors in Aincrad. Now I had a chance to watch Asuna, who had finished training the skills needed as a rapier-sword fencer, fight against a normal monster.
We were currently in the middle of a fight, and the enemy was a skeletal swordsman named «Demonic Servant». It was over two meters tall, surrounded by an eerie blue light, and held a huge straight sword in its right hand with a round metal shield in its left. Of course, it didn't have even a single muscle, yet, despite that, its strength stat was very high, which made it a hard monster to fight.
But Asuna didn't give any ground against it.
“Hrrrrgrrrr!”
With this strange cry, the skeleton swung its sword several times leaving a blue line of light in its wake. It was a four-hit combo skill: «Vertical Square». As I watched anxiously from a few steps back, Asuna stepped left and right, elegantly dodging all the blows.
Even if it was a 2-on-1 situation, we couldn't both fight at once when confronted by a fully armed enemy. It wasn't forbidden by the system, but when two people were too close together in a fight where swords swung to and fro at speeds faster than the eye could follow, it became more of a hindrance than anything. So when partying, a skill that required high levels of teamwork called «switching» was used.
After its full swing, the last blow of the four hits missed, and the Demonic Servant's posture fell slightly off-balance. Asuna didn't miss this chance and went straight into a counter-attack.
The jabs of the silver-white sword landed one after another, all spectacularly hitting their mark, and the skeleton's HP decreased. Each individual blow didn't deliver much damage, but the number of hits was overwhelming.
After getting hit by three short thrusts, the skeleton's guard went slightly up, and Asuna switched her style to slash twice at its legs. Then, with her blade tip shining blindingly white, she sent two strong jabs high and low.
It was an eight hit combo. It was most probably the high-level sword skill named «Star Splash». Striking the skeleton accurately with that thin blade, which was usually ineffective against such enemies, was a show of unbelievable skill.
The strength that had reduced about thirty percent of the skeleton's HP was also amazing, but I was lost within the elegance of the actual player. This must be what they mean by sword dancing.
Asuna shouted at me, who was standing there dumbly, as if she had eyes on the back of her head.
“Kirito-kun, switch!”
“Ah, kay!”
I rushed to raise my sword, and at the same time, Asuna performed a strong stab.
The skeleton deflected the blow with the shield held by its left hand and bright sparks came flying off. But that was an already expected outcome. The enemy was left stunned for a moment after guarding against the strong attack, unable to immediately counter.
Of course, Asuna was stunned as well after having her attack blocked, but the «gap» was what was important.
I immediately rushed in with a charge-type skill. Making a break point on purpose in the middle of a fight and trading places with a teammate was what was called «switching».
After making sure with the corner of my eye that Asuna had gotten out of range, I charged fiercely at the enemy. Unless you were a master like her, normal slashing attacks were most effective against opponents with far more «gaps» than this Demonic Servant. In this scenario, the most effective would be impact-type weapons like maces. But I, and most likely Asuna, didn't have any impact-type skills.
The «Vertical Square» that I used to hit the enemy all four times reduced a lot of its HP. The skeleton reacted slowly. This was because the monsters' AIs have a tendency to delay a moment before responding when the attacker's pattern suddenly changes. Yesterday, I had to invest a lot of time and effort to make this happen with the Lizardman, but when you've got a teammate, one switch was all you needed. This was the biggest advantage of fighting in a party.
I parried the counterattack and started a major skill to end the battle. I delivered a strong, downward strike to the right, then twisted my wrist and swung back up again, retracing the trajectory I went down in with a motion similar to that of a golf swing. Every time the sword hit the enemy's body, which was made completely out of bones, there was the sound of it impacting and a flow of orange light came out.
The skeleton raised its shield to block the blow that it thought was going to come from above, but I went against its expectations and rammed it with my left shoulder. Then I sent a vertical swing at the swaying skeleton, and without pause I rammed it again, with my right shoulder this time. It was a skill that overcame the problem of chaining strong attacks together by combining them with tackles: «Meteor Break». Not meaning to brag, but it was a skill that required unarmed-fighting skills as well as one-handed sword skills.
The enemy's HP took a big hit from all the attacks and was now in the red area. I put all the strength in my body behind the final horizontal left slash of the seven hit combo. The sword flew straight at the skeleton's neck, drawing a shining arc. The bone broke with a snapping sound and as the skull flew up into the air, the body fell to the ground like a puppet that had all its strings cut.
“We won!!”
Asuna slapped my back, where my sword was now.
We pushed the item distribution aside and started walking again.
Until now, we had fought with monsters four times but made it through with almost no damage dealt to us. Since Asuna's style involved throwing short jabs while my style was to chain large skills, it strained the monster's AI —in the sense of algorithms, not the actual CPU's processing abilities— and allowed our skills to match well. There probably is not much of a difference in our levels either.
We walked carefully through the magnificent hallway that was lined with pillars. There was no chance of being ambushed with my scan skill, but the echoing of our footsteps kept bothering me. There weren't any sources of light in the labyrinth, but the surroundings gave off a faint, mysterious glow, so we could see pretty well.
I carefully inspected the hallway, which was reflecting a soft blue light.
The floor below was a labyrinth made out of reddish-brown limestone. But when we got up, the surroundings were made out of some stone that gave off an almost sticky blue light. The pillars were engraved with impressive but eerie pictures, and a shallow waterway ran by our feet, covering the floor. You could say that the overall atmosphere had gotten «heavier». There weren't many empty spaces left on the map now. If my guess was right, then the area ahead was most probably—
At the end of the hallway, a pair of grey-blue doors stood waiting for us. The carvings on the door were similar to the ones on the pillars. Even if everything was just a world made solely out of data, an inexplicable aura seeped out of those doors.
“...Is that...?”
“Most likely...? It's the boss room.”
Asuna held the sleeve of my coat tight.
“What should we do...? It should be fine if we just take a look, right?”
Contrary to those bold words, her voice sounded uneasy. Even if she was a top class swordswoman, it seemed that she still found these sorts of things scary. Well, it's to be expected really. I was scared as well.
“...Well, let's prepare a teleportation item just in case.”
“Yeah.”
Asuna nodded and took out a blue crystal from her pocket. I prepared my item too.
“Ready...? I'm going to open it...”
With Asuna tightly gripping my right arm, I touched the iron door with my left hand which held the crystal. If this was the real world, my palms would be flooding with sweat right now.
As I slowly put more strength into my hand, the door, which seemed to be at least twice my height, opened with surprising ease. Once it started moving, the two doors opened so quickly that we became a little bewildered. As Asuna and I stood there holding our breath, the huge doors finished moving with a final crash and revealed to us what was inside.
—Or so we thought; it was totally dark inside. The light that was filling the hallway we were in didn't seem to reach the end of the room. The thick cold darkness didn't reveal anything no matter how much we stared.
“...”
As soon as I opened my mouth, two white-blue fires whooshed to life a little further in, then another pair and another pair.
*Whoooooosh*... With this continuous sound, a path leading to the center of the room was completed in the blink of an eye. At its end, a big pillar of fire blazed upwards, and the rectangular room was filled with blue light. It was very spacious. It seemed that all of the blank space on the map had been this one room.
Asuna hung onto my right arm as if to keep her nervousness at bay, but I didn't have enough room in my head to enjoy that feeling. This was because, just behind the pillar of fire, a huge shape had begun to appear.
The enormous body was covered with bulging muscles. Its skin was dark blue, and the head resting above its thick chest plates was not a man's, but a mountain goat's.
Two curved horns towered on either side of its head. Its eyes, also burning bright blue, were locked on us. Its lower body was covered in navy-blue fur and couldn't be seen very clearly behind the fire, but it seemed that it was also that of an animal. Simply put, it was, in every sense of the word, a demon.
There was a fair distance from the entrance to the middle of the room where it stood. Despite that, we stood frozen in place, unable to move even a muscle. Out of all the monsters we had fought against up until now, this was the first demon-shaped one. It was something that I had gotten used to thanks to the countless RPGs that I had played. But now that I actually saw it, I couldn't hold the fear that rushed up from inside my body.
I hesitantly focused my gaze and read the words that had appeared: «The Gleameyes». It was undoubtedly the boss of this floor. The "The" in front of its name was proof of this. Gleameyes — eyes that gleamed.
When I read this far, the blue demon suddenly started shaking its long snout and began screaming. The blue fires shook violently and vibrations went through the floor of the room. Fiery breaths erupted from its nose and mouth as it raised its sword. Then the blue demon started charging straight for us at an unbelievable speed —causing the ground to shake— without giving us time to even think.
“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!”
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
We started screaming and at the same time we turned a full 180° and ran as fast as we could. We knew that, in theory, the boss couldn't come out of its room, but we just couldn't stay there. Entrusting our bodies to the dexterity stats that we'd trained up until now, we ran like a gust of wind down the hallway.

Chapter 10
Without even resting to take a breath, Asuna and I ran to the safe zone that was set up somewhere in the middle of the Labyrinth Area. I had the feeling that we'd been targeted by monsters several times along the way. But to tell the truth, we weren't in the right state of mind to fight them.
We burst into the large room that had been designated as the safe area and slid to the floor with our backs side-by-side, leaning against the wall. After releasing a huge breath, we looked at each other's face and...
“...Ha.”
Both of us started laughing at the same time. If we had checked the map, we would have known straight away that the boss hadn't come out of its room. But we hadn`t thought of stopping to check.
“Ahahaha, ah— we ran away really fast!”
Asuna laughed in an exhilarated tone.
“It's been a long time since I've run like that, as if my life depended on it. Well, you were even more exaggerated than me!”
“...”
I couldn't contradict that. Asuna kept laughing at my sullen face. It took her a lot of effort to stop; and then she said,
“...That, looked pretty hard.”
Asuna said, her face becoming serious.
“Yeah. It looked like it had only a great-sword as its weapon, but it should have special attacks as well.”
“We'll have to gather a lot of forwards with high defense and keep switching.”
“We'll need about ten people with shields... Well, for the moment we should just keep jabbing at it and work out how it fights.”
“A... shield.”
Asuna looked my way thoughtfully.
“Wh-What's the matter?”
“You're hiding something.”
“What do you mean all of a sudden...?”
“But it's weird. The biggest advantage of using one-handed swords is being able to hold a shield with the other hand. But I've never seen you with one. I don't, because it would slow my attack speed, and some people don't because they're more worried about style. But you're neither of those... It's suspicious.”
She was spot on. I had a hidden skill. But I'd never used it even once in front of other people.
It wasn't only because skills were an important way to survive, but also because I thought it would make me stand out even more if it had become known.
But, if it was her— Even if she found out, it should be okay...
I opened my mouth thinking this.
“Never mind, it doesn't matter. Digging around about other people's skills is rude anyhow.”
She just laughed it off. Now that I had lost my chance, I simply mumbled a few words in my mouth. Then, Asuna's eyes grew wide after checking the time.
“Ah, it's already three. It's late, but let's eat lunch.”
“What!?”
I couldn't hide my excitement.
“I-Is it handmade!?”
Asuna smiled wordlessly and quickly manipulated her menu. After getting rid of her glove, she called forth a small basket. So there was definitely one good thing about partying with her —as I thought this rudely, Asuna suddenly glared at me.
“...What bad ideas were you thinking just now?”
“N-Nothing. Rather than that, let's eat.”
Asuna pouted, but nevertheless took two paper packages out of the basket and then handed one over to me. I opened the package and found a sandwich made with lots of vegetables and grilled meat stuffed between two thin slices of round bread. An aroma similar to pepper came from it. Suddenly, I felt really hungry and I took a large bite.
“It's... really good...”
I bit into it twice, thrice in a row, and then uttered my sincere appreciation. The shape seemed somewhat European, like the food that the NPC restaurants offered, but the taste was different. The slightly sour and sweet flavor was definitely similar to the Japanese fast foods that I had eaten until two years ago. I ate the huge sandwich quickly, feeling like I was going to cry from the nostalgic taste.
After finishing the last piece and downing the tea that Asuna gave me, I finally gave a sigh.
“How did you manage this flavor...?”
“It's the result of a year of training and experimentation. I made it after analyzing the data on how alllllllll of the herbs affect the taste reproduction engine. This is glogwa seed, shuble leaf, and calim water.”
As Asuna said this, she took out two small bottles from the basket, opened one of them, and stuck her index finger in. The finger came out with some indescribable substance on it that was sticky and purple. Then she said,
“Open your mouth.”
I didn't know what it was, but as I opened my mouth on reflex, and Asuna flung the substance into it. The gooey substance flew into my mouth accurately and its flavor amazed me.
“...It's mayonnaise!”
“And this is abilpa beans, sag leaves, and uransipi bones.”
The last one sounded like the ingredient for an antidote, but the liquid flew into my mouth before I had any time to think about it. Its taste shocked me even more than the previous one. This was definitely soy sauce. I was so ecstatic that I grabbed Asuna's hand and put her finger in my mouth.
“Kya!!”
She screamed and snatched her hand out while glaring at me. But then she started laughing at my expression.
“That's what I made the sandwich out of.”
“...It's amazing! Perfect! You could make a fortune with this!”
To tell the truth, the sandwich tasted even better than the Ragout Rabbit meal I had yesterday.
“R-Really?”
Asuna smiled sheepishly.
“No, it'd be better not to sell them. I can't let my share disappear.”
“Uwa, you're so greedy! ...If you want, I'll make it again for you sometime.”
She added the last bit quietly and leaned slightly against my shoulder. As a calm silence filled the room, I even forgot that this was in the front-lines, a place where we fought with our lives at stake.
If I could eat this sort of thing every day, I could steel my resolve and move to Salemburg... right next to Asuna's house... I started thinking this without realizing it, and just as I was about to say this out aloud—
Suddenly, the clanking sound of armor heralded the arrival of another group of players. We quickly widened the distance between us.
I glanced at the leader of the six-man party and relaxed my shoulders. He was the katana-wielder that I had known for the longest time in Aincrad.
“Oh, Kirito! It's been a while!”
I stood up and greeted the tall person who had started to walk this way after recognizing me.
“You're still alive, Klein?”
“You're as foul-mouthed as ever. Why are you of all people in a par-ty...”
The katana-wielder's eyes went wide under his bandana as he saw Asuna, who had stood up after quickly packing away her things.
“Ah—, ...you've probably already met each other during the boss fights, but I'll introduce you two anyway. This guy is Klein from the guild «Fuurinkazan», and this is Asuna from «Knights of the Blood».”
Asuna nodded lightly when I introduced her, but Klein just stood there, both his eyes and mouth wide open.
“Hey, say something. Are you lagging?”
After I jabbed him from the side, Klein finally closed his mouth and introduced himself in the politest way possible.
“H-Hello!!!!! I'm just a guy c-c-called Klein! Bachelor! Twenty-four!”
As Klein said something stupid in his confusion, I jabbed his side again, with more strength this time. But even before Klein finished talking, his party members had rushed up and began to introduce themselves.
They said that all the members of «Fuurinkazan» had known each other even before SAO had started. Klein had protected and guided all of them, without losing even a single member, until each of them had become a capable player of the front-lines. He had managed to bear the weight that I had run away from in fear two years ago—the day that this death game began.
Ignoring the self-hatred that had deeply permeated my heart, I started speaking to Asuna,
“...Well, they're not bad people, if you ignore the leader's thuggish face.”
This time, Klein stomped down on my foot as hard as he could. Upon seeing this, Asuna started laughing, unable to hold back any longer. Klein smiled sheepishly, but then returned to his senses and asked me in a voice filled with murderous intent.
“H-H-How did this happen Kirito!?”
As I stood there with no answer coming to mind, Asuna responded for me in a clear voice:
“Nice to meet you. We've decided to party with each other for a while. I hope we get along.”
I was shocked by what I heard. As I thought Eh!? This wasn't just for today!?, Klein and his party made expressions that switched between anger and depression.
Eventually, Klein glared at me with rage burning in his eyes and growled while grinding his teeth.
“Kirito, you bastard...”
I sagged my shoulders and thought that this was going to be hard to get out of. Then...
Footsteps resounded through the same doorway that Fuurinkazan had recently come through. Asuna tensed at the strangely uniform sound, then grabbed my arm and whispered.
“Kirito-kun, it's «The Army»!”
I immediately turned my gaze towards the doorway, and sure enough, the heavily-armed unit that we'd seen in the forest came into sight. Klein raised his hand and got his five companions to back into the wall. The group that marched into the room, still in its twin column formation, was no longer as orderly as they had been in the woods. Their footsteps were heavier, and the expressions under their helmets seemed very tired.
They stopped at the wall opposite from us in the safe area. The man in front gave the order “Dis-missed,” at which point the other eleven people collapsed onto the floor. The man then walked towards us without even glancing at them.
Now that I looked carefully, his equipment was somewhat different from the others. His armor was very high in quality, and a crest in the shape of Aincrad was engraved onto the chest—something none of the other eleven had.
He stopped in front of us and took off his helmet. He was pretty tall and appeared to be somewhere in his late thirties. He had a sharp face, very short hair, a pair of sharp eyes below his thick eyebrows, and a mouth that was tightly shut. He swept across us with his eyes, and then started speaking to me, who was the one in front of our group.
“I'm Lieutenant Colonel Cobert of the Aincrad Liberation Force.”
What the hell? «The Army» was originally a name that people had started calling them as a way of making fun of them. When did it become their official name? And «Lieutenant Colonel»? Feeling annoyed, I answered concisely:
“Kirito, Solo.”
He nodded and asked arrogantly:
“Have you mapped the area ahead of here?”
“...Yeah. I've mapped the area all the way up to the boss room.”
“Hmm. Then I hope you would supply us with the mapping data.”
I was surprised by his attitude. But Klein, who was behind me, had gotten angry.
“What? Supply you with it!? You bastard, do you even know how hard mapping is!?”
He shouted in a hoarse voice. Maps of unexplored areas were important information. They could also be sold to treasure hunters, who sought out locked treasure chests, at high prices.
As soon as he heard Klein's voice, the army guy raised one of his eyebrows and announced loudly.
“We are fighting for the freedom of players like you.”
He thrust his chin forward and continued.
“It is your duty to cooperate with us!”
—The word arrogance must exist for attitudes like his. The Army hadn't even been on the front-lines for a year now.
“Wait a second, how could you...”
“You, you bastard...”
Asuna and Klein, who had been standing on either sides of me, both stepped forward with their voices full of outrage. I spread my arms apart and stopped them.
“It's okay. I was going to spread it around when I got back to the city anyway.”
“Hey, hey! You're being way too kind Kirito!”
“I don't have any plans to sell the maps for money.”
As I said this, I opened a trade window and sent the information over to the guy who called himself Lieutenant Colonel Cobert. He took it without any change in his expression and said:
“Thank you for your cooperation.”
He replied without a single note of gratitude in his voice, and then turned around to head back.
I said to his back:
“Some advice from me, you're better off not attacking that boss.”
Cobert looked back.
“...That is for me to decide.”
“We checked out the boss room just a while ago. It's not something you can tackle with just anyone. Besides, your men all seem pretty tired as well.”
“...My men aren't such crybabies to be tired out by something like this!”
Cobert emphasized "My men" as he answered with annoyance. But the guys who sat on the floor didn't seem to agree.
“Get up you useless pieces of trash!”
At Cobert's command, they stood up shakily and reformed two columns. Cobert didn't even spare us a glance as he returned to the front of the column and gestured with his arm. The twelve men then lifted their weapons and began to march once again, their heavy armor clanking away.
Although they still had 100% of their HP on the outside, the strenuous fights of SAO left a fatigue that couldn't be seen. Our real bodies in the other world may not be moving a muscle, but the feeling of weariness still stayed until we either slept or rested on this side. Based on what I saw, those Army players were already exhausted, since they weren't used to fighting on the front-lines.
“...I wonder if they'll be okay...”
Klein spoke in a worried voice as the Army members disappeared into the passageway that led to the higher floor and the rhythmic sound of their footsteps vanished from our ears. He really was a good person.
“They're not really foolish enough to go and challenge the boss are they...?”
Asuna was worried as well. There was definitely something in Cobert's voice that hinted at a sort of recklessness.
“...Should we take a quick look at what they're doing...?”
When I said this, not only did Klein and Asuna, but even the other five members of his party agreed.
...and they say that I'm too kind...
I thought this with a bitter smile. However, I had already made a decision. I wouldn't be able to sleep tonight if we left the Labyrinth now and heard that they never made it back.
As I quickly checked my equipment and started walking, a sound reached my ears—
I could tell that Klein was whispering to Asuna behind me. I was wondering if he hadn't received enough jabs when the content of their conversation surprised me.
“Ah— Asuna-san, how should I put this...that guy, Kirito, please treat him well. Even though he's not very good with words, isn't very fun, and is a battle-crazed idiot.”
I dashed back and yanked Klein's bandana as hard as I could.
“Wh-What are you talking about!?”
“B-But.”
The katana-wielder cocked his head and scratched his beard.
“It's remarkable that you're partying with someone. Even if it's because you fell for Asuna, it's still an extraordinary amount of progress. That's why I—”
“I-I didn't fall for her!”
I argued back. But for some reason, Klein, his party members, and even Asuna all looked at me with a smile on their face. I couldn't do anything except silently turn back around and keep walking.
Then I heard Asuna declare:
“Please leave him to me!”
I ran to the passageway that led up to the next floor while making a loud racket with my boots.

Chapter 11
Unfortunately for us, we ran into a group of Lizardmen on the way up. By the time the eight of us arrived at the top-floor passageway, thirty minutes had already passed, and we still hadn't caught up to the army members.
“Maybe they've already used their crystals to escape?”
Klein said jokingly, but none of us believed that they would have done that. As a result, we subconsciously sped up our footsteps as we walked down the long passage.
When we were about halfway down, a sound that confirmed our fears echoed off the walls. We all immediately stopped to listen.
“Ahhhh...”
The faded noise that we heard was, without a doubt, a scream.
But it didn't belong to a monster. We all looked at each other and then started sprinting. Because of our high dexterity, Asuna and I ran faster than everyone else, and a gap quickly opened up between us and Klein's group. But this wasn't the time for us to care about that. We dashed like the wind through the shining blue corridor in the opposite direction as we had gone last time.
Soon, the great double doors came into sight. They were already open, and we could see the blue flames flickering inside and a huge shadow moving slowly within its depth. We also heard the intermittent sounds of screaming and metals clashing.
“No...!”
Asuna screamed with grief and accelerated her speed. I followed closely behind her. Our feet were barely touching the ground, as if we virtually flew through the air. I figured that we had already reached the limits of the system's support. Meanwhile, the pillars on either side of the passage flashed past us.
As we neared the door, Asuna and I quickly reduced our speed. Sparks flew off our boots, and we managed to stop just barely in front of the gateway.
“Hey! Are you guys alright!?”
I shouted and leaned my body forward for a better view.
The inside— looked like hell.
Bluish-white flames were burning all across the floor. A huge figure stood straight in the middle of all this, its body shining as if it was made out of metal. That was the blue demon: The Gleameyes.
As The Gleameyes flourished its enormous zanbato-like sword around, a huge flaming breath streaked out of its mountain goat head. The damage dealt to it hadn't even reached one-third of its HP. Across the room from it, there were a bunch of silhouettes, their sizes tiny compared to the demon. They were the army group, and their members were busy scrambling for their lives.
They no longer had any order to speak of. I checked the number of people and immediately noticed that two of them were missing. It would be good if they had escaped by using a teleport item, but—
Even as I thought this, one of them was hit by the side of the zanbato and went flying. His HP had gone into the red danger zone. I don't know how it had gotten to this situation, but the demon had managed to get in between the Army members and the exit, and as a result they couldn't even flee. I shouted at the player who had fallen.
“What are you doing!? Use your teleport item!”
The man looked my way. His face reflected the bluish color of the flames and was full of despair. He then shouted:
“That doesn't work...! T-The crystals aren't working!!”
“Wha...?”
I couldn't say anything. Did that mean that this room was an «Anti-Crystal Area»? It was a rare trap that appeared in dungeons once in a while, but it had never appeared in a boss room up till now.
“How can that...!?”
Asuna breathed in sharply. This was a case when we couldn't even just rush in and save them. Then, a player on the other side of the demon raised his sword and shouted.
“What are you saying!! The word retreat does not exist for the Liberation Army!! Fight!! Fight I tell you!!”
It was definitely Cobert's voice.
“You bastard!”
I screamed. The fact that two people had already disappeared in a no-crystal area — it meant that they were already dead, already gone. Something that should be avoided at all costs had already happened, and this idiot was still saying those things? I felt my blood boil with rage.
Then Klein and his party arrived.
“Hey, what's happening!?”
I quickly told him what the current situation was. As he heard it, Klein's expression got darker.
“Isn't...Isn't there anything we can do...?”
We might be able to run in and make a way for them to get out. But since an emergency escape was impossible in this room, we couldn't ignore the possibility that one of us could die as well. We just didn't have enough people. As I struggled with this thought, Cobert had somehow managed to get his men back into order and shouted.
“Charge—!”
Two of the ten had already lost almost their entire HP and were lying on the ground. The other eight had gotten into lines of four with Cobert in the center, who led the charge with his sword raised high.
“No—!!”
But my voice didn't reach them.
It was such a pointless attack. If all eight of them ran in together, they wouldn't be able to use their sword skills properly and would only add to the confusion. They should be fighting defensively, rotating in one person at a time to deal damage, and then quickly switching out for the next member.
The demon straightened up and gave a ground-shaking roar before breathing out a blinding jet of fire. It seemed as if the breath counted as a damage-inflicting attack, and the eight slowed as the blue light of the flames engulfed them. The demon seized its chance and swung its huge sword. The body of a person was knocked into the air, flew over the demon's head, and then crashed hard into the ground before us.
It was Cobert.
His HP had vanished. With an expression that didn't even seem to understand the situation, he slowly moved his mouth.
—This is impossible.
He said soundlessly. Then, with a nerve-rending sound effect that pierced our souls, his body had shattered into a swirl of polygons. Next to me, Asuna gave a short scream at this meaningless death.
With their leader gone, the Army members immediately fell into chaos. They ran around screaming. All of their HP counts were already below the halfway mark.
“No... No... No more...”
As I heard Asuna's strained voice, I glanced sideways towards her. I immediately rushed to grab her arm...
But I was already too late.
“No—!!”
With this scream, Asuna ran off like a gust of wind. She drew her rapier from thin air and charged at The Gleameyes like a flash of light.
“Asuna!!”
I screamed. With no other choices available, I drew my sword and followed her.
“Eh, whatever!!”
Klein and his party then shouted and followed suit.
Asuna's reckless strike hit the back of the demon while its attention was elsewhere. But its HP hardly decreased at all.
The Gleameyes roared, then turned around and swung its zanbato downwards. Asuna immediately sidestepped to dodge, but she couldn't evade it completely and was knocked down by the shockwave. The second strike then swung towards her without hesitation.
“Asuna—!!”
I felt my body go cold with fear as I flung myself between Asuna and the blade. My sword barely managed to deflect the attack in time. Then, I felt an impact across my whole body as the shockwave hit me.
As sparks flew off the two blades, the demon's sword hit the floor only a few centimeters away from Asuna. It dug a huge hole into the ground with an explosion-like sound effect.
“Get back!”
I shouted and prepared for the demon's attacks. Its sword came at me repeatedly with a crushing might that felt like it could take my life with one hit. There wasn't any room for me to even attempt a counterattack.
The Gleameyes' techniques were basically two-handed sword skills. But they were slightly customized, which made them impossible to read. I concentrated fully on defending with sidesteps and parries. But its attacks were monstrously powerful and chipped away at my HP with every passing swing.
“Argh!!”
Eventually, one of its strikes accurately hit my body. I felt its stunning impact, and my HP decreased immensely.
My equipment and skills were far from those of a tank. If I kept this up, it would only lead to my death. The fear of dying sent a chill down my body. I couldn't even try to escape anymore.
There was only one thing that I could do. I would have to go against it with everything I had as a damage dealer.
“Asuna! Klein! Give me ten seconds!”
I shouted and swung my sword hard to block the demon's blow and make a break point. Then, I flung myself to the ground and rolled away. Klein immediately took my place and kept the demon back with his katana.
But Klein's katana and Asuna's rapier were weapons that relied on speed and therefore lacked in weight. I figured that it wouldn't be easy for them to block the demon's zanbato. As I laid on the ground, I opened the menu with my left hand.
I couldn't afford to make a single mistake now. With my heart pounding against my chest, I began moving the fingers of my right hand. I scrolled down my item list, picked something from it, and equipped it in the blank space on my equipment profile. Then I opened the skill window and changed my weapon skill.
After finishing all this, I touched the OK button and closed the window. I confirmed the additional weight on my back, then raised my head and shouted:
“I'm done!!”
I saw Klein get hit once, and his HP decreased as he stepped back. Normally, he should have used a crystal to heal himself, but that wasn't possible in this room. Now, Asuna was fighting with the demon, and within just a few seconds her HP had already gone below the halfway mark and turned yellow.
After she heard me, Asuna nodded with her back towards me and gave a short shout before executing a piercing skill.
“Yaaaa!”
A white streak of light flew through the air and struck The Gleameyes' weapon, causing sparks to spray out. As a loud noise resounded, the distance between Asuna and the demon widened.
“Switch!!”
I didn't miss the opportunity and charged straight at the enemy. The demon quickly recovered from the short stunning effect and raised its sword high up into the air. With the sword in my right hand, I blocked the demon's blade as it came down from a flame-like trajectory. Then, I reached behind my back with my left hand and grabbed the handle of the new sword. I drew it and struck in one smooth movement. The demon's HP reduced noticeably as the first clean hit registered.
“Kwuaaaaa!”
The demon roared with rage and attempted another downward strike. This time, I crossed my two swords and blocked it completely. As its stance became unbalanced, I decided to break free from my defending streak and launched a combo attack.
My right sword slashed horizontally towards the demon's midsection. My left sword followed immediately to cut vertically into its body. Right, left, then right again. I swung my swords as if the nerves in my brain were going into overdrive. The sounds of metal clashing resounded loudly one after another as white lights flared through the air.
This was the extra skill that I had been hiding, «Dual Blades», and the technique I was using was its high-class sword skill «Starburst Stream», a sixteen-hit combo attack.
“Ahhhhh!!”
Paying no attention to the few hits that the demon's sword managed to block, I kept on screaming as I hacked away relentlessly with my swords. My eyes heated up, and my vision saw only the demon. Although the demon's sword still struck my body every so often, its impact felt like it was happening in some faraway world. Meanwhile, adrenaline continued to rush through my body, and my brain waves spiked every time my swords hit their mark.
Faster, faster. The rhythm of my swings already exceeded twice the normal speed, but it still felt slow to my heightened senses. I continued my attack at a pace that seemed to overtake even the system's assistance.
“...Ahhhhhhhhh!!”
With this shout I launched the last of my sixteen strikes, which penetrated The Gleameyes' chest.
“Kkaaaaaaahh!!”
When my senses returned, I realized that I wasn't the only one screaming. The huge demon was roaring towards the ceiling as massive breaths streamed out of its mouth and nose.
Then its body froze, and as soon as I noticed that—
The Gleameyes shattered into countless blue shards. Fragments of blue light rained down across the room.
It's... finished...?
Feeling dizzy from the aftereffects of the battle, I habitually swung both of my swords once more before simultaneously sheathing them into the scabbards that lay crossed on my back. I immediately checked my HP. There was a red line with only a few dots left. As I stared at my HP without care, I suddenly felt strength leave my body and collapsed onto the floor without a sound.
My vision faded out into blackness.

Chapter 12
“...-kun! Kirito-kun!!”
Asuna's calls, which were almost like screams, forced me awake. As I sat up, pain spiked through my head and caused my face to distort.
“Owww...”
I looked around and saw that we were still in the boss room. Blue light fragments were still floating around the room. It seemed like I had only lost consciousness for a few seconds.
Asuna was kneeling on the ground, her face right before my eyes. Her eyebrows were tightened, and she was biting her lip. It looked like she was going to cry.
“You idiot...! Why...!?”
She shouted and then jumped into my arms and hugged me. It shocked me enough to make me forget my pain for a moment. I could only blink in surprise.
“...Don't hug me so tightly. You're going to make my HP disappear.”
I said in a joking tone, but Asuna responded with a really angry expression. She shoved a small bottle into my mouth. The liquid which flowed in was a high-quality potion that tasted like a combination of lemon juice and green tea. It should fully heal my HP within five minutes, but my fatigue was going to last a while.
Asuna checked to confirm that I had drunk all of it. Then, as her face began to scrunch up, she put her forehead on my shoulder to hide it.
I raised my head at the sound of footsteps and saw Klein approach. He seemed a little apologetic for disturbing us, but started speaking nevertheless.
“We've finished healing all the remaining Army members, but Cobert and two of his men had already died...”
“...Yeah. It's the first time since the 67th floor that someone died during a boss fight...”
“That wasn't even a fight. That idiot Cobert... You can't do anything if you're dead...”
Klein spat out. Then he took a deep breath, shook his head, and asked me in an attempt to change the mood.
“But back to the topic, what the hell was that just then!?”
“...Do I really have to explain it to you?”
“Of course! I've never seen something like that before!”
I suddenly noticed that aside from Asuna, everyone in the room was looking at me, waiting for my reply.
“...It's an extra skill: «Dual Blades».”
Expressions of amazement rose throughout Klein's party and the survivors from the Army.
All weapon skills had to be learned in a certain order depending on their type. Take swords for an example; you had to train the one-handed straight sword skill quite a bit before «Rapier» and «Two-Handed Sword» appeared on the list.
Naturally, Klein was interested, and he urged me to tell the rest.
“The conditions that have to be met are?”
“I'd have told everyone if I knew that.”
As I shook my head, Klein sighed and muttered.
“You're right...”
Weapon skills that didn't have clear conditions for appearing are called extra skills. They were sometimes even called random conditions. An example would be Klein's «Katana». But «Katana» wasn't all that rare and appeared quite often as long as you kept training the Curved Sword skill.
Most of the ten-plus extra skills that had been found up until now, «Katana» included, had at least ten people who used each of them. The only exceptions were my «Dual Blades» and one other man's extra skill.
These two were most likely limited to only one person, so they should be called «Unique Skill». I had hidden the existence of my unique skill up until now. But from today, the news that I was the second unique skill user would spread throughout the world. There was no way I could hide it after using it in front of so many people.
“I'm disappointed Kirito. You didn't even tell me that you had such an awesome skill.”
“I would have told you if I knew the conditions for its appearance. But I really couldn't figure out how it happened.”
I answered Klein's complaint with a shrug.
There wasn't a shred of lie in what I said. About a year ago, I opened my skills window one day and found the name «Dual Blades» just sitting there. I really had no clue on what conditions made it appear.
Since then, I only trained it when there was nobody around. Even after I nearly mastered it, I rarely used it against monsters unless it was an emergency. Aside from using it to protect myself in a crisis, I simply didn't like this kind of skill due to the attention it draws.
I even thought that it would be better if another Dual Blades user appeared—
I scratched the area around my ear and muttered.
“...If it became known that I had such a rare skill, not only would people pester me for information... it might attract other kinds of problems too...”
Klein nodded.
“Online gamers get jealous easily. I wouldn't since I'm an understanding guy, but there sure are plenty of envious people. Not to mention...”
Klein suddenly stopped talking and looked at Asuna, who was still tightly hugging me, and smiled meaningfully.
“...Well, just consider suffering as another way of training yourself, young Kirito.”
“So, to you it's just someone else's problem...?”
Klein bent over and thumped me on the shoulder, then turned around and walked towards the survivors of «The Army».
“Hey, you guys, do you think you'll be able to make it back to HQ by yourselves?”
One of them nodded at Klein's question. He was a boy who looked like he was in his teens.
“OK. Tell your superiors what happened here today and that they shouldn't do something this stupid again.”
“Yes. ...and, err...thank you.”
“Thank him over there.”
Klein pointed my way with his thumb. The players from the army stood up shakily, turned towards Asuna and I, who were still on the floor, and bowed deeply before walking out of the room. Once they reached the passageway, they used their crystals to teleport out one after another.
After the blue lights faded, Klein put his hands on his hips and started speaking.
“Well, let's see... We're going to continue on to the 75th floor and open the gate there. How 'bout you? You're the man of the day, so do you want to do it?”
“No, I'll leave it to you. I'm totally wiped.”
“If that's the case... be careful on your way back.”
Klein nodded and then signaled to his teammates. The six walked over to the huge door in the corner of the room. Behind it should be the stairs to the next floor. The katana-wielder stopped in front of the door and turned around.
“Hey... Kirito. Y'know when you jumped in to save those Army members...”
“...What about it?”
“I was... well, really glad. That's all I have to say. See ya around sometime.”
I don't get what he was trying to say. As I cocked my head, Klein gave me a thumbs-up, then opened the door and disappeared through it with his party.
Only Asuna and I were left in the huge boss room. The blue flames that had been flaring up from the floor had disappeared some time ago, and the sinister atmosphere that once filled the room had vanished without a trace. The soft light that filled the passageway now flooded this room as well. Not a single sign of the battle remained.
I said something to Asuna, who still had her head against my shoulder.
“Hey... Asuna...”
“...I was so scared... I didn't know what I'd do... If you had died.”
Her shaking voice was weaker than I had ever heard it.
“...What are you talking about? You were the one who charged in first.”
I said this as I softly placed my hand on Asuna's shoulder. A manner infraction flag would come up if I grabbed her too blatantly, but this really wasn't a situation where I should worry about that.
As I gently pulled her towards me, my ears had almost missed her small voice.
“I'm going to take a short break from the guild.”
“T-Take a break...? Why?”
“...I said that I was going to party with you for a while... Did you forget already?”
As soon as I heard that...
Somewhere deep within my heart, a feeling that could only be described as a strong longing reached out. It surprised even me.
I —solo player Kirito— was a person who had abandoned every other player in order to keep myself alive in this world. I was the coward who had turned his back on his only friend and ran away two years ago, on the day that all of this had started.
A person like me, who didn't even have any right to wish for a comrade—let alone something more than that.
I had already realized this in a painful and unforgettable way. I had sworn never to wish again, never to yearn for the care of others.
But—
My left hand, which had turned rigid, didn't want to let go of Asuna's shoulder. I just couldn't pull myself away from the virtual warmth of her body.
I buried this huge contradicting conflict inside me with an inexplicable emotion, and then answered with a short reply.
“...Okay.”
After hearing my response, Asuna's head nodded slightly on my shoulder.

The next day.
I had been hiding on the second floor of Agil's shop since this morning. I was sitting on a rocking chair with my legs crossed and was drinking a strangely flavored tea, which I figured was probably a defective product. I was also in a rather foul mood.
All of Algade— No, most probably all of Aincrad was busy discussing the events of yesterday.
Floor clearing, which meant the opening of a new city, was already enough to start an exorbitant amount of gossiping. But this time, various other rumors had also been mixed in, like «The demon that wiped out a whole Army battalion» and «The Twin Blade swordsman that killed the demon by himself with fifty hits»... There should be a limit on how much they can exaggerate these things by.
Somehow they had found out about where I lived. As a result, swordsmen and information dealers had crowded around my house since early morning. I ended up having to go through the trouble of using a teleport crystal to escape.
“I'm going to move... To some super-rural floor, to some village where they'll never be able to find me....”
As I endlessly muttered my complaints, Agil walked over to me with a smile.
“Hey, don't be like that. It's good to become famous for once in your life. Why don't you host a presentation? I'll take care of the tickets and the venue...”
“No way!”
I shouted and threw the cup in my right hand, aiming for the area about fifty centimeters to the right of Agil's head. But I habitually made the motion which activated my Throw Weapon skill and hurled the cup towards the wall at a high speed. The cup left a trail of light before it smashed into the wall with a loud noise. Thankfully, the room was an indestructible object, so nothing else happened other than the appearance of the «Immortal Object» system tag. If I had hit a piece of furniture, it would have been destroyed for sure.
“Ah, are you trying to kill me here!?”
At the shopkeeper's exaggerated shout, I raised my right hand as a sign of apology and leaned back against the chair once more.
Agil was currently examining the treasure I had received from yesterday's fight. Every once in a while, he would make a strange noise, which most probably meant that there were some pretty valuable goods in there.
I had planned to equally share with Asuna the money I would get from selling the loot, but it was already past the promised meeting time and she still hadn't arrived. I had already sent her a friend-message, so she should know where I was...
We parted at the main street teleport gate of the 74th floor yesterday. She said that she was going to apply for a break and went to the KoB HQ in Grandum on the 55th floor. I asked her if I should go with her, given the trouble with Kuradeel and all. But she said it was fine with a smile on her face, so I abandoned the thought.
It was already two hours past the promised time. If she was this late, did it mean that something had happened? Should I have gone with her? I downed the cup of tea in a single gulp in order to calm my anxieties.
Just as I had drained the tea pot before me, and Agil had finished his examination of my items, I heard the sound of footsteps running up the stairs. Then, the door quickly crashed open.
“Hey, Asuna...”
I had almost said "You're late" but stopped myself. Asuna was in her uniform as usual, but her face was white and worry shone through her eyes. She held both her hands in front of her chest, bit her lip twice or thrice, and then said:
“What should we do... Kirito-kun...”
She forced out in a voice that was close to tears.
“Something... bad has happened...”

After drinking some newly-boiled tea, life managed to return to Asuna's face, and she started explaining a bit hesitantly. Agil had moved back down to the first floor after noticing the atmosphere.
“Yesterday... after I returned to the HQ in Grandum, I reported everything that had happened to the guild leader. Then I said that I wanted to take a break from the guild and then went back home... I had thought that I would get permission during the regular morning guild meeting...”
Asuna, who was sitting opposite of me, lowered her eyes and grabbed her tea cup tightly before she continued.
“The leader... said that I could take a brief leave from the guild. But there was one condition... He said that... he wanted to have a fight... with Kirito-kun...”
“What...?”
I couldn't understand what she meant for a moment. Fight...? Did that mean a duel? What did a duel have to do with Asuna taking a break?
When I asked these questions...
“I don't know either....”
Asuna shook her head while looking at the floor.
“I tried to persuade him that there's no meaning in doing that... but he just wouldn't listen to me...”
“But... this is problematic. For that guy to suddenly present a condition like this...”
I muttered as the image of the guild leader flashed through my mind.
“I know. The leader usually leaves us alone even when we're planning our strategy for clearing floors, let alone everyday guild activities. But I don't know why this time he...”
Although the KoB leader had overwhelming charisma, which attracted the admiration of not only all his guild members but also most of the front lines people, he never gave any instructions or orders. I fought beside him during a couple of boss fights as well and greatly admired his ability to maintain the line without a single word.
For such a guy to put forth an objection with the condition of having a duel with me, just what on earth could it be about?
Even though I was completely confused, I spoke in order to calm Asuna down.
“...Well, let's go to Grandum first. I'll try talking to him directly.”
“Yeah... Sorry. I'm always causing you trouble...”
“I'll gladly do anything, because you're my...”
Asuna looked at me expectantly as I stopped in the middle of my sentence.
“...important partying partner.”
Asuna pouted with dissatisfaction, then revealed a warm smile.

The Strongest Man, The Living Legend, The Paladin, and et cetera— The leader of the Knights of the Blood had so many titles that you couldn't count them with your hands.
His name was Heathcliff. Before my «Dual Blades» became widely known, he was renowned as the only unique skill user amongst the six thousand players of Aincrad.
His extra skill used a sword and shield combination, both of which were cross-shaped, and allowed the user to switch freely between attack and defense. It was named «Holy Sword». I had seen it myself a couple of times and noticed that the skill's most remarkable aspect was its overwhelming defensive strength. Rumors claim that no one had ever seen his HP go into the yellow zone. During the 50th floor boss fight which had inflicted heavy casualties on the players, he had managed to hold the line by himself for ten whole minutes. This achievement remained a popular topic of conversation even today.
There was no weapon that could pierce Heathcliff's cross-shaped shield.
This was one of the most widely-accepted tenets within Aincrad.
As I arrived on the 55th floor with Asuna, I felt an indescribable nervousness. Of course, I had no intention of crossing swords with Heathcliff. I was merely going to ask him to accept Asuna's request for a temporary break from the guild; that was my only goal.
Grandum, the living area of the 55th floor, was nicknamed «Steel City». This was because Grandum, unlike the other cities which were built with stone, was mostly comprised of huge towers that were made of shining black steel. Since the city had a large number of blacksmiths, its player population was quite high. However, there weren't any trees or other greenery alongside the streets, which gave off a feeling that this city was harshly unforgiving in the winter winds.
We came through the gate plaza and walked along the road, which was made with steel plates locked into position with rivets. Asuna's footsteps seemed heavy; maybe it was because she was afraid of what might happen.
We walked amongst the steel towers for about ten minutes until an even larger tower loomed before us. Silver spears protruded out above the huge gates, while white flags with red crosses swayed in the cold wind. It was the HQ of the Knights of the Blood guild.
Asuna stopped in front of me. She looked up at the tower for a while and then said:
“Before, the HQ was a small house in a countryside village on the 39th floor. Everyone always complained that it was too small and crowded. I'm not against the guild expanding... but this city is too cold, and I don't like it...”
“Let's just get this over with quickly; then we can go get something warm to eat.”
“You're always talking about eating.”
Asuna smiled and moved her left hand to gently grasp the fingers of my right hand. She didn't even look at me, who was perplexed at her behavior, and just stood there like that for a few seconds.
“Okay, charging complete!”
Then she released my hand and began to walk towards the tower in long strides. I hurried to follow behind her.
After going up the stairs, we came across two wide-open gates, although there were two heavily-armored guards equipped with a particularly long spear on each side. Asuna walked over to them, the heels of her boots clanking against the floor. As she approached them, both of the guards greeted her by raising their spears off the ground.
“Thank you for your hard work.”
With her crisp response and her confident stride, it was hard to believe that this was the same depressed girl who had been in Agil's shop just an hour ago. Following closely behind Asuna, I passed the guards and entered the tower with her.
Like the other buildings of Grandum, this tower was also built from black steel. Its first floor was a spacious lobby, but there wasn't a single person here right now.
Thinking that the building felt even colder than the streets outside, we walked past the mosaic floor, which had been meticulously constructed from numerous metal pieces, and came to a spiral staircase.
We went up the stairs; our footsteps echoing through the hall. The staircase climbed so high, a person with low vitality stats would have collapsed halfway up. After passing countless doors, I started to worry about how much further we would still have to go. Then Asuna finally stopped in front of a cold steel door.
“This is...?”
“Yeah...”
Asuna nodded with an expression of reluctance on her face. But she seemed to have arrived at a decision right away. She raised her right hand, knocked loudly on the door, and then opened it without waiting for a reply. I squinted as bright light poured out from the room.
Inside was a round room that took up an entire floor of the tower. The walls on all four sides were made of transparent glass windows. The light that filtered through them colored the room in a monotone gray.
A huge semi-circular table stood in the center of the room; five men sat in the chairs behind it. I had never seen the four on the sides, but I recognized the one in the middle all too well. He was the paladin Heathcliff.
He didn't look all that imposing. His age was probably around twenty-five. His features were sharp like that of a scholar, and a strand of steel-grey hair hung over his forehead. The richly red robe draped around his tall, thin body made him seem more like a wizard that didn't exist in this world than a swordsman.
But the most prominent features were his eyes. Those mysterious brass eyes emitted a strong magnetism that overwhelmed people. This wasn't even my first time meeting him; but to be truthful, I was still intimidated.
Asuna walked over to the table, the sound of her boots echoing, and gave a light salute.
“I've come to say my farewell.”
Heathcliff gave a bitter smile in response:
“There's no need to rush. Please allow me to talk to him for a bit first.”
He looked my way as he said that. I drew back my hood and stood next to Asuna.
“Is this the first time I've met you outside of a boss fight, Kirito?”
“No... We talked for a while during the 67th floor strategy meeting.”
I answered in a formal tone without realizing it.
Heathcliff nodded slightly and clasped his hands together on top of the table.
“That was a difficult battle. We almost took some casualties within our guild. Even though they call us the top guild, we're always short on people. Yet now you are trying to take away one of our precious top players.”
“If she's so precious, how about putting more thought in selecting her bodyguards?”
The man on the furthest right began to stand up at my sharp retort, his expression changing. But Heathcliff stopped him with simple wave of the hand.
“I've ordered Kuradeel to return to his house and reflect upon his mistakes. I must apologize for the trouble we have caused you. But, we cannot just stand aside and allow you to take our sub-leader away. Kirito—”
He suddenly glared at me; his sharp metallic eyes showed an unwavering will behind them.
“If you want to take her— win her with your sword, with «Dual Blades». If you fight me and win, then Asuna can go with you. But if you lose, then you will have to join the Knights of the Blood.”
“...”
I felt like I could finally understand a bit of this mysterious man.
He was someone obsessed with sword duels. Furthermore, he had unshakable confidence in his own skills. He was a hopeless person who could not throw away his pride as a gamer despite being trapped in this inescapable game of death. In other words, he was the same as me.
After hearing Heathcliff's words, Asuna, who had been silent until now, opened her mouth and spoke as if she couldn't take any more of this.
“Leader, I didn't say that I would quit the guild. I just wanted a temporary leave, to get away and think about some things...”
I placed my hand on Asuna's shoulder, whose words had become more agitated, and took a step forward. I faced Heathcliff's gaze directly, and my mouth moved almost by itself.
“Okay. If you want to talk through our swords, then I have no objections. We'll decide this with a duel.”

“Auu—!!! Idiotidiotidiot!!!”
We were back in Algade, on the second floor of Agil's shop. After chasing the curious shopkeeper back to the first floor, I tried to calm Asuna down.
“I was trying so hard to convince him, yet you just had to say something like that!!!”
Asuna was sitting on the armrest of the rocking chair I was on and was using her tightly balled fists to grind against me.
“I'm sorry! I'm reaaaally sorry! I just went with the flow and...”
She finally calmed down after I gently grabbed her fists; but now she was pouting. I had to forcibly keep myself from laughing at the huge gap between her behavior at the guild HQ and that of right now.
“It's fine. We've decided on using first strike rules, so there's no danger involved. Besides, it's not like I'm definitely going to lose...”
“Uu~~~~...”
Asuna made an angry noise and crossed her thin, long legs atop the armrest.
“...When I saw Kirito-kun's «Dual Blades», I thought that your skill was on a totally different level. But it's the same for the leader's «Holy Sword»... One could say that his power was strong enough to destroy the game's balance. Truthfully, I really don't know who'll win... But what are you going to do? If you lose, it doesn't matter if I can't take a break, but you'll have to join KoB, Kirito-kun.”
“Well, you could say that I would still achieve my goal, depending on how you think about it.”
“Eh? Why?”
I had to force my mouth open to respond.
“Err, well, as...as long as Asuna is with me, I don't mind joining the guild.”
In the past, I would never have said something like this, even if it was to save my own life. Asuna's eyes went wide with surprise, and her face turned as red as a ripe apple. Then, for some reason, she fell quiet, got up from the armrest, and walked over to the window.
From across Asuna's shoulders, I could hear the everyday sounds of Algade under the setting sun.
What I just said was the truth, but I still felt reluctant about becoming part of a guild. As I remembered the name of the only guild that I had ever belonged to, which no longer exists today, a sharp pain ached in my heart.
Well, I have no intention of losing...
I thought to myself, then got up from the chair and walked over to Asuna.
Soon afterwards, Asuna rested her head softly against my right shoulder.

Chapter 13
The newly opened living area on the 75th floor was a city reminiscent of ancient Rome. According to the map, its name was «Collinia». The entire city was already filled with activity, thanks to the large numbers of fighters and merchants that have settled in, as well as others who took no part in clearing the game but had come to sight-see. On top of all that, a rare special event would be held here today, so guests had been pouring out of the teleport gate since this morning.
The city was mostly constructed from square bricks of white limestone. One building stood out amongst its temple-like buildings and wide waterways; that was the huge coliseum which towered in front of the gate plaza. It was perfect for holding the duel between Heathcliff and me. But...
"Fire-breathing popcorn for ten Col a cup! Ten Col!"
"Cold black beer for sale~!"
Numerous merchants were selling their goods in front of the coliseum entrance; they were calling out to the long line of spectators and selling them strange looking refreshments.
"...This, what on earth is this...?"
Shocked by the sight unfolding before me, I could only ask Asuna, who was standing beside me.
"I-I don't know..."
"Hey, isn't that a KoB member selling the tickets!? How on earth did it turn into such a large event!?"
"I-I don't know..."
"Is this Heathcliff's real goal...?"
"No, I think that the head of finances, Daizen-san, is the one behind this. He wouldn't miss an opportunity like this."
As Asuna laughed, I sagged my shoulders and felt completely powerless.
"...Let's run away Asuna. We can go live in some small village on the 20th floor and plow fields."
"I'm fine with that, but..."
Asuna then added teasingly:
"You'll make a rea~lly bad name for yourself if you run away now."
"Damn-it..."
"Well, it's your own fault, isn't it? Ah... Daizen-san."
As I lifted my head, I saw a fat man who was waddling towards us; he was so wide that it was impossible to find a person less suited to wear the red-white uniform of the KoB.
With a wide smile covering his round face, he started talking to us:
"Thanks ta Kirito-san we're makin' lotsa money! If ya jus' did it once every month I'd be really thankful!"
"No way!!"
"Come, come, the waitin' room's over here. Come on, this way please."
I resigned myself to my fate and followed him. I didn't even care about what would happen anymore.
The waiting room was a small place that faced the arena. After Daizen escorted me to the entrance, he said something about adjusting the betting prices and disappeared. I didn't even have the energy to curse him anymore. From the waiting room, I could hear countless indistinct cheers outside. It seemed that the audience seating was already filled.
When only the two of us remained, Asuna grasped my palm with both her hands and spoke with a serious expression.
"...Even if it's a First Strike match, it'll be dangerous if you get directly hit by a strong critical strike. Especially since many of the leader's moves aren't even known, you should forfeit as soon as you feel something is wrong, understood? I'll never forgive you if you do something dangerous again like last time!"
"You should be worrying about Heathcliff more."
I smiled and tapped both of Asuna's shoulders.
As an announcement declared the start of the duel, the crowd gave off a thunderous roar. I pulled the two swords on my back out by a bit, and then slid them back into their scabbards with a *clang*. After that, I began to walk towards the square light hoop on the field.
The step seating that ringed the amphitheater was fully packed with people. My guess is that there were at least a thousand spectators. I could see Klein and Agil on the front rows, screaming dangerous things like "Dice him up" and "Kill him" .
I walked to the center of the arena before stopping. Then, a deep red silhouette emerged from the opposite waiting room, and the cheering became even more intense.
Unlike the normal Knights of the Blood uniform, which was red on white, Heathcliff wore a red surcoat that was the complete opposite. Although he was like me and wore almost no armor, he held a huge, pure-white, cross-shaped shield in his left hand, which had immediately caught my attention. His sword seemed to be sheathed within the shield, as I could see the cross-shaped handle protruding from its top.
Heathcliff walked casually until he stood right before me. He glanced at the crowd and then spoke with a bitter smile.
"I must apologize, Kirito-kun. I really had no idea that this was going to happen."
"I'm going to be asking for my share of the money."
"No... After this fight you'll be part of our guild. I'll be designating this duel as one of the guild's missions."
Heathcliff then erased his smile, and his brass colored eyes started giving off an overwhelming energy. Intimidated, I unconsciously took half a step back. In reality, we were probably lying down at places far away from each other, with only digital data being passed between us. But, I still felt something that could only be called killing intent.
My mind went into its battle state, and my eyes received Heathcliff's gaze head on. The loud cheering sounded as if it was moving further away. Before I realized it, my senses had already begun to quicken, and it felt like even the colors of the surroundings had changed.
Heathcliff turned his gaze and walked to a spot about ten meters away from me. He then raised his right hand and manipulated the menu screen that appeared without even glancing at it. A duel message appeared in front of me. I consented and set the mode to first strike.
The countdown started. I could barely hear the shouts around me now.
My blood began to pump faster. I vanquished the last remaining bits of hesitation and let loose my desire to fight. Then I drew my two swords at the same time from behind my back. My opponent wasn't someone I could win against unless I went all out from the beginning.
Heathcliff drew his thin, long sword from his shield, and then held it resolutely as he entered his combat stance.
He stood with his shield turned towards me and the right side of his body away from me. I couldn't feel any forced strength behind his stance. I realized that trying to predict his actions would only confuse me further, and decided to simply charge in immediately and attack with full power.
Even though neither of us glanced at the window, we both kicked off as soon as the «Duel» message appeared.
I lowered my stance as I ran; my body nearly scraping the floor as it glided in.
I twisted my body around right before reaching Heathcliff and swung the sword in my right hand upwards to the left. It was blocked by the cross-shaped shield and sent out a burst of sparks. But my attack was part of a two hit combo. Point one second after the first strike, my left sword slid in behind the shield. It was a Dual Blades dash-type skill «Double Circular».
The strike from the left was deflected by the long sword; its circular lighting effect stopped midway. Although it was disappointing, this move was just a signal for beginning the fight. Using the force of the sword skill, I widened the distance between us and then charged at my opponent again.
This time, Heathcliff countered by charging me with his shield. His right arm was hidden behind his huge cross-shaped shield, making it hard to see.
"Che!"
I dashed to my right in an attempt to evade his attack. I thought that if I stayed on Heathcliff's shield side, I would have enough time to react to his attacks even if I couldn't see the trajectory.
But then Heathcliff lifted his shield up horizontally.
"Haa!"
With this low shout, he executed a piercing attack with his shield. It came at me, leaving a trail of pure white light.
"Ahh!!"
I just managed to guard by crossing my two swords. The powerful impact rattled my entire body and sent me flying back by several meters. I dug my right sword into the ground to stop myself from falling over and then flipped in midair before landing.
It was unexpected, but it seemed that the shield itself could also be used as a weapon. It was similar to Dual Blades in a sense. I had originally thought that my overwhelming attack speed would allow me to win in a first strike duel; but it seemed that I was wrong.
Heathcliff dashed towards me, closing the distance between us and denying me of any time to recover. The sword with the cross-shaped hilt in his right hand pierced towards me at a speed that could rival Asuna the «Flash».
As the opponent started his combo attack, I could only use both of my swords to defend. Before the duel, Asuna had explained as much as she could about «Holy Sword»; but it seemed that cramming just wasn't enough. Therefore, I could only rely on split-second decisions to block the incoming blows.
After using my left sword to parry the last upward slash of his eight strike combo, I immediately attempted a one-hit sword skill, «Vorpal Strike», with my right.
"Hya...aaa!!"
With the metallic noise of a jet engine, the sword skill left a red trail of light before striking the center of his shield. It felt as if I had hit a stone wall; but my hands kept going to finish the strike.
*Claang!!* The sound of the impact rang out, and this time Heathcliff was pushed back. I couldn't completely pierce the shield, but I felt the feeling of having «penetrated» his defense. Heathcliff's HP had been reduced slightly, but not enough to decide the fight.
Heathcliff landed agilely and widened the distance between us.
"...Impressive reaction time."
"More like your defense is too perfect...!!"
I charged as I said this. Heathcliff also raised his sword and closed in on me.
We started trading blows at blinding speeds. My sword was blocked by his shield; his sword was deflected by mine. Various light trails of different colors appeared and faded continuously around us, while the sounds of our weapons clashing shook the arena floor. A minor blow made it through every once a while, and our HP decreased bit by bit. Even if both players failed to make a clean hit, one would win the moment their opponent's HP fell below 50%.
But I didn't care about that anymore. I felt myself accelerating in exhilaration, as this was the first time I had faced such a strong opponent since being trapped in SAO. Every time my senses sharpened, the speed of my attacks rose by another notch.
I still haven't reached my limit. I can still get faster. Follow me if you can, Heathcliff!!!
As I released every ounce of strength at my disposal, I drowned myself in the savage joy of swinging my swords. I was most probably laughing. While the exchange of sword blows intensified, the HP of both sides continued to decrease until they nearly reached the 50% area.
At that instant, Heathcliff's stoic face finally showed a flash of emotion.
What was it? Nervousness? I felt the speed of his blows decrease just a little.
"Haaaa!"
In that moment, I abandoned all defenses and launched an assault with both of my swords: «Starburst Stream». My blades rushed towards Heathcliff like the blazing flames of a solar prominence.
"Argh...!!"
Heathcliff raised his cross-shaped shield to guard. But I just ignored it and kept hacking away at him from the right, left, up, and down. Meanwhile, his responses became even slower.
—I can break through!!
I was certain that the last strike would breach his defense. With his shield overextended to the right, my attack from the left streaked in, drawing a trajectory of light. As long as this blow lands, his HP will definitely fall below the halfway mark, and I would win the—
Then, at this moment, my entire world shook.
"—!?"
How should I describe it? It was as if some of my time had been taken away from me.
For several tenths of a second, everything around me seemed to freeze; everything except Heathcliff. The shield that should have been on the right suddenly appeared on the left, as if I was watching a stop motion video, and blocked my sword.
"Wha—!?"
I was stunned for a fatal moment after the strong attack was blocked. There was no way that Heathcliff would have lost that chance.
The long sword in his right hand launched a one-hit skill, which came at me with a detestable accuracy that would surely decide the match. I fell into an unsightly heap. I could see the purple system message, which announced that the duel had ended, with the corner of my eye.
My battle state had disappeared. I simply laid there, my mind blank, even as the cheering registered in my head once again.
"Kirito-kun!!"
Asuna ran over and shook me back to my senses.
"Ah...yeah... I'm fine."
Asuna looked at my blank expression with worry.
I lost—?
I still couldn't believe it. Heathcliff's unearthly speed during those final moments had gone past the limits of a player— past the limits of any human. I even saw the polygons that made up his avatar distort for a moment because of the impossible speed.
As I sat on the ground, I raised my head and gazed at Heathcliff's face.
But the expression of the winner was angry for some reason. The red paladin glared at us with his metallic eyes, then turned around wordlessly and walked over to his waiting room amidst the thunderous cheering.

Chapter 14
"Wha...? What is that!?"
"What do you mean? You know what this is. Now come on, get up!"
The things that Asuna had forced me into were my new clothes. Although it had the same design as the coat I used to wear, it was also blindingly white. There were two small crosses on each of my cuffs and a large one on my back; all three of them were dyed in bright red. It was, beyond any doubt, a KoB uniform.
"...I-I said I wanted something plain..."
"This is already pretty plain. Yeah, it suits you!!"
I sank into the rocking chair as all strength left my body. I was still living on the second floor of Agil's shop. The place had already become my disaster shelter, so the pitiable shopkeeper could only sleep on a simple bed on the first floor. The only reason he hadn't chased me out was because Asuna came every other day to help out with the shop. It was the best advertising opportunity he could get.
As I groaned in my chair, Asuna came and sat down on the armrest, which had become her designated spot. She rocked the chair with a smile, as if my current predicament was amusing to her, and then clapped her hands together as if she had thought of something.
"Ah, we better say our greetings properly. As a member of the guild, I hope we can get along well."
As she suddenly bowed, I straightened my back to reply.
"I-I hope we get along too... but then again, I'm just a normal member while you're the sub-leader, so..."
I swept my right forefinger down Asuna's spine.
"I won't be able to do things like this anymore—"
"Kyaa!"
With this scream, my superior jumped up and struck her subordinate's head. Then she walked over to the opposite chair and sat down; her face pouting.
Under the lazy sunlight of late autumn, we went into a short and peaceful lull.
My loss in the duel against Heathcliff had passed two days ago. As I wasn't someone who would go back on his word, I joined the Knights of the Blood as I had agreed with Heathcliff. The guild gave me two days to prepare, so starting tomorrow I would be following their orders to explore the 75th floor labyrinth.
Joining a guild, huh—
Asuna glanced at me as she heard my quiet sigh.
"...You got mixed up in all this because of me."
"Nah, it's fine. It's a good opportunity for me. I was starting to feel the limits of solo playing anyway..."
"It's a relief to hear you say that... Hey, Kirito-kun..."
Asuna's hazelnut eyes looked directly at me.
"Can you tell me why you avoid guilds... avoid people...? I don't think it's merely because you're a beta tester or a unique skill user, because you are a very kind person."
I shifted my gaze downwards and slowly rocked my chair.
"...A long time ago... over a year actually, I once joined a guild...."
The words came out so easily that it surprised me. Maybe it was because Asuna's gaze felt like it would be able to melt the pain that spiked through me every time I thought about this.
"I was offered a spot after I met and helped them by chance in a labyrinth area... It was a small guild with only six members, including me, and it had an interesting name: «Black Cats of the Full Moon»."
Asuna smiled lightly.
"The leader was a good person. He was a two-handed stave user called Keita. He always thought of the guild members first in any situation, so everyone trusted him deeply. He told me that he was on the lookout for a forward, since most of the members used longer-ranged two-handed weapons...
To tell the truth, their levels were all much lower than mine. No, I should say that I had leveled too much.
If I had told him my level, Keita would have thought otherwise about inviting me. But I had been getting tired of going into the Labyrinths alone day after day, and the family-like atmosphere of the «Black Cats» had made me envious. It felt like they were real-life friends, as the conversations they had with each other lacked any of the awkwardness and distance that was usually evident in online conversations between players; that had deeply appealed to me as well.
Frankly, I had no right to desire for the care of others. I had lost that right when I decided to become a solo player and selfishly leveled only for myself. But I had quelled my inner voices and joined the guild, hiding both my level and my beta-tester past.
Keita asked me if I could train one of their spear users into a sword-and-shield user. Because then there would be three forwards, including myself, and the guild would make a balanced party.
The spear user who he had entrusted to me was a quiet girl with shoulder-length black hair named Sachi. When we were introduced, she said, with an embarrassed smile, that despite being a long-time gamer, she hadn't been able to make many friends due to her personality. Whenever there were no guild activities, I had hung out with her and taught her how to use her single-handed sword.
Sachi and I were similar in a lot of ways. We were both socially awkward, preferred to wall ourselves in, and yet feared loneliness.
Then one day, she suddenly told me that she was afraid of dying, that she was so scared of this game of death that she didn't want to go out and train.
In response to her divulgence, I could only say 'I won't let you die'. I couldn't say anything else to her since I was still trying to hide my level. After she heard my response, she cried for a bit before forcing out a smile.
On another day, some time later, the five of us, all of the guild excluding Keita, went into a labyrinth. Keita didn't come with us because he had gone to bargain for a house to use as our HQ with the money that we had managed to save up.
Although the labyrinth we went to had already been cleared, there were still unexplored areas within it. One of the members discovered a treasure chest when we were preparing to leave. I recommended leaving it alone, as we were close to the front lines so the monsters had high levels. Furthermore, I didn't trust the trap dismantling skills of the members. But since only Sachi and I opposed opening the treasure chest, we lost 3 to 2 on the vote.
It was an alarm trap, one of the worst types of traps. As soon as we opened the chest, an ear-splitting alarm sounded, and monsters began to pour in from every entrance to the room. We immediately attempted to escape by teleporting.
But the trap was twofold. The room was an Anti-Crystal Area— our crystals didn't work.
There were simply too many monsters to hold back. The other members fell into complete confusion and ran around aimlessly. I tried to cut a path open by using the high class sword skills that I had been hiding up until now, but the panicked members didn't make it out in time. One by one, their HP fell to zero, and they screamed before bursting into tiny fragments. I thought that I could at least save Sachi and swung my sword endlessly.
But it was too late. I saw Sachi reaching out towards me with her hand while a monster cut her down mercilessly. Her eyes were still trusting even as she shattered like a glass statue and disappeared. She had trusted and relied on me until the very end; but because my words were weak and shallow, they had become nothing more than an empty promise, a lie.
Keita had been waiting for us in the inn that had served as our temporary base with the new HQ keys in his hands. After returning to the inn by myself, I explained to Keita what had happened. He had listened wordlessly until I finished, then asked me:
'How did you survive?'
Then I revealed my real level and that I had been a beta tester.
Keita had glared at me as if I was something disgusting, then said one thing.
'—A beater like you didn't have any right to join us.'
Those words had stabbed through me as if they were a steel sword."

"...What happened... to that person...?"
"He committed suicide."
Asuna's body shuddered on the chair.
"He jumped off the edge of the floor. Most probably cursing me... to the very end..."
I felt my throat contract. As I recounted these memories that I had sealed deep inside my heart, the painful emotions of back then returned with perfect clarity. I gritted my teeth. Although I wanted to reach out to Asuna for comfort, a voice in my mind whispered, "You have no right to do so", which left me with only the option of tightly clenching my fists.
"I had killed them. If I didn't hide the fact that I was a beta tester, I would have been able to persuade them to leave the chest alone. It was me... I'm the one who had killed Keita... and Sachi..."
With my eyes wide open, I forced these words out of my gritted teeth.
Asuna suddenly stood up, took two steps towards me, and caressed my face with both her hands. She pulled her beautiful face closer to mine with a warm smile.
"I won't die."
She said it in a whisper, yet the voice was very clear. I felt the strength leave my tensed body.
"Because, I'm... I'm somebody who'll protect you."
After saying this, Asuna brought my head to her chest and embraced it. I felt a soft and warm darkness cover me.
As I closed my eyes, my mind reached over the dark veil of my memories and saw the faces of the Black Cat members; they were all sitting at the Inn's counter, bathed in an orange glow.
I cannot be forgiven. I can never pay the price for my wrongdoings.
Yet despite this, the faces that remained in my memories seemed to be smiling.

On the next day, I put on my blindingly white coat and left with Asuna for Grandum on the 55th floor.
Starting today, I would begin my work as a Knights of the Blood guild member. However, in contrast to the usual five-person party, Asuna took advantage of her power and allowed us to form a two-person party; so in reality, it was no different from yesterday.
But the orders that awaited us at the guild HQ were totally unexpected.
"Training...?"
"Yes. We will make a party of four and go through the Labyrinth Area in the 55th floor until we reach the living area of the 56th floor."
The man who said this was one of the four other men who were present at the table when I had talked with Heathcliff. He was a huge man with thick blond curls and looked like an axe wielder.
"Wait, Godfree! Kirito-kun is going to..."
As Asuna started arguing, Godfree raised one eyebrow and responded in a confident, if not presumptuous, voice.
"Even the sub-leader must adhere to the rules. I don't mind the party he joins for exploration. But as the commander of the vanguard, I must test his capabilities. Even if he is a unique skill user, we don't actually know if he'll be of any use to us."
"W-With Kirito-kun's strength, there's no way he'll be an inconvenience..."
I calmed the agitated Asuna down before speaking:
"If you want to see, then I'll show you. But I don't want to waste time in such a low-level labyrinth. Would rushing through it in one run be alright with you?"
Godfree closed his mouth with an expression of displeasure. Then he left after saying:
"Assemble at the west city gate in thirty minutes."
"What kind of attitude is that!?"
Asuna kicked the steel pillar with her boots in indignation.
"I'm sorry, Kirito-kun. Maybe it would have been better if we had run away..."
"If we did that, all the members of the guild would collectively curse me to death."
I smiled and hit Asuna's head playfully.
"Uuuu, I thought that we would be together today... Should I go along with you...?"
"I'll be back soon. Just wait here."
"Yeah... Be careful..."
Asuna nodded reluctantly. After waving my hand towards her, I walked out of the HQ.

But when I arrived at the appointed location —the west gate of Grandum— I saw something even more shocking.
Next to Godfree stood the person who I least wanted to see in this world — Kuradeel.

Chapter 15
“...What is this?”
I asked Godfree quietly.
“Hmm, I already know what happened between you two. But since you're comrades within the same guild from now on, I thought this would be a good opportunity to work out the bad blood between you two.”
As I watched Godfree laugh with his head up in the air, Kuradeel slowly walked towards me.
“...”
I tensed and prepared to react to any situation. Even though we were in a safe area, there was no telling what he might do.
But against all my expectations, Kuradeel suddenly bowed. He then muttered in a barely-audible voice under his long hair.
“I'm... sorry for causing you trouble last time...”
This time I was genuinely shocked. My jaw dropped in amazement and I was left wordless.
“I won't act so rudely again... I hope you will forgive me...”
I couldn't see his expression under his long, greasy hair.
“Ah... yeah...”
As I forced myself to nod, I wondered what in the world had happened. Did he get a personality altering surgery or something?
“Yes, yes. Well, that's all taken care of now!!”
Godfree gave another hearty laugh. I felt really suspicious; Kuradeel must be up to something, but I couldn't guess from looking at his lowered head. In contrast to its overstated emotions, SAO had a hard time portraying subtle expressions. I could only accept his apology for now, but I reminded myself not to let my guard down.
The last member arrived after a while, and then we set off for the labyrinth. Just as I began to step into my pace, Godfree stopped me with a gruff voice:
“Wait... Today's training will be done under the most realistic circumstances. I want to see how well you deal with dangerous situations, so I will be taking all of your crystals.”
“...Even our teleport crystals?”
Godfree only nodded in response. I hesitated. Crystals, especially teleport crystals, were the last safety net in this death game. I had never been without them. I was about to refuse, but a problem here might put Asuna in a problematic situation, so I decided to hold back my words.
Seeing as Kuradeel and the other member handed over their crystals obediently, I had no choice but to follow. Godfree even carefully checked my inventory afterwards.
“Hmm, good. Then let's go!”
At Godfree's order, we walked out of Grandum and journeyed towards the Labyrinth Area that we could see to the far west.

The 55th floor training area was a desolate wasteland almost devoid of vegetation. I wanted to finish the training quickly, so I suggested running all the way to the labyrinth, but it was rejected by a single wave of Godfree's hand. It was most probably because he had focused on raising his strength stats and disregarded his dexterity. I could only give up and continue to tread through the endless wilderness.
We ran into monsters a couple of times. But when it came to this, I had no time to wait patiently for Godfree's orders, so I simply cut them down right away.
Eventually, after making it past a number of tall, rocky mountains, the gray limestone of the labyrinth finally came into view...
“Okay, we're taking a break here!”
After Godfree announced this in his gruff voice, the party stopped.
“...”
I wanted to just rush through the labyrinth; but since I figured it'd be overruled even if I brought it up, I simply sighed and sat down on a rock. It was already nearly midday.
“I'll hand the food out.”
Godfree then called up four leather pouches and threw them to the members. I caught mine with one hand and opened it without any expectations. Inside were a water bottle and some hard bread that were sold at NPC stores.
I opened the bottle and swallowed a mouthful while cursing my bad luck; I would be eating Asuna's handmade sandwiches right now if everything had gone as we had planned.
Then, I suddenly noticed that Kuradeel was sitting on a distant rock. He hadn't even touched his pouch, and those eyes beneath his long hair glanced darkly in our direction.
What on earth was he looking at...?
A cold feeling abruptly passed through my body. He was waiting for something. That something... It most probably—
I immediately threw the bottle away and tried to spit the liquid out of my mouth.
But it was too late. Strength suddenly left my body and I collapsed. The HP bar came up at the edge of my vision; it was surrounded by a green line that wasn't usually there.
There was no mistaking it; it was a paralysis poison.
When I looked around, I discovered that Godfree and the other member were also writhing on the ground. I immediately reached inside my pouch with my left forearm, but this only intensified my panic. I had already handed all my antidote crystals and teleport crystals to Godfree. I still had a potion, but it didn't have any effect on paralysis.
“Ku...kukuku...”
Shrill laughter reached my ears. As he sat on the rock, Kuradeel held his stomach with both hands and bent over in laughter. His heavily lidded eyes revealed the crazed ecstasy that I remembered all too well.
“Waha! Haha! Hyahahahaha!!”
He guffawed towards the skies, seemingly unable to control himself. Godfree stared at him with a stupefied expression.
“What...? What is this...? Wasn't the water... prepared by... you, Kuradeel...”
“Godfree! Quick, use an antidote crystal!!”
After hearing my shout, Godfree finally began to rummage through the pouch at his side.
“Hya—!!”
With a strange scream, Kuradeel jumped off his rock and kicked aside Godfree's left hand with his boot. A green crystal rolled out of Godfree's hand. Kuradeel picked it up, then stuck his hand in Godfree's pouch, took out the remaining crystals, and put them into his own pouch.
Everything was over.
“Kuradeel... What, what are you doing...? Is this some sort of... training exercise?”
“Re—tard!!”
Kuradeel said as he kicked Godfree, who still didn't understand the situation and muttered these stupid things, in the mouth.
“Argh!”
Godfree's HP went down a little, and at the same time Kuradeel's cursor changed from yellow to the orange color of criminal status. But this didn't change anything. There was no way that someone would pass by on a floor that had already been cleared.
“Godfree-san, I always thought you were an idiot, but I never imagined that you were this hopeless. Is even your brain made out of muscle?”
Kuradeel's sharp laughter echoed across the wastelands.
“There are still a lot of things that I want to say to you... but it wouldn't do to waste my time with appetizers...”
Kuradeel drew his two-handed sword as he spoke. He raised it high into the air and stretched out his thin body. Sunlight reflected off the thick blade as he waved it about.
“W-Wait, Kuradeel! You... What...What are you saying...? Isn't...Isn't this training...?”
“Just shut up and die.”
Kuradeel spat out and swung his sword down without mercy. A heavy and dull noise sounded, and Godfree's HP greatly decreased.
Godfree finally grasped the seriousness of the situation and started screaming. But it was already too late.
Twice, thrice, the sword came down with a merciless glint, and Godfree's HP reduced noticeably with each swing. Then, when it reached the red area, Kuradeel stopped.
Just as I thought that he wouldn't commit murder no matter how crazy he was, Kuradeel reversed his grip on the sword and slowly pushed it into Godfree. As Godfree's HP went down bit by bit, Kuradeel began to press his entire weight against the sword.
“Aaaaaaaahhh!!”
“Hyahahahaha!!”
While Godfree's wailing became louder, Kuradeel began mixing in a strange scream of his own. The sword dug into Godfree's body slowly and his HP reduced at a steady pace—
While the other member and I watched silently, Kuradeel's sword penetrated completely through Godfree, and his HP bar reached zero at the same time. Godfree most probably didn't understand what was going on even as his body shattered into countless shards.
Kuradeel slowly pulled his sword out of the ground, then spun his head around like a clockwork doll and looked at the other member.
“Ah!! Ahhh!!”
With these short screams, the member flailed around in an attempt to escape. Kuradeel then started walking towards him in odd steps.
“...I have nothing against you... But according to my scenario, only I can return alive...”
He raised his sword while muttering to himself.
“Aaaahh!”
“You wanna hear~? You see, our party—”
He swung it down; his ears deaf to the member's screams.
“Was ambushed in the wilderness by a large group of PKers—.”
Another swing.
“We fought bravely, but all three had died—.”
And another.
“I was the only one remaining, but I drove back the criminals and managed to stay alive before returning to HQ—.”
After the fourth attack, the member's HP vanished. A sound effect that sent shivers down my body resonated. But Kuradeel looked as if he had heard the voice of a goddess. He stood there, in the middle of the explosion of shards, and listened to it with a blissful expression on his face.
It wasn't his first time...
I was sure of this. His cursor may have turned to the orange color of criminals' only moments ago, but there were plenty of despicable ways to kill people without triggering it. However, understanding this fact now didn't solve anything.
Finally, Kuradeel turned to look my way, with an uncontrollable mirth spreading across his face. He slowly walked towards me, his sword making an unbearable noise as he dragged it along the ground.
“Hey.”
He crouched down next to me, who was still sprawled on the ground, and said in a whisper.
“Because of an idiot like you, I had to kill two completely innocent people.”
“You seem quite happy about it though.”
I responded as I looked desperately for a way out of this situation. The only thing that moved was my mouth and my left arm. Because the paralysis condition kept one from opening the menu window, it also forbade the player from sending any messages. Even though I knew it wouldn't do me much good, I struggled to move my left hand, which was inside Kuradeel's blind spot, while I continued to talk.
“Why did a person like you join the KoB? A criminal guild would have suited you better.”
“Keh, why are you asking something so obvious? It's because of that girl.”
He said this with his raspy voice and licked his lips. When I realized that he was talking about Asuna my blood began to boil.
“You damn bastard...!”
“Woah, why are you glaring at me like that? It's just a game isn't it...? Don't worry. I'll look after your precious sub-leader for you. After all, I have a lot of useful items.”
Kuradeel picked up the poisoned water bottle and then shook it to produce some splashing sounds. Then he gave an awkward wink and kept talking.
“And you just said something very interesting, that a criminal guild would suit me more.”
“...Well, it's just the truth.”
“I was complimenting you. You're pretty sharp.”
“Kekekeke.”
Kuradeel seemed to be considering something as he laughed. Then, he suddenly unequipped the gauntlet on his left arm. He rolled up the white sleeves of his undershirt and turned his bare forearm so that I could see its underside.
“...!!”
When I saw what was there— my breath suddenly stopped. It was a tattoo. The image was a manga-like caricature of an ink-black coffin. A mouth and a pair of eyes formed a grin atop the coffin lid; the white bones of a skeletal arm reached out from inside.
“That... emblem is... «Laughing Coffin»?”
I asked in a dry voice. Kuradeel gave a smile and nodded in response.
«Laughing Coffin» used to be the biggest and worst PK guild in Aincrad. They were headed by a cold, sly leader and experimented endlessly with new methods of killing people; in the end, the number of players it had killed went into the triple digit figures.
The players once attempted to solve the issue through negotiations, but every messenger had been killed immediately. We couldn't even understand why they PKed, since it only lessened the chances of clearing the game, and because of this we couldn't talk with them properly. Not too long ago, the players who aimed to clear the game had formed a subjugation group that rivaled the boss-killing groups, and finally destroyed their guild after several long and bloody battles.
Asuna and I were in the group too. But the information had leaked somewhere, and the PKers were prepared and waiting for us. In my frenzy to protect my comrades, I ended up taking the lives of two Laughing Coffin members by accident.
“Is this... for revenge? You're a survivor from the Laughing Coffin?”
I asked with my cracking voice. Kuradeel virtually spat out his answer:
“Heh, no way. Why would I do something as stupid as that? I joined the Laughing Coffin only recently, and only in spirit anyways. I learned this paralysis technique from them... Ah, that's bothersome.”
He stood up with an almost machine-like movement and raised his sword up again.
“Well, we've talked for long enough. The poison should wear off soon, so I should finish this now. I've been dreaming of this moment... ever since that duel...”
Fire burned in his eyes, which were opened so wide they became circles. His smiling mouth had stuck its tongue out, and he even raised his heels to stand tiptoed as he prepared to swing his sword down.
Just before he moved, I tossed the throwing pick in my left hand using only my wrist. Although I aimed for the face where the damage was greatest, the accuracy penalty from paralysis caused the steel pick to miss and pierce into Kuradeel's left arm. Kuradeel's HP reduced by only a small amount, while I fell into a completely hopeless situation.
“...That hurt...”
Kuradeel wrinkled his brow and curved his lips upwards, then stabbed my right arm with the tip of his sword. He then twisted it twice, then thrice.
“Argh...!”
Although I didn't feel any pain, an unpleasant feeling of being stimulated in the nerves passed through my entire body alongside the strong paralysis effect. Every time the blade dug into my arm, my HP decreased slowly but steadily.
Still there...? Was the poison's effect still not going away...?”
I gritted my teeth and waited for the moment my body would be freed. The duration of paralysis differed based on the strength of the poison, but most paralyzing poisons wore off in five or so minutes.
Kuradeel pulled out his sword and then stabbed my left leg. The unpleasant feeling of being paralyzed rushed through my entire body once again, and the system calculated the damage mercilessly.
“Well...? How is it...? How does it feel to know that you're going to die soon...? Tell me... would you...?”
Kuradeel said this in an almost whisper as he stared intently at my face.
“Say something squirt... Cry and scream that you don't want to die...”
My HP fell below the halfway line and turned yellow. The paralysis still wasn't gone yet. My whole body grew colder, as if death was enveloping me with freezing air, its chill slowly crawling up from my feet.
I had seen many players die in SAO. They all had the same expression on their faces as they shattered into countless fragments and disappeared; it was always the same simple expression of pondering, one that asked, "Am I really going to just die like this?"
It was most probably because, deep within our hearts, none of us wanted to accept the absolute rule of the game. We simply didn't want to believe that death in the game meant an actual death.
We all held a hopeful speculation, that "Maybe we'll just return to the real world when our HP reaches zero and we disappear." Of course, you had to personally die to find out what would actually happen. If you think about it like that, then death would be one of the ways to escape this game—
“Hey, hey, say something. I'm really killing you here.”
Kuradeel pulled his sword out of my leg and stabbed my stomach this time. My HP decreased significantly and went into the red danger area. But it felt like this didn't concern me, as if it was all happening in another faraway world. Even as I was being tortured by the sword, my mind was embarking down a dark path, as if a heavy and thick cloth was gradually covering it.
But then— a strong fear suddenly clenched my heart.
Asuna. If I disappeared and left her in this world, Asuna would fall into Kuradeel's hands and endure the same pain as me. That possibility formed an unbearable pain which shocked me back into consciousness.
“Kaaaah!!”
I opened my eyes, grabbed the sword that was buried in my stomach, and started pulling it out with all the strength I had. I had only about ten percent of my HP left. Kuradeel then shouted in surprise:
“Huh...? Huh? What's this, you're scared of dying?”
“Yeah... I... can't die yet...”
“Heh!! Hyahaha!! That's more like it!!”
Kuradeel laughed like a freakish bird and put his weight behind the sword. I strained against it with one hand. The system performed a set of complicated calculations based on my and Kuradeel's strength and determined the result.
The final result— the sword started coming down again, slowly but steadily. I was filled with fear and despair.
Was this the end?
Was I going to die? Leaving Asuna in this insane world?
I resisted the gradually closing sword and the despair that reached out from within me.
“Die—!! Diiieeeee—!!”
Kuradeel screamed in a shrill voice.
The killing intent that took the form of a dully shining sword came down centimeter by centimeter. Then finally, the sword tip reached my body— and slowly dug in...
At this moment, a gust of wind blew.
It was a gust of deep red and pure white wind.
“Huh...!?”
With this exclamation of surprise, the murderer and his sword were thrown high into the air. I stared speechlessly at the silhouette of the person who had appeared.
“...I'm not late... I'm not late... Thank God... I'm not late...”
Her trembling voice sounded sweeter than the flapping wings of an angel. Her lips trembled violently as she collapsed onto her knees and looked at me.
“Alive... You're alive, right, Kirito-kun...?”
“...Yeah... I'm still alive...”
My voice sounded so weak that it surprised me. Asuna nodded once and took out a pink crystal from her pouch, then put her left hand on my chest and shouted.
“Heal!”
The crystal broke and my HP bar filled up in an instant. After confirming my recovery, Asuna whispered to me:
“...Wait here. I'll take care of this quickly...”
Asuna then stood up, drew her rapier elegantly, and started walking.
Her target Kuradeel was still preparing to pick himself off the ground. When he saw the person that was walking towards him his eyes grew wide.
“A-Asuna-sama... H-How did you get here...? T-This, is, training, yes, there was an accident in the middle of training...”
Kuradeel bounced back up as if he had springs and attempted to form an excuse with his nervous voice. But before he could finish, Asuna's right hand flashed and the tip of her sword tore Kuradeel's mouth. She didn't become a criminal since her opponent already had an orange cursor.
“Ahh!!”
Kuradeel covered his mouth with his hand, leaned backwards, and froze for a moment. Then, as he righted himself, his eyes were full of a familiar anger.
“You bitch... That went way too far... Heh, well it's fine. I'll just take care of you as well...”
But he stopped mid-sentence; Asuna had started attacking fiercely as soon as she fixed her grip on her sword. Her rapier drew countless lines of light as it slashed and stabbed towards Kuradeel at unbelievable speeds. Even I couldn't see the trajectory of her sword, and I was several levels above her. I just watched as the angel swung her sword almost as if she was dancing.
It was beautiful. Asuna pushed her opponent back expressionlessly, her long chestnut hair flowing while sparks of anger enveloped her entire body; it was indescribably beautiful.
“Ah!! Kaaaa!!”
Kuradeel had already begun panicking, his sword swung about wildly without even landing a scratch on Asuna. As his HP decreased noticeably from the yellow zone to the red danger area, Kuradeel finally threw his sword aside and screamed with both of his arms held up in the air.
“O-Okay!! Okay!! I'm sorry!!”
He then went to his knees and begged.
“I-I'll leave the guild! I won't appear in front of you two ever again!! So—”
Asuna silently listened to his cries.
She raised her sword slowly and reversed her grip. Her thin arm tensed with nervousness, and then went up another couple of centimeters as it prepared to stab through Kuradeel. At that moment the murderer screamed even more loudly.
“Heeeek! I-I don't want to die—!!”
The sword stopped as if it hit an invisible wall. Her thin body began to shake violently.
I could fully feel Asuna's inner conflict, both her fear and her anger.
By what I knew, she had never killed anyone in this game. Since when a player is killed in this world they also die in the real world, PKing in this network game is equivalent to actual murder.
—Yeah. Stop, Asuna. You shouldn't do that.
As I screamed this to myself, I also thought of the complete opposite at the same time.
—No, don't hesitate. That's what he's after.
My prediction became reality 0.1 seconds later.
“Ahahahaha!”
I wasn't sure when Kuradeel had picked his sword back up, but he suddenly swung it upwards with a scream.
Asuna's rapier made a clanging sound and flew out of her right hand.
“Ah...!?”
As Asuna exclaimed and lost her balance, a metallic shine flashed above her head.
“Sub-leader, you're still faaaaaaaaaaaarr too naive!!”
With a shriek filled with madness, Kuradeel swung his sword down without hesitation, drawing a dark red line of light.
“Ahhhhhhh!!”
This time, I was the one who had screamed. I kicked off from the ground with my right foot, which had just recovered from the paralysis, and flew a couple of meters before pushing Asuna aside with my right hand while blocking Kuradeel's sword with my left.
*Thump*.
With this unpleasant sound, my left arm was severed from the elbow down. The body part loss icon flashed below the HP bar. While bloody red lines of light flowed from the cut on my left arm, my right hand straightened its fingers and—
I stabbed my hand into the gap between Kuradeel's thick armor. It glowed yellow as it buried itself deep within Kuradeel's stomach.
I had successfully countered with the point-blank range skill «Embracer», which immediately eliminated the last 20% of Kuradeel's HP. His gaunt body shivered violently beside me, then completely lost all strength and sagged.
As his great sword fell onto the ground and clanged, he whispered into my ear:
“You... murderer...”
He sneered in a "kuku" sound.
Kuradeel's entire body shattered into numerous glass fragments. I was pushed back by the chill force of the dissipating polygons and fell backwards.
For a while, my exhausted, frozen mind registered only the sound of wind blowing.
Then I heard irregular footsteps stepping on the gravel. When I turned my gaze, I could see a fragile looking figure walking towards me with a hollow expression.
Asuna walked shakily towards me with her head lowered, and then collapsed to her knees in front of me like a puppet with its strings cut. Although she reached out towards me with her right hand, she suddenly pulled it back before it could reach me.
“...I'm sorry... Because of me... It's all because of me...”
Asuna forced this out with a shaking voice and a grief-stricken expression. Tears rolled down from her large eyes and fell to the ground like sparkling gems. I barely managed to say something short with my dry throat:
“Asuna...”
“I'm sorry... I... won't... meet Kirito-kun... a...again.”
I exerted myself to right my body back up, which was finally regaining its normal senses. My body was still filled with an unpleasant feeling because of the devastating damage I took, but I hugged Asuna with both my right arm and my crippled left arm. Then, I covered her beautiful, cherry-colored lips with mine.
“...!”
Asuna went rigid and tried to push me away, but I held her small body tightly with all the strength I had. It was without a doubt something that went against the manner violation prevention code. Right now a system message should have appeared in front of Asuna, and if she pressed OK, I would be immediately teleported to the prison area of the Black Iron Castle.
But my arms showed no signs of loosening up. As I left Asuna's lips, I passed her cheeks before burying my face in the curve of her neck. Then I whispered:
“My life belongs to you, Asuna. So I'll use it for you. I'll stay with you until the end.”
I pulled Asuna in closer with the left arm that had the body part loss status imposed on it for three minutes. Asuna took a trembling breath and then whispered in response:
“...I-I'll protect you as well. I'll protect you forever. So...”
She wasn't able to continue talking. So I listened to Asuna's sobbing with our arms held tightly around each other.
The warmth of our bodies began to melt my frozen heart bit by bit.

Chapter 16
Asuna told me that she had been monitoring the map while waiting for me in Grandum.
The moment Godfree's signal disappeared, she ran out of the city and had crossed the five kilometers that took us an hour to cover in just five minutes. When I pointed out that it was a figure which exceeded the dexterity stat limits, she answered with a slight smile:
“It's the power of love.”
After we returned to the guild HQ, we told Heathcliff what happened and asked him if we could temporarily leave the guild. When Asuna explained her reason as "distrust of the guild," Heathcliff thought in silence for a while, but gave us permission nevertheless. Then, he said one last thing with a mysterious smile on his face:
“But you'll return to the battlefield soon enough.”
By the time we left the HQ, it was already evening. We held each others' hands and walked together to the teleport gate plaza.
Neither of us said a word.
As we walked amongst the black shadows of the iron towers and the orange light that came from outside the floating castle, I wondered just where Kuradeel's hate had come from.
There were quite a number of people who enjoyed committing crimes in this world. From thieves and robbers to the cold-blooded murderers of «Laughing Coffin» like Kuradeel; rumors claim that the number of criminal players already exceeded a thousand. People thought of them as natural occurrences like monsters now.
But when I thought about it, I still felt that they were a very strange group. It should be obvious to everyone that harming other players was an act that would undoubtedly hurt the chances of clearing the game. In other words, it meant that they didn't want to leave this game.
Yet after meeting Kuradeel, I didn't think this applied to him. He didn't help or obstruct the clearing of the game; he had merely stopped thinking. Neither reminiscing the past nor looking forward to the future, he simply tried to fulfill his endless desires, which resulted in the growth of his vile intentions—
Then what about me? I couldn't confidently say that I was seriously focused on clearing the game. It would be more accurate to claim that I habitually explored labyrinths only for experience points. If I fought only to strengthen myself, to feel the pleasure of superiority, then somewhere deep down within myself, did I also not want this world to end—?
Suddenly, it felt as if the iron plate beneath my feet had begun to sink. I stopped walking and tightened my grip on Asuna's right hand, which I had been hanging onto.
"...?"
Asuna tilted her head and looked at me. I lowered my head and spoke as if I was talking to myself:
“...No matter what happens... I'll make sure that you... return to that world...”
“...”
This time Asuna tightened her grip.
“When the time comes, we'll go back together.”
She revealed a smile as she finished.

We had arrived at the teleport gate plaza without realizing it. Only a few players were walking about in the area, huddling against the cold wind that foretold the coming of winter.
I turned to look directly at Asuna.
I thought that the warmth which radiated from her strong will was the only light that guided me towards the right direction.
"Asuna... Tonight... I want to be with you..."
I said this without thinking.
I didn't want to be away from her. The close encounter had induced a terrifying fear of death that I had never felt before, one that couldn't be shaken off even now.
I would definitely have nightmares if I slept alone tonight. I would dream of that person's insanity, his sword digging into me, and the feeling of stabbing my right hand into him; I was sure of it.
Asuna stared at me with wide eyes, as if she understood the reason behind my request—
Then, with her cheeks blushing red, she nodded slightly.

Asuna's house in Salemburg, which I was visiting for the second time, was still luxuriously decorated; yet this time it greeted me with a comfortable warmness. The objects that were distributed around the place displayed the owner's outstanding taste. But despite this, Asuna said:
“U-Uwa— it's so messy here. I haven't been back here much these days and...”
With a "hehe" laugh, she smiled sheepishly and quickly cleaned up the scattered items.
“I'll make dinner quickly. Just read the paper or something and wait.”
“Ah, okay.”
I sank into the sofa after watching Asuna remove her battle gear, put on an apron, and disappear into the kitchen. Then I picked up the large newspaper that was on the table. Although we call it a newspaper, it's merely a collection of rumors from those players who traded information. But since this world lacked forms of entertainment, the newspaper became a precious source of media with many subscribers. The paper only had four pages, and I only glanced casually at the first page before tossing it aside out of irritation. This was because the title page headline was the duel between Heathcliff and me.
[New skill Dual Blades user crushed by Holy Sword]
Beneath the headline was a picture of me sprawled out on the ground before Heathcliff, taken through the use of Record Crystals. One could say that I had only added another page to the undefeated legend of Heathcliff.
Well, maybe they would stop bothering me as much if their expectations of my skill drops... I helped myself find an easily acceptable excuse. Then, as I started to look through my inventory list, an enticing aroma wafted out of the kitchen.
The dinner entrée was a steak made out of a cow-like monster's meat and served with Asuna's special soy sauce. Although the ingredients' rank wasn't that high, the flavoring was simply perfect. Asuna watched me with a wide smile as I stuffed the meat into my mouth.
As we sat across from each other on the sofa and drank tea after finishing dinner, Asuna became quite talkative for some reason. She spoke endlessly about topics like which brand of weapons she liked and which floors had famous sightseeing locations.
At first I listened to her with surprise, but then Asuna suddenly fell silent, which caused me to get worried. She sat absolutely still and stared at her teacup as if she was trying to find something. Her expression was extremely serious, almost as if she was preparing for a fight.
“...Hey, what's wrong...”
But before I could finish speaking, Asuna clanked her teacup loudly onto the table, then shot up from her seat and announced:
“...Okay!”
She walked over to the window sill, touched the wall to open the Room Control Menu, and suddenly turned off all the lights. Darkness covered the room immediately; my scan skill's support ability automatically kicked in and replaced my normal sight with night-vision mode.
The room was dyed in a dim blue light, and Asuna was shining white from the lampposts' light which came in from the windows. Although I was confused by her behavior, her beauty still caused me to hold my breath.
Her long hair that seemed dark blue, her slender, white arms and legs that stretched out from under her tunic, they all reflected the weak light and looked like they were glowing.
Asuna silently stood by the window sill for a while. I couldn't see her expression very well because she had lowered her head. She also held her right hand against her chest and seemed to be hesitating about something.
Just as I was about to ask what was going on, Asuna began to move her left hand. Her thumb and forefinger moved through the air, and a menu window appeared with an accompanying sound effect.
In the blue-tinted darkness, Asuna's fingers moved across the glowing purple menu window. It appeared that she was manipulating the left menu, which controlled the player's equipment.
As soon as I thought that, the knee-high stockings that Asuna was wearing disappeared, and the elegant curves of her legs were laid bare before my eyes. Her fingers moved again, and this time her short, one-piece robe was taken off. I couldn't help but open my mouth wide and bulged my eyes until they were round; my mind had fallen into a complete stop.
Asuna was now wearing only her underwear. Small white cloths which barely managed to cover her chest and waist.
“D-Don't look... this way....”
She said, her small voice trembling. But even though she said this, I still couldn't shift my eyes away.
Asuna tried to cover her chest with her hands as she wavered; but after she raised her head and looked straight at me, she lowered her arms gracefully.
I received a shock that felt as if my soul had left my body and could only watch her with a blank expression.
The word "Beautiful" didn't even begin to describe her. Her skin that was tinged with blue light particles was soft and sleek. Her hair seemed as if it was made from the finest silk. Her breasts curved so perfectly that it appeared, ironically, as if no graphic engine in existence could generate it. The curvature of her legs that started at her slim waist made one think of the gracefulness of a wild animal.
It was impossible to believe that her appearance was only a 3D rendered image. If I were to describe it, it was like a sculpture made by God with life blown into it.
The data collected by the Nerve Gear from the calibration step of player registration determined the body tone of the players' avatars. With that in mind, one would call the existence of such a perfect body a miracle.
I kept staring at her almost bare body as if my soul had left my body. If Asuna hadn't covered herself with both arms and opened her mouth to speak, I would have kept standing like that even an hour later.
Asuna's face was so red that I could tell even in the blue-tinted darkness of the room. She lowered her head and spoke:
“K-Kirito-kun, take your clothes off too.... It's em-embarrassing for me to be like this by myself.”
After hearing that, I finally realized the meaning behind Asuna's actions.
In other words, she took what I said— that I wanted to spend the night with her, in a deeper sense than what I meant.
As soon as I understood that, I also fell into an endlessly deep panic. As a result, I committed the worst mistake in my whole life up until now.
“Err... No, you see, I just thought...that it would be good, if we stayed to— together in a room tonight...”
“Eh...?”
As I responded stupidly with my honest thoughts, it was Asuna who froze with her mouth wide open this time. Then, an expression of intense anger and embarrassment spread across her face.
“You... You...”
Her clenched right fist revealed an almost visible killing intent.
“Idiot—!!”
Asuna's fist, which had accelerated to a speed that utilized all of her dexterity stats, was stopped just barely before striking my face by the Crime Prevention Code and released a loud noise and a spray of purple sparks instead.
“A-Ahh—! Wait!! I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Forget what I said!”
I tried to explain while frantically waving my hands about to Asuna, who was about to throw her second punch without paying any attention to me.
“I'm sorry, I was wrong!! Bu...But, anyway, can you... like... actually d-do it...? In SAO...?”
Asuna dropped her attacking stance and was a bit taken aback, although still furious. Then she asked:
“You, you mean you don't know...?”
“No, I don't...”
Then, Asuna's expression changed suddenly from one of anger to one of embarrassment, before she explained in a small voice:
“...That is... In the options menu, all the way on the bottom... there's an option called «Ethic Code Off».”
It was the first time I had ever heard of such a thing. I'm sure this wasn't available during the beta test, nor was it mentioned in the manual. To think that this was another price that I had to pay for playing as a solo player and not having any interest except fighting.
But this information raised a new question that I couldn't help but think about. Since I still hadn't fully recovered my ability to think straight, I unintentionally said it out loud:
“...Have... Have you ever done it before...?”
Once again, Asuna's iron fist erupted in sparks right before my face.
"O-Of course not, you idiot—!! I just heard about it from the other girls in the guild!!"
I hurried to kneel down on the ground before her and apologized endlessly. It took several minutes before I finally managed to calm her down.

A single candle atop the table stayed burning; its thin rays of light made Asuna's skin glow faintly as she slept in my arms. I ran a finger gently down her white back; the warm and smooth feeling that traveled up from my fingertips was absolutely intoxicating.

Asuna slowly opened her eyes and looked towards me. She blinked twice and then smiled.
“Sorry. Did I wake you?”

“Yeah. I had a strange dream. One about the real world...”
She continued to smile as she rubbed her face against my chest.
“In the dream, I wondered if entering Aincrad and meeting you had all been a dream, and I was really afraid. It's a relief... that it wasn't all a dream."
“You're a real strange one. Don't you want to go back?”
“Of course I want to. I want to go back, but I don't want everything that has happened here to disappear. Although... it took us a while... but these two years are precious to me. I'm sure of that now.”
Asuna suddenly switched to a serious expression and grabbed my right hand, which I had placed on her shoulder, then brought it to her chest and hugged it tightly.
“...I'm really sorry, Kirito-kun. I should... I should have resolved it myself...”
I breathed in and then exhaled deeply.
“No... Kuradeel's target, the person who made him that way, was me. It was my fight.”
I nodded slowly while looking into Asuna's eyes.
Tears formed in her hazelnut eyes as Asuna silently pressed her lips against the hand she was holding. I could feel their soft movement.
“I'll also... bear it with you. Every burden that you have, I'll carry them with you. I promise. I'll definitely protect you from now on...”
This was—
The line that I couldn't say even once up until now. Yet in this moment, my lips trembled, and I could hear the sounds unveiling themselves from my throat, from my very soul.
“Me too.”
A very thin voice reverberated across the air.
“I'll protect you too.”
Although these were simple words, I had said them in such a pathetically quiet and unreliable manner. I smiled bitterly as I held up Asuna's hand and said:
“Asuna... You really are strong. You're far stronger than me..."
After hearing that, Asuna blinked several times and then smiled.
"No, I'm not. I usually hide behind other people in the real world. Even this game wasn't something that I bought."
She laughed as if she had just thought of something.
“It was something that my older brother bought, but he had to suddenly leave for business; so I got to play with it on the game's opening day. He was really disappointed about that. He must be really angry now that I've occupied it for two years.”
I thought that Asuna was even unluckier to have come here in his stead, but I just nodded.
“...You'd better get back quickly and apologize.”
“Yeah... I'll have to try harder...”
But Asuna trailed off weakly as she said this, casting her eyes downward as if she was afraid of something and then moving her entire body closer to me.
“Umm... Kirito-kun, I know this is contradicting what I just said... but can we leave the front-lines for a bit?”
“Hmm...?”
“I'm scared somehow... We finally managed to convey our feelings, so I feel like something bad will happen again if we go to the front-lines straight away... Maybe I'm just a little tired.”
I brushed Asuna's hair back silently and nodded so meekly that I surprised even myself.
“Yeah, you're right... I'm, a bit tired too...”
Even if the numbers didn't change, the battles that we fought day after day accumulated plenty of fatigue that couldn't be seen. That's especially the case for situations as extreme as today's. Even a strong bow will break if one pulled on it excessively. We definitely needed a break.
I felt the impulse that drove me to fight relentlessly drift further away. Right now, I only wanted to deepen the bond between the two of us.
I wrapped my arms around Asuna, then buried my face in her silky hair and spoke:
"On the northwestern part of the 22nd floor, amongst the forests and lakes... there's a small village. It's a good place with no monsters. They sell a few cottages there. The two of us can move there together... and then... "
Asuna looked at me as I stopped talking.
“Then...?”
I managed to move my frozen tongue and kept talking.
"...Let's, let's get married."
The perfect smile that Asuna showed me that moment, I would never forget it for the rest of my life.
“Okay...”
She nodded slightly as a large teardrop ran down her red cheeks.

Chapter 17
There were four types of relationships that two players could have within the SAO system.
First was two people who didn't really know each other. The second was friends. People who had listed each other as friends could send short messages to each other no matter where they were. They could also search for each other's locations by map.
The third was guild comrades. Apart from the above benefits, they also gained a slight increase in their stats when they partied with members of the same guild. However, they had to give up a bit of the Col they earned as a sort of tax to the guild.
Up until now, Asuna and I were friends and members of the same guild, despite the fact that we were taking a break from the guild. But we had decided to enter the last type of relationship.
Marriage— although getting married was very simple. Once one person sent the proposal message and the other person accepted it, then they were married. But the difference between marriage and friends or guild members was incomparably different.
Marriage in SAO meant the sharing of all information and items. One could see the other's stat window at will, and even their inventory windows had fused into one. In others words, it was entrusting one's most important safety nets to their partners. In Aincrad, where betrayals and fraud were common, few went as far as marriage even amongst the closest couples. Of course, another important reason was because of the extremely unbalanced male-female ratio.

The 22nd floor was one of the most sparsely populated areas in Aincrad. Since it was one of the lower floors, it was especially large; but most of it was taken up by the forests and the numerous lakes that were scattered around the area; therefore, the living area was so small that it could be called a hamlet. Monsters seldom appeared on the field, and since the difficulty level of the labyrinth was exceptionally low, the level was cleared in three days and most players didn't remember much of it.
Asuna and I decided to buy a small, round cottage within the woods on the 22nd floor to live in. Even though it was small, it still cost a considerable amount of money to buy a house within SAO. Asuna offered to sell her house in Salemburg, but I was strongly against it, because selling such a perfectly furnished house would be far too regrettable. So in the end, we gathered all of our rare items and sold them with the help of Agil, which managed to provide just enough money to buy the house.
Although Agil said with a sad expression that we could use the second floor of his shop if we wanted, I thought that spending a newly-wed life within a merchant shop was far too tragic. Furthermore, I didn't even want to imagine what would happen once the fact that the all-famous Asuna had gotten married became known. I thought that we should be able to spend our days peacefully on the sparsely populated 22nd floor.
“Uwa— What a beautiful view!”
Asuna leaned forward, out of the window in our bedroom; although it was called the bedroom, there were only two rooms in the entire house.
The scenery outside really was breathtaking. This was near the edge of Aincrad, so one could see the glittering lakes, the green forest, and the wide-open skies all at once. Because we usually lived with a stone ceiling about one hundred meters above us, the open skies gave us an inexplicable feeling of freedom.
“Just don't fall off while you're looking at the scenery.”
I stopped organizing the household items and wrapped my arms around Asuna. This woman was now my wife— as I thought that, the warmth of bright sunlight in the winter, the marvelous feeling of wonder, as well as the surprise of how far we had gone all rushed me at once.
Until I became trapped in this game, I was just a kid who went to school and then back home without any goal in life. But now, the real world had become a faraway past.
If— If this game was cleared, we would be able to return to the real world... that was what all the players, including Asuna and I, wished for. But I couldn't help feeling anxious whenever I thought about it. I unconsciously began to apply strength to my arms that were around Asuna.
“It hurts, Kirito-kun... Is something wrong...?”
“S-Sorry... Hey, Asuna...”
For a moment I stopped talking, but I had to finish asking.
“...Our relationship, is it only in-game...? Is it going to disappear once we return to the other world...?”
“I'm going to be angry, Kirito-kun.”
Asuna turned around and looked at me with her eyes full of emotion.
“Even if this was just a normal game rather than this strange situation, I still wouldn't like another person so casually.”
She squeezed my cheeks with both her hands, and then said:
"I learned something here, and that was to keep trying and never give up. If we make it back to the real world, I'll definitely come find Kirito-kun again, and I'll still like you."
How many times have I marveled at Asuna's honest and strong heart? Or maybe mine was just too weak.
But even if I was the weak one, it was still all right. I had forgotten for such a long time how comfortable it was to depend on someone else and have them depend on me. I didn't know how long we would be able to stay here, but at least we were away from the battlefield during this period of time—
I let my thoughts wander and concentrated my feelings on the softness and the sweet smell that filled my arms.

Chapter 18
The float attached to the fishing line hadn't moved even once. Drowsiness invaded my consciousness as I watched the dancing sunlight reflected off the sparkling water ripples of the lake.
I made a huge yawn and pulled up the fishing line. Only an empty silver hook on the end shined in the light; the bait that I had put on it was gone.
Over ten days had passed since we moved to the 22nd floor. In order to gather food each day, I had erased my two-handed sword skill, which I trained briefly in a long time ago, and exchanged it for the fishing skill. I began to imitate Taikoubou [1] in fishing. But for some reason, I just couldn't catch anything. The training score had just passed 600, so I didn't expect any big catches, but I thought that I should have at least caught something by now. Instead, I simply spent day after day wasting the cases of bait that I bought in the village.
"Gah, this is so annoying..."
I muttered my complaints, tossed the fishing tackle aside, and then threw myself onto the ground. The wind that rushed over the water was icy cold, but the overcoat that Asuna had made me with her sewing skills kept me warm. Asuna was still in the middle of training that skill, thus the coat wasn't as good as clothing from the NPC stores. But since it was useable and kept me warm, there weren't any problems.
It was now «The month of the Cypress» in Aincrad, which meant it was November back in Japan. Although it was almost winter, fishing in SAO didn't have anything to do with seasons. Maybe it was simply because I had used up all my luck on getting my beautiful wife.
As my thoughts reached this, my entire being was filled with happiness, and a wide smile spread across my face. Then suddenly, a voice reached my ears.
"How did you do?"
I leapt up in surprise and saw a man standing there as I turned around.
He was wrapped in thick clothing, including a hat with ear flaps, and had fishing tackle in his hands just like me. But the surprising part was his age. No matter how I looked at it, he seemed at least fifty years old. The eyes behind metal framed glasses showed the age of a senior. Amongst the hardcore game addicts of SAO, it was extremely rare to see someone so old. Actually, I had never even seen one before. Maybe—?
“I'm not an NPC.”
He smiled bitterly as if he had read my thoughts, and then slowly descended down the slope.
“S-Sorry. I was just wondering...”
“No, it's fine. It's understandable. I'm most probably the oldest player here.”
His healthy body rocked as he gave a hearty "Wa-ha-ha" laugh.
“Excuse me.”
He said as he sat down next to me. He took out a bait case from his hip, then awkwardly opened a pop-up menu, retrieved his fishing rod, and put the bait on it.
“My name is Nishida. I'm a fisherman here. In Japan, I worked as the head of maintenance for a company called the Tohto Broadband Connection. I'm sorry but I don't have my business cards with me.”
He laughed again.
“Ah...”
I could mostly guess the reason for why he was in this game. Tohto was a network operator company that had been cooperating with Argus. They were responsible for taking care of the network that linked to the SAO servers.
“I'm Kirito. I moved here from the upper levels a while ago. Nishida oji-san... must have been... maintaining the SAO network connection...?”
“I was in charge of it.”
Nishida said as he nodded. I looked at him with a complicated feeling. This meant that the man had become entangled in everything here because of his job.
"Haha, my superiors said there was no need to log on, but I can't be fully at ease until I see my work with my own eyes, and because of an old man's worries, I became like this."
He swung his rod with an amazingly smooth motion as he said this, and one could tell that he had the professional mastery of a skilled fisherman. He also seemed to like talking, as he kept on going without waiting for a response from me:
"Other than me, there are around twenty to thirty other old men who ended up here due to various reasons. Most of them are living safely in Starting City, but I enjoy this far more than simply eating three meals a day."
He lifted his fishing rod a little.
"I searched endlessly for good rivers and lakes, and finally came up all the way to a place like this."
“Oh, really... Well, there are almost no monsters on this floor.”
Nishida just smiled at what I said without answering. Then he asked me:
“Well, are there any good spots on the upper floors?”
He asked.
“Hmmm... Well, the 61st floor was entirely a lake, well, more like a sea, and they say one could catch huge fish there.”
“Ohh! I better go there sometime.”
At this time, the float of his fishing rod began to quickly sink. Nishida wasted no time in pulling it in. It seemed that his fishing skill level was pretty high, as well as his actual ability to fish.
“Woah, it's huge!”
As I strained to lean forward, Nishida calmly reeled in the fishing line and quickly pulled up the shimmering blue fish. The fish flapped in his hands a few times and then vanished into his inventory.
“Amazing...!”
Nishida gave an embarrassed smile as he raised his head to reply:
“It's nothing. All you need to do here is raise your fishing skill.”
Then he added while scratching his head:
“But, even if I can catch them, I still didn't know how to cook them properly... I wanted to eat sashimi or grilled fish, but I can't do anything without soy sauce.”
“Ah... Yeah...”
I hesitated for a moment. We had moved here to avoid other people, but I figured that this person wouldn't really be interested in rumors and gossips.
“...I know of something that tasted a lot like soy sauce...”
“What!?”
Nishida leaned closer with his eyes shining behind his glasses.

As Asuna greeted my return and saw Nishida, her eyes went wide with surprise, but then she smiled and said:
“Welcome back. A guest?”
“Yeah, this is Nishida oji-san, a fisherman. And—”
My voice trailed off as I turned towards Nishida and was unsure of how to introduce Asuna. Then, Asuna smiled at the old fisherman and introduced herself:
“I'm his wife, Asuna. Welcome to our home.”
She nodded confidently.
Nishida was staring at Asuna with his mouth open. Asuna was dressed in a plain long skirt, a hemp shirt with an apron, and a headscarf on top. She looked very different from the imposing warrior image of her as a KoB member, but her beauty didn't change.
After blinking several times, Nishida finally came to his senses and said:
“Ah, ahh, I apologize. I was mesmerized for a moment. I'm Nishida. Sorry for intruding upon you like this...”
He scratched his head and laughed.
Asuna applied all of her impressive cooking skills on the huge fish that Nishida had caught, and brought it onto the table after turning it into sashimi and grilled fish with soy sauce as a seasoning. As the aroma of the handmade soy sauce wafted through the house, Nishida widened his nostrils with a look of delight on his face.
It tasted more like a yellowtail with just the right amount of oil rather than a freshwater fish. According to Nishida, you needed to have at least 950 points in fishing to be able to catch it. After a brief conversation, the three of us focused on eating with our chopsticks.
The plates were empty within the blink of an eye, and Nishida sighed with an expression of bliss as he held a cup of hot tea in his hands.
“...Ah, that was very satisfying. Thank you. To think that soy sauce actually exists in this world...”
“Oh, it's handmade. You can take some back with you if you like it.”
Asuna retrieved a small bottle from the kitchen and handed it over to Nishida. I thought that it was a good idea not to tell him the recipe. Asuna then smiled and said to the grateful Nishida:
"Don't worry about it; you also brought us such a good fish."
She then continued:
“Kirito-kun never caught anything.”
At this sudden attack, I simply sipped on my tea in silence before responding:
“The lakes in this area are all too hard.”
“No, not really. It's only the lake that Kirito-san was fishing in.”
“Eh...”
What Nishida said made me fall speechless. Asuna grabbed her stomach and began to laugh without stop.
“Why did they set it like that...?”
“Well actually, in that lake...”
Nishida lowered his voice before continuing, so Asuna and I leaned forward.
“I think the local god lives there.”
“Local god?”
As Asuna and I echoed each other, Nishida smiled, pushed back his glasses, and then kept talking:
“In the village item shop, there is one bait that's much more expensive than the others. I was curious about its capabilities, so I decided to buy it once to try out.”
I swallowed instinctively.
“But I couldn't catch anything with that bait. After trying it out in various locations, I finally thought of taking a shot at that high-difficulty lake.”
“Did, did you catch something...?”
“Well, something took the bait.”
Nishida nodded deeply, and then his expression became one of regret:
“But I couldn't pull it out with my strength and ended up losing my fishing rod to it. I only managed to see its shadow during the last moments. It wasn't just huge; one could call it a monster, but in a different sense from the ones that appeared in the fields.”
He spread his arms wide apart. This was probably the reason behind his meaningful smile when I said, "There are almost no monsters on this floor."
“Uwa, I want to see it!”
Asuna exclaimed as her eyes sparkled. Then, Nishida caught my gaze and said:
“So I have a proposal— Do you have confidence in your strength stats Kirito-san...?”
“Well, it should be alright...”
“Then how about we fish for it together?! I'll hold it until it bites and then leave the rest to you.”
“Hmm, so we'll «Switch» while fishing... Would that be possible...?”
I tilted my head to the side.
“Let's try it, Kirito-kun! It sounds interesting!”
Asuna said this with "excitement" written all over her face. But, it was true that I was also quite interested.
“Then let's have a go at it.”
As I answered, a smile spread across Nishida's face.
"That's the spirit, wa-ha-ha."

That night.
After exclaiming, "Coldcold," Asuna crawled into the bed, then pushed her body against mine and made a sound of satisfaction. She blinked sleepily and then smiled as if she had just thought of something.
“...There are so many different people here.”
“He was interesting, wasn't he?”
“Yeah.”
Asuna then suddenly removed her smile and muttered:
“Up until now, I had only fought on the upper floors. I had completely forgotten that there were people who lived normal lives...”
“I don't mean that we're special; but since we're on a high enough level to fight on the front-lines, I suppose it also means that we have an obligation to them.”
“...I had never thought about it like that... I always felt that becoming stronger was just a way to survive.”
“I think that a lot of people are going to be counting on you from now on. Of course, that includes me.”
“...Except, with my personality, hearing these kind of expectations only makes me want to run away.”
“Oh you.”
As Asuna pouted in dissatisfaction, I stroked her hair and hoped for this life to continue for a while longer. For Nishida and the other players, we have to return to the front-lines at some point. But at least for now—
Based on the messages that Agil and Klein had sent me, I knew that they were having a hard time trying to clear the 75th floor. However, I believed from the bottom of my heart, that the most important thing to me right now was this life with Asuna.

Chapter 19
Three days later, Nishida informed us in the morning that he was going to fish for the local god. Around thirty people would be there to watch, as it seemed that he had told his fishermen friends about this.
"This is troublesome. Asuna... What should we do?"
"Hm~mmm..."
To tell the truth, we weren't all that happy about this. We had come here to hide from the gossipers and Asuna's fans, so we were a little hesitant about appearing before so many people.
"How about this?!"
Asuna gathered her hair and pushed it up. Then she covered her face up to her eyes with a huge scarf. She didn't stop there and pressed some buttons on her menu window to put on a plain overcoat.
"Y-Yeah. Pretty good. You look like a proper farmer's wife."
"...Is that, a compliment?"
"Of course. In my case, they're not going to recognize me as long as I don't equip battle gear."

Before the sun even rose, I walked out of the house with Asuna, who was carrying our picnic basket. She could have just called it out when we got there, but she insisted that it was part of the disguise.
Today was warm for an early winter day. After walking through the forest of huge pine trees for a while, we could finally see the sparkling water between the trunks. A lot of people had already gathered there. As I approached nervously, a familiar stout figure waved to us as he laughed.
"Wa-ha-ha, it's a relief that we have such great weather today!"
"Hello, Nishida oji-san."
Asuna and I nodded our heads. He told us that the assembly of people here from various age groups were all members of a fishing guild that Nishida ran. We greeted everyone nervously, but it seemed nobody recognized Asuna.
Putting that aside, Nishida oji-san was far more active than I imagined. He must have been a good team leader within his company. The atmosphere was already spirited, as the group had been holding a fishing competition before our arrival.
"Eh~ so, today's main event will finally be starting!"
Nishida loudly announced this as he walked towards us with a long fishing rod in his hand, and the spectators cheered in excitement. I looked at the fishing rod he was carrying, my eyes tracing down the pole without much thought before the item at its end surprised me.
It was a lizard, an abnormally large one at that. It was as long as an adult's forearm. Its poisonous-looking red and black skin shone as if to emphasize its freshness.
"Hiiiii—"
Asuna noticed it even later than I did, and her expression froze as she took several steps back from it. If this was the bait, then what we were trying to catch must be unbelievable.
But before I had any time to ask, Nishida turned towards the lake and raised his fishing rod. With a short shout, he swung it in an impressive form, and the huge lizard drew an arc in midair before falling into the water with a large splash.
Fishing required almost no waiting time within SAO. Once you put the bait in the water, either a fish took the bite within a few dozen seconds, or you lost the bait. We swallowed involuntarily as we watched as the line sank into the water.
After just a few moments, the fishing rod twitched several times. But Nishida didn't even move an inch.
"It's, it's here Nishida-san!"
"It's still too early!"
Behind Nishida's glasses, the two eyes that usually belonged to a good-natured grandfather were shining with light. Nishida continued to watch the end of the rod without moving as it twitched.
Then the rod jerked harder.
"Now!"
Nishida strained his small body backwards and pulled the rod using his whole body. I could tell the rope was really tight just by looking at it, which also gave off a twanging sound effect.
"It took the bait!! I'll entrust the rest to you!!"
I cautiously pulled the rod that Nishida had handed over, but it didn't even budge one bit. It felt as if the fish hook had caught onto something embedded into the ground. I looked back at Nishida, worried if the fish had really bitten, and then within the blink of an eye—
The rope started pulling into the water with a burst of power.
"Ahhh!"
I quickly dug my feet into the ground and pulled it up again. The strength-applied gauge quickly went past the normal mode.
"I-Is it okay to strain this?"
I asked Nishida as I worried about the durability of the fishing pole.
"It's of the highest quality! You can pull on it all you want!"
Nishida nodded, his face already red from excitement. I corrected my grip on the rod and then pulled with all my strength. The fishing rod bent around the middle and became a huge U.
As each player levels up, they can choose to raise either strength or dexterity. Axe-users such as Agil would opt for strength, while rapier-users like Asuna would focus on their dexterity. Although I was a normal sword user and raised both of them, my personal preferences prioritized dexterity somewhat more than strength.
But I seemed to be winning this tug of war, most probably because my level itself was so high. I slowly stepped backwards, steadily forcing the huge thing out of the water.
"Ah, I can see it!!"
Asuna leaned over the water and pointed to it. I was leaning backwards and further away from the lake so I couldn't check. The spectators got louder and rushed forward to look into the water, which quickly deepened as it left the shore. I couldn't suppress my curiosity and focused all of my strength to tug at the fishing rod.
"...?"
Suddenly, something startled all the spectators that had been leaning over the water. Each one of them took a few steps back.
"What's wrong...?"
Before I even finished talking, they all turned around and ran away. Even Asuna and Nishida ran past me from either side with white faces. I was about to look back towards them when— the weight lifted from my hands and I fell down on my backside.
Ah, did the rope snap!?
As I thought that, I threw the rod away and ran towards the lake. At that moment, the glittering water surface of the lake suddenly surged upwards.
"Eh—!?"
I froze on the spot with my eyes wide open, and at this moment I heard Asuna's faraway voice:
"Kirito-ku——n, it's dangerous——!!!"
When I turned around, I saw Asuna, Nishida, and everyone else had already gotten up the embankment that rose from the edge of the lake, which was quite far away from me. I could hear the water splashing loudly behind me as I finally began to understand the situation. Then, with a feeling of uneasiness, I turned back around.
The fish was standing.
To be more precise, the creature was like a Coelacanth [2], a cross between fish and reptiles, except this one leaned more towards the reptile side. It stood there on the grass with its six powerful legs and looked down upon me as water streamed off it like waterfalls.
I said "looked down" because this thing was at least two meters tall. Its mouth, which seemed like it could swallow a cow whole, was positioned just a bit higher than my head with a familiar looking lizard leg sticking out of it.
From either side of this ancient colossal fish's head, two basketball-sized eyes met with those of my own. A yellow cursor appeared automatically to mark it as a monster.
Nishida had told us that the local god of this lake was a monster in a different sense from those that appeared in the fields.
How was it different? This thing was a monster in every sense of the word.
I forced a smile and took a couple of steps backwards. Then I turned around and scrambled off. The huge fish behind me gave a thunderous roar and then started following me with steps that shook the ground.
I pushed my dexterity stats to the limit and ran as if I was flying. I reached Asuna within a few seconds and complained loudly:
"Th-Th-That was unfair! Running away by yourself!!"
"Uwa, thisisn'tthetimetobesayingthatKirito-kun!"
I turned around and saw the huge fish running towards us with an impressive speed despite its sheer size.
"Ooh, it's running on the ground... So it's a dipnoan[3]...?"
"Kirito-san, this isn't the time to be saying pointless things like that!! We should run away quickly!!"
This time it was Nishida who shouted in fear. The dozens of spectators were in a state of shock from the situation, and quite a few of them were sitting on the ground with blank expressions.
"Kirito-kun, did you bring your weapons?"
Asuna said as she brought her head right next to mine. Yeah, it would be pretty hard to get everybody ordered enough to escape in this sort of situation—
"Sorry, I didn't..."
"Oh well, I don't have any choice then..."
Asuna shook her head as she turned to face the huge fish that was nearing us. She quickly manipulated the menu with a sure hand.
As Nishida and the other spectators watched with surprise, Asuna took off her overcoat and scarf with her back to us. Her chestnut hair danced wildly in the wind as it reflected the sunlight.
Although she wore only a grass-colored long skirt and a shirt of hemp cloth, a rapier shone at the left side of her hip like a mirror. She drew it with her right hand, and the sword gave a clear ringing noise as she waited resolutely for the huge fish to come.
Nishida, who was standing beside me, finally got back to his senses and shook my arm while shouting:
"Kirito-san! Your, your wife is in danger!!"
"No, we can just let her handle this."
"What are you saying!? I-If that's what you're going to say, then I'll..."
He snatched a fishing rod from a nearby companion and prepared to rush to Asuna with a tragic expression on his face. I had to quickly stop this old fisherman.
The gigantic fish didn't slow down one bit. It opened its huge mouth, which was lined with countless sharp teeth, and threw its entire body at Asuna as if trying to swallow her whole. Asuna turned the left side of her body away from the fish while her right hand flew out with a silver-white light streaming behind it.
A blinding flash of light erupted from the fish's mouth with an explosive sound effect. The fish was thrown high into the air, but Asuna hadn't even moved from her spot.
Although the sheer size of the monster induced fear, I had guessed that its level couldn't be very high. There was no way that a monster from such a low floor, especially one from a fishing-related event, could be that strong. After all, SAO was a game that kept to the normal pattern of online games.
The fish fell onto the ground with a crash, its HP greatly reduced by Asuna's attack. Then, Asuna mercilessly launched into a chain of consecutive attacks worthy of her title «Flash».
Nishida and the other spectators watched wordlessly as Asuna activated one skill after another while she stepped gracefully as if dancing. Was it Asuna's beauty or her strength that mesmerized them? I thought that it was probably both.
As Asuna swung her sword with a presence that overwhelmed everything around her, she saw that her opponent's HP had gone into the red zone and jumped back to widen the distance between them. After landing, she went straight into a charge attack. She dashed towards the fish, leaving a trail of light behind her as if she was a comet. It was one of the highest level rapier skills: «Flashing Penetrator».
With a sound effect similar to a sonic boom, the comet penetrated the fish from its mouth to its tail. As Asuna skidded to a stop, the huge monster behind her fragmented into numerous bits of light and scattered. There was a loud smashing sound which created a huge ripple on the lake's surface.
Asuna sheathed her rapier with a *clink* and walked nonchalantly over to us. Nishida and the other fishermen were left with their mouths gaping wide open, unable to even move.
"Hey, good job."
"It's not fair, making me fight by myself. You're buying lunch next time."
"Our money is shared data now."
"Oh, right..."
As Asuna and I went on with our relaxed conversation, Nishida finally managed to blink and open his mouth.
"...Ah, that was surprising... Madam, you, you're really strong. This might be a bit rude, but how high is your level...?"
Asuna and I looked at each other. Staying on this topic for too long might be dangerous for us.
"Be-Before that, look, the fish dropped an item."
Asuna pressed a couple of things on the window and a silver fishing rod appeared in her hands. Since an event monster had dropped it, it was most likely an unsellable rare item.
"Oh, ooh, this is!?"
Nishida received the fishing rod with sparkling eyes. All the spectators became interested in this as well. Just as I thought that we had managed to safely avert this crisis...
"Are...Are you Asuna from the Knights of the Blood...?"
A young player took several steps closer to Asuna and stared intently at her face. Then his face brightened.
"Yeah, you are! I've even got a picture!!"
"Ah..."
Asuna forced a smile and took a few steps back. The spectators then doubled their excitement.
"It's, it's an honor! To be able to see Asuna-san fighting so close up... Oh yeah! Can, can you give me an autogra..."
The young man suddenly stopped talking and then shifted his gaze between Asuna and me a few times. He finally muttered with a surprised expression:
"Are...Are you two... married...?"
It was now my turn to force a smile. As both of us stood there with unnatural smiles plastered on, shouts of anguish rose up all around us. Only Nishida continued to blink without any idea of what was going on.
Our secret honeymoon ended like this after only two weeks. But maybe we should consider ourselves lucky to take part in such a fun event at the end.
That night, we received a message from Heathcliff, requesting us to take part in fighting the 75th floor boss.

The next morning.
As I sat on the edge of the bed and stared at the ground, Asuna, who had finished getting ready, walked over to me while the iron soles of her boots clanked against the ground.
"Hey, you can't be like this forever."
"But it's only been two weeks."
I replied childishly and raised my head. But I couldn't deny that looking at Asuna in her white-red knight uniform for the first time in a while was very attractive.
Seeing as we had temporarily left the guild, we could decline the request. But the last line of the message, that "some people had already died," laid heavily on our minds.
"Well, we should at least go listen to what's going on. Come on, it's already time!"
As she tapped me on the back, I finally stood up with reluctance and opened the equipment screen. Since we weren't part of the guild right now, I put on my familiar black leather coat and a minimalistic set of armor, then slung my two swords onto my back with the scabbards crossing each other. The heavy weight on my back felt like they were complaining about being left in the inventory for so long. With a quick movement, I drew them slightly and then sheathed them again; a high and clear metallic sound rang through the room.
"Yeah. This appearance suits you best."
Asuna smiled and hung onto my right arm. I looked back and bade farewell to our new home, which we were going to be away from for a while.
"...Let's get this over with quickly and then come back."
"Yeah!"
We looked at each other and nodded. Then we opened the door and stepped outside into the cold winter air.
At the gate plaza of the 22nd floor, we found Nishida waiting for us with a fishing rod in his hand. We had told only him the time when we were going to leave.
"Could we talk for a bit?"
I nodded to Nishida's request, and the three of us sat down next to each other on a bench in the plaza. Nishida started talking slowly as he stared up towards the upper floors.
"To tell the truth... until today, stories about how people were fighting to clear the game on the upper floors sounded like they came from another world... Perhaps I had already given up on the thought of leaving this place."
Asuna and I listened to him silently.
"I think you already know this, but the IT industry progresses almost daily. I had started this career when I was young, so I was able to keep up with the industry back then. But now I had been out of the field for about two years, I figured it would be impossible for me to catch up now. Since I don't know whether I could return to my old job or not, or if I would be treated as a hindrance and simply tossed away, I thought that it would be better for me to keep fishing here—
He stopped talking and formed a smile on his old, wrinkled face. I didn't know what to say. I suppose I couldn't even imagine all the things he lost when he became imprisoned in SAO.
"I also—"
Asuna suddenly started talking.
"Until half a year ago, I also thought about those sorts of things and cried by myself every night. As each day passed here, it felt as if everything: my friends, my family, going to college, everything related to the real world was being ruined. I always dreamed of the other world when I slept... I thought that all I could do was to get stronger quickly, to clear this game faster, and the only way to do so was to fanatically train my weapon skills."
I looked at Asuna in surprise. Although I never paid much attention to others before... but I never felt anything like this from her during all our interactions. Well, this wouldn't be the first time that I had guessed someone's personality wrong...
Asuna caught my gaze and smiled briefly before continuing:
"But on a day about half a year ago, after I had just teleported to the city on the front-lines, I saw someone taking a nap on the grass of the plaza. He looked as if he was at a pretty high level, so I got angry and said, 'If you have time to kill here, go into the dungeon and try to clear some more of it...!'"
Then she covered her mouth with her hand and laughed.
"Then that person unexpectedly replied, 'It's the best season in Aincrad, and the weather setting is really good too. It would be a shame to go into the dungeon on a day like this.' Then he gestured to the space next to him and said, 'Why don't you take a nap as well?' He was so rude."
Asuna stopped smiling; her eyes became distant before she continued:
"But what he said surprised me. I realized that 'this person was actually living properly within this world.' He didn't mind losing days in the real world and instead focused on experiencing each day within this world. I discovered that there were actually people like this, so I sent away the other guild members and tried laying down next to him. Because the wind felt so good... just the right warmth for people, I fell asleep. I didn't have any nightmares that time. It was probably the first time I had such a good sleep since coming to this world. By the time I woke up, it was already in the afternoon, and that person was looking at me impatiently. That person was him..."
As she finished, Asuna tightly grasped my hand. I felt extremely embarrassed. I did sort of remember something like that, but...
"Sorry, Asuna... I didn't mean anything that deep by it; I just wanted to take a nap..."
"I knew that even if you didn't tell me!"
Asuna pouted, then she turned back towards Nishida with a smiling face before continuing:
"From that day on... I went to sleep thinking of him, and as a result the nightmares went away. I found out where his hometown was and would set aside some time to go see him every once in a while... Then I began to look forward to the coming of each day... When I realized that I was in love, I was so happy and swore to treasure this emotion. That was the first time when I thought that coming to this world was a great thing..."
Asuna lowered her head, rubbing her eyes with her gloved hands, and then took a deep breath.
"Kirito-kun is the meaning behind the two years of my life spent here. He is also the proof that I'm alive and the reason for looking forward to tomorrow. I had put on the Nerve Gear and come to this world in order to meet him. Nishida oji-san... It might not be my place to say this, but I think you've definitely achieved something within this world. There is no doubt that this is a virtual world, that everything we see and touch is an imitation created from data. But to us, our hearts do exist within this reality. If that's true, then everything we're experiencing here should also be true."
Nishida blinked continuously and nodded several times. His eyes were moist behind his glasses. I was also trying my best to hold back my tears.
It was me, I thought. I was the one who was saved when I couldn't find the reason for being alive, whether when I was in the real world or after I came to this one.
"...Yes. Yes, you're right..."
Nishida looked up at the sky again and spoke.
"What I have heard here is also a priceless experience. Having caught a five meter fish is also one... It seems that my life here hasn't been meaningless. It was not meaningless at all."
Nishida nodded once and then stood up.
"Ah, it seems that I've taken up too much of your time. I firmly believe that if people like you are fighting to free us, then we should all be able to return to the real world soon... Although there's nothing that I can do to help, I could at least encourage you and cheer you on."
Nishida held our hands and shook them.
"We'll come back. Please keep us company when we do."
As I promised with my index finger, Nishida nodded with a huge smile as tears streamed down his face.
We firmly shook hands with Nishida and then walked over to the teleport gate. As we entered the space that shimmered like an illusion, Asuna and I looked at each other and then opened our mouths at the same time:
"Teleport— Grandum!"
The blue light that started to cover our vision erased the image of Nishida as he kept waving at us.

Chapter 20
“The scouting party was wiped out—!?”
We were greeted with this shocking news when we returned to the KoB headquarters in Grandum for the first time in two weeks.
We were currently on one of the higher floors of the iron tower which served as the headquarters and inside the conference room with the huge window where we had talked with Heathcliff last time. Heathcliff sat at the center of the huge semi-circular table, dressed in his usual long robes. The other leaders of the guild sat on either side of him, except this time Godfree wasn't present.
Heathcliff clasped the bony fingers of his hands together in front of his face and nodded slowly with a deep frown.
“It happened yesterday. Mapping the 75th floor labyrinth took quite a long time, but we were able to finish it without any casualties. Although I had expected that we would have a hard time defeating the boss...”
I did have a feeling that something like this might happen. The reason was that, of all the labyrinth bosses, only the ones from the 25th and 50th floors were extraordinarily large and powerful, which resulted in heavy losses from both of those fights.
The fight against the two-headed giant on the 25th floor virtually annihilated the elite troops of «The Army», which was the main cause of their decline as an organization. When the six-armed monster, which looked like a metallic statue of Buddha, launched a fierce assault during the 50th floor battle, numerous players had been frightened into teleporting away without permission and nearly caused the front-line to collapse. If the reinforcements had been even a little late, we would have faced another total wipeout. As a matter of fact, the person who had held the line by himself during that battle until support arrived was right in front of me.
If an exceptionally strong boss awaited at every twentyfifth level, then it was very likely that this boss would be the same.
“...So, I sent a scouting party of twenty men consisting of members from five different guilds.”
Heathcliff continued in a monotone. Since his eyes were currently half-open, it was impossible to discern his emotions behind those copper-colored eyes.
“They had scouted with utmost care. Ten of them had stayed outside the boss room as reserves... but when the first ten entered and reached the center of the room, the gates closed just as the boss appeared. According to the reports of the ten who waited outside, the doors stayed closed for over five minutes, and nothing they did, including lockpicking or bashing the door, had any effect. By the time the door had finally opened—”
The edge of Heathcliff's mouth became tense. He closed his eyes for a moment and then continued.
“There was nobody in the room. The boss and the ten men had all disappeared. There was no sign of teleportation. They didn't return... and I sent somebody to check the death list on the metallic monument inside Black Iron Castle for confirmation...”
He didn't say the next part aloud and simply shook his head. Next to me, Asuna held her breath and then managed to force out in a small voice:
“Ten... people... How did this happen...?”
“An anti-crystal field...?”
Heathcliff nodded briefly to my question.
“That's the only explanation. According to Asuna-kun's report, the 74th floor was the same, so it's highly probable that every boss room from now on would all have anti-crystal fields.”
“Damn it...”
I cursed. If emergency escape was impossible, the chances of people dying due to unexpected circumstances were drastically increased. We won't produce any casualties— that was the most important guideline to follow while clearing the game. But it was impossible to clear it unless we defeated the bosses...
“It's become more and more like a true game of death...”
“However, we can't give up on clearing this game just because of this...”
Heathcliff closed his eyes and then spoke in a quiet but determined voice:
“In addition to the anti-crystal field, the room also blocked the exit as soon as the boss appeared. Since this is the case, we can only attack it with the largest team of players that we can command and coordinate. I originally didn't want to call you two back since you had just gotten married, but I hope you can understand our dilemma.”
I answered with a shrug.
“We'll help. But I will be putting Asuna's safety as my top priority. If a dangerous situation arises, I will be putting her before the rest of the party.”
Heathcliff smiled in an almost unnoticeable manner.
“One who wishes to protect another is capable of unleashing the greatest strength. I look forward to your achievements on the battlefield. The assault will begin in three hours. Thirty-two people, including you two, are expected to participate. We will meet in front of the teleport gate in Collinia on the 75th floor at one o'clock. You are dismissed.”
As he finished, the red paladin and his men stood up and left the room.

“Three hours— What should we do?”
Asuna asked as she absentmindedly sat down on the steel bench. I simply watched her in silence. Her body which was covered by a white combat uniform with red decorations, her long and silky hair, her sparkling brown eyes— she was as beautiful as a priceless gem.
When she noticed that I kept looking at her without shifting my gaze, Asuna blushed and asked with an embarrassed smile:
“Wha...? What?”
I hesitantly opened my mouth:
“...Asuna...”
“What?”
“...Please don't get angry and listen to me. This boss fight today... could you not take part and wait here for my return?”
Asuna first stared at me, then she lowered her head with a melancholic expression and said:
“...Why are you saying this...?”
“Despite what Heathcliff said, we simply can't predict what will happen in a place where crystals can't be used. I'm really afraid... when I think about it... that something will happen to you...”
“...You want me to wait in a safe location while you go somewhere that dangerous by yourself?”
Asuna stood up and walked towards me with confident steps. Her eyes were aflame with passion.
“If I did that and you didn't return, then I'd commit suicide. Not only would I lose my reason to keep living, I would also never forgive myself for simply waiting here. If you want to run away, then we'll run away together. If that's what you want to do, then I'm fine with it.”
She finished talking and touched the center of my chest with the fingertips of her right hand. Her eyes softened and a soft smile appeared on her face.
“But, you know... Everybody taking part in today's battle is afraid, and they all want to run away. Yet, despite the fear, they still agreed to join. That's because the leader and Kirito-kun... because the two strongest people in this world are leading them... that's what I think... I know that you don't like to bear responsibility. But I hope that you'll try, just this once, not only for them, but also for us... So we can return to the real world, so we can meet again; I hope we can try our best together.”
I raised my right hand and clasped Asuna's hand softly. The feeling that I didn't want to lose her flooded out from deep within my heart.
“...Sorry... I, became weak for a moment. To tell the truth, I really wish we could just run away together. I don't want you to die, and I don't want to die either. We don't have to...”
I gazed into Asuna's eyes and kept on talking:
“It's fine if we can't return to the real world... I want to go on living with you in that forest lodge. The two of us... forever...”
Asuna grasped her chest with her remaining hand. She closed her eyes and frowned, as if she was trying to endure something. Then, a dejected sigh escaped her lips.
“Yeah... It really is like a dream... It would be great if we could do that... Spending each day together... forever...”
She stopped here and bit her lip as if she was letting go of a hopeless wish. Then she opened her eyes and looked up to me with a serious expression on her face.
“Kirito-kun, have you ever thought about it...? About what's happening to our real bodies right now?”
I was struck speechless by this unexpected question. It was probably something that every player here wondered about. But since there was no way of contacting the outside world, it was useless to think about it. Although everyone was scared, they also avoided confronting this question.
“Do you remember? That person's... Kayaba Akihiko's introduction at the beginning of the game. He said that the Nerve Gear would permit two hours of disconnection. But the reason for that was...”
“...To move our bodies to the proper medical facilities...”
Asuna nodded as I muttered this.
“Then a few days later, everyone had been cut off for about an hour, right?”
Something like that had definitely happened. I had looked at the disconnection warning and worried about whether or not the Nerve Gear would kill me in two hours.
“I think everybody had been moved to hospitals then. It's impossible to take care of a comatose person for years in a normal household. They most likely moved us to a hospital and then linked us back up again...”
“...Yeah, I think you're right...”
“If our bodies are just lying on a bed, managing to stay alive only through the numerous cords connected to them... I don't think that they'll remain safe in that situation forever.”
I was suddenly overtaken by the fear that my body was starting to fade away; I hugged Asuna to confirm our existence.
“...In other words... regardless of whether or not we can clear the game... there will always be a time limit...”
“...And this time limit will differ from person to person... Since talking about «the other side» is a taboo here, I haven't discussed this with anyone else... But you're different. I...I want to spend my whole life by your side. I want to go out with you for real, get married to you for real, and then grow old together. So...so...”
She couldn't continue. Asuna buried her face in my chest and let the tears flow. I slowly stroked her back to help her finish her words.
“So... We have no choice but to fight right now...”
My fears didn't actually go away. But how could I give up now when Asuna was doing her best to open up our future while trying so hard to keep herself from collapsing.
It's alright— It will definitely be alright. As long as we're together, it will definitely—
I strengthened my arms and hugged Asuna tightly to get rid of the eerie feeling that threatened to overtake me.

Chapter 21
There was a group of obviously high-level players waiting in the 75th level's teleport gate plaza in Collinia, so I figured they must be the boss party. As Asuna and I stepped out of the gate and headed towards them, they all closed their mouths and sent a tense glance our way. Some of them even gave us a guild salute.
I stopped walking as surprise overwhelmed me. But Asuna saluted in reply and then jabbed me on the side.
“Come on, Kirito-kun, you're a leader now, so you have to greet them properly!”
“What...?”
I saluted them awkwardly. I had taken part in numerous boss parties up until now, but this was the first time I had received so much attention.
“Hey!”
Someone thumped me on the shoulder, and I turned around and saw the katana-wielder, Klein, smiling under his bandana. Surprisingly, Agil's huge build also stood beside him, fully equipped with a two-handed axe in his hands.
“What......? You guys are taking part as well?”
“Why are you surprised!? Aren't you taking us a bit too lightly!?”
Agil shouted indignantly.
“I even left my shop because I heard that you guys were having a hard time. To think that you don't appreciate my selfless sacrifice....”
I hit Agil's arm as he declared with overstated body motions.
“I understand your sentiments very well. So we can count you out when we share the goods right?”
When I said that, the giant shook his bald head and gathered his eyebrows into an eight (?) sign.
“Well. Tha-That's a bit....”
As his faltering voice trailed off, Asuna and Klein simultaneously burst into laughter. It quickly spread to the other players and seemingly washed away everyone's anxiety.
At exactly one o'clock, several new players arrived at the gate. It was Heathcliff, dressed in his red overcoat with his huge cross-shaped shield in hand, and the elites of the KoB. A tense atmosphere overcame the players once again as they saw the newcomers.
If we were to compare only levels and stats, the only person who would be higher than Asuna and I would probably be Heathcliff himself. But their coordination projected the strength of their teamwork. Other than the red and white guild colors, their armor and weapons were all completely different; yet the strength of the bonds between them was far superior to that of «The Army» unit we had seen.
The paladin and his four subordinates walked straight towards us, which split the group of assembled players into two. Klein and Agil were both forced to take a few steps back, while Asuna calmly exchanged a salute with them.
After coming to a stop, Heathcliff nodded towards us before he spoke to the entire group:
“It seems that everybody is here. Thank you all for that. I think that everybody understands our current situation. This will be a hard battle, but I believe that with your strength we will prevail. We shall fight for our freedom from this game—!”
As Heathcliff shouted in a powerful voice, the other players joined in with an inspiring roar of their own. I was surprised at the charisma which drew others to him like a magnet. It was surprising to see a person with such leadership qualities amongst the hardcore gamers that usually lack social coordination, or maybe it was this world that nurtured his talents? I wondered what he did in the real world...
Heathcliff turned my way as if he had felt my gaze, and then said with a smile:
“Kirito-kun, I look forward to your efforts. I hope you'll use your «Dual Blades» to its fullest.”
Neither pressure nor fear could be heard from his low and soft voice. One couldn't help but be amazed at the fact that Heathcliff maintained such a laid back attitude despite facing a difficult battle ahead of us.
After I nodded silently, Heathcliff turned back towards the players and raised his hand up into the air.
“Then we start. I will open a corridor that leads directly to the area in front of the boss room.”
He took out a navy blue crystal from his pouch as he said this, sending murmurs and awe through the other players.
Normal teleport crystals can only transport the user to a chosen city's teleport gate, but the item Heathcliff had taken out was a «Corridor Crystal», which could open a teleport gate to any location that the player marked. Needless to say, it was an exceptionally useful item.
But since it was so handy, it was also extremely rare and wasn't sold in NPC shops. It could only be acquired from labyrinth treasure chests or as a drop from monsters, so few players were willing to use it even if they had one. The reason that the players voiced their surprise was not because they had seen a rare item, but because Heathcliff was willing to use it.
Heathcliff raised the crystal, oblivious to the stares of the other players, and yelled:
“Corridor open.”
The exceedingly expensive crystal shattered and a blue whirlpool of light appeared.
“Then, everyone, follow me.”
After he swept his gaze across the whole group, Heathcliff leapt into the blue light with his red clothes fluttering behind him. His body was immediately engulfed by the light and disappeared in an instant. His four KoB subordinates then followed him without delay.
At some point, many people began gathering around the plaza. They must have heard about the boss battle and had come out to see us off. The warriors walked into the light one after another amidst cries of encouragement.
Asuna and I were soon the only ones left. We looked at each other and exchanged a slight nod before we held our hands and jumped into the whirlpool of light together.

After the dizzying sensation of teleportation had passed, I opened my eyes and saw that we were already in the labyrinth. It was a remarkably wide corridor, with two rows of thick pillars and a huge gate at the end.
The labyrinth of the 75th floor was built from some type of faintly transparent obsidian. Unlike the crude and rough labyrinths of the lower floors, the stones here were smoothly polished and stacked together with no gaps in between. The air was cold and damp, and a thin layer of mist covered the floor.
Asuna covered herself with both arms as if she felt cold and then spoke:
“......Somehow...... I have a really bad feeling...”
“Yeah...”
I agreed.
In the two years up until now, we have cleared 74 labyrinths and defeated an equal number of boss monsters. After gaining so much experience, we can roughly guess the strength of the boss just by looking at its lair.
The thirty players around us were all opening their windows and checking their equipped items; their expressions were all very serious.
I led Asuna behind a pillar and put my arm around her thin body. The anxiety that I had been holding back burst forth now that the fight was near. My body had even started shaking.
“...Don't worry.”
Asuna whispered into my ear.
“I'll protect you.”
“No... It's not that I'm afraid of fighting...”
“Fufu.”
Asuna gave a small laugh and continued:
“So... You have to protect me as well, Kirito-kun.”
“Yeah... Definitely.”
I squeezed my arm around her once more before breaking apart. Heathcliff, who had now gotten his cross-shaped shield out, spoke with his equipment clanking.
“Is everyone ready? We have no information about the boss' behavioral patterns. The KoB will be in charge of holding back the enemy's attacks; everyone should take this chance to analyze the enemy's attack patterns and counterattack accordingly.”
Everybody nodded silently.
“Then— let's go.”
Heathcliff said softly. Then he walked confidently over to the obsidian door and placed his hand in the middle of it. This caused everyone to become extra tense.
I tapped the shoulders of Klein and Agil, who were both beside me, and told them as they turned around:
“Don't die.”
“Heh, worry about yourself instead.”
“I have no intention of dying before I make a fortune with the rare items I'll get from today's fight.”
As they gave their arrogantly-humored responses, the door began to open with a heavy sound. The players all readied their weapons, so I drew both my swords from my back as well. I glanced at Asuna, who had her rapier in hand, and then nodded to her.
Heathcliff drew his sword from his shield last. He then raised his hand up into the air and shouted,
“—Begin battle!”
Then he walked past the wide-open gates and into the room, with everyone else following right behind him.
The room's inside was shaped like a huge dome. It seemed about as wide as the arena Heathcliff and I dueled in. The dark walls soared into the air and curved high above our heads. Right after the thirty-two players entered the room and got into formation— the doors behind us closed with a boom. Now it was impossible to open unless either the boss died or we got wiped out.
The entire group fell into silence for a long moment. Although we kept our watch on the surrounding floor, the boss still hadn't appeared. Time held our nerves tight as one second slowly passed after another.
“Hey—”
Just as someone couldn't endure the tense silence any longer...
“Above us!!”
Asuna shouted next to me. I looked upwards in surprise.
On the ceiling of the dome— It was there.
It was exceptionally huge and long.
A centipede—!?
That thought passed through my mind the moment I saw it. It was about ten meters long. But the body that was divided into numerous parts reminded me more of a human spine than an insect. Sharp legs made of bare bones could be seen protruding from every joint. As I shifted my glance down the body, it became thicker until the hideous skull came to sight. It wasn't the skull of a human. At the end of the smooth skull, there were two pairs of sharply upturned eye sockets with blue flames smoldering inside. The jaws jutted outward and were filled with a row of sharp teeth, while two massive arms in the shape of scythes were attached on either side of the skull.
When I focused my gaze on it, the monster's name appeared along with a yellow cursor: «The Skullreaper» — the skeletal hunter-killer.
As the shocked players watched the skeletal centipede crawl along the ceiling on its numerous legs, it suddenly spread its legs wide — and then dove straight into us.
“Don't just stand there! Scatter!!”
Heathcliff's sharp voice cut through the frozen air. The players finally came to their senses and began to move. We hurried to get away from the estimated landing area as well.
But the three people who were positioned directly under the skeletal centipede's dive were a little slow. They simply stood there and looked up as if unsure of which direction to move in.
“This way!”
I shouted in a hurry. The three players then became unfrozen and started running towards me—
But in that moment, the centipede landed behind them and the whole floor shook violently. The three lost their balance as a result, just as the centipede swung its right arm —which was shaped like a huge bone scythe that was as long as a person— and cleaved directly into them.
The three players were sliced once in their backs and sent flying simultaneously. Their HP decreased quickly as they flew through the air— straight past the yellow area and into the red danger area—
“—!?”
Then they all reached zero, and the three bodies that were still in the air shattered into countless shards and scattered. The sound effects of death overlapped one another.
“——!!”
I heard Asuna hold her breath beside me. I could feel my body becoming rigid with shock.
They died— in one hit—?!
In the SAO system, which used both levels and skills, one's maximum HP rose with level, so a higher level meant it was harder to kill regardless of one's fighting skills. The party here today was composed of only high-level players, so even if it was a boss, everyone should still be able to withstand at least a short combo attack— that's what everyone had thought. Yet in just one hit—
“This... is impossible....”
Asuna muttered in a forced voice.
The skeletal centipede that had taken the lives of three people in an instant raised its upper body and charged at another group of players with a thunderous roar.
“Ahhhh—!!”
The players in that direction screamed in panic. The bone scythe was raised high up into the air once again.
In this critical moment, a figure jumped in right beneath the scythe. It was Heathcliff. He raised his large shield and blocked the attack, sending out an ear-rending sound of impact and a shower of sparks.
But there were two scythes. While its left arm continued to attack Heathcliff, it raised its right scythe and swung down at the frozen players.
“Dammit......!”
I ran in almost subconsciously, quickly covering the distance as if I was flying, and flung myself directly in front of the scythe. Then I crossed my swords and blocked its attack.
The tremulous force of impact struck my body. But— the scythe didn't stop. As sparks flew from it, the scythe pushed back my swords and came towards me.
It's too powerful—!
At this moment, a new sword flew in with a trail of white light and struck the scythe. A clashing noise resounded. As the scythe weakened during this moment, I immediately pushed with all my might and managed to force the bone scythe back.
Next to me, Asuna glanced my way and said,
“If we both hit it at the same time— we can block its attacks! If it's us, then it's possible!!”
“Okay— let's do this!”
I nodded. Just knowing that Asuna was next to me gave me boundless strength.
As the scythe swung horizontally towards us once again, both Asuna and I swung towards the lower right to parry. Our swords struck the scythe head on in perfect unison, and this time it was the scythe that was knocked back.
I strengthened my voice and shouted:
“We'll stop the scythes! Everyone else attack its sides!”
It was as if my voice finally freed everyone from some spell. The players shouted, raised their weapons, and charged at the body of the skeletal centipede. A number of hits cut deeply into the enemy's body and the boss' HP finally decreased a bit.
But immediately afterwards, I could hear the screaming of several players. I risked a glance after countering the scythe again and saw a few people get knocked down by the long, spear-like bone at the end of the centipede's tail.
“Argh...!”
I gritted my teeth. We should help, but Asuna and I, as well as Heathcliff who was guarding against the left scythe by himself only a little further away, already had our hands full.
“Kirito-kun...!”
At Asuna's voice, I turned my gaze over to her.
—No! If we get distracted we'll be hit!
—Yeah, you're right... It's coming again!!
—Block with a left vertical upward cut!
We spoke to each other with only exchanged glances and blocked the scythe with perfectly synchronized movements.
We forced ourselves to ignore the screams that could be heard from time to time and concentrated on blocking the enemy's powerful blows. Amazingly, we didn't need to talk or even glance at one another. It was as if we were directly linked to the other. The enemy attacked so fast that it didn't even leave breathing room, but we still managed to counter it every time by activating the same skills at precisely the same instant.
Just then— as I fought at my limits for my very life, I experienced a feeling that I had never felt before. It was a totally surreal experience— as if Asuna and I had fused into one person and were swinging one sword. Our HP continued to decrease bit by bit due to the aftershock of the enemy's strikes we blocked, but we were already beyond caring about such things.

Chapter 22
The fighting continued for over an hour.
It felt like an eternity had passed before the battle finally finished. When the boss monster's huge body shattered into countless shards, no one had even the energy to cheer. Everyone either collapsed into a sitting position on the obsidian ground or laid down completely with their breathing ragged.
Is it— over...?
Yeah— It's over—
After we exchanged these thoughts, it felt like the «link» between Asuna and I also severed. Fatigue suddenly overwhelmed my body and I knelt down onto the floor. Asuna and I sat with our backs against each other, feeling as if we wouldn't be able to do anything for a while.
We were both alive— But even when I thought of this, I just couldn't be happy about the situation. Too many people had died. After the first three deaths at the start of the battle, the grim sound effect of people shattering continued to resound at a steady pace and I had forced myself to stop counting at the sixth one.
“How many— died...?”
Klein, who was sitting to my left, asked in a wheezing voice. Agil, who was lying on the floor next to him with his arms and legs spread out, also turned his head this way.
I waved my right hand to open the map and then counted the green dots on it. I subtracted the tally from the number of people who had been present when we first set off.
“—Fourteen dead.”
I couldn't believe this number even though I had counted it myself.
They were all high-leveled, skilled warriors who had experienced countless battles. Even if we couldn't escape or heal instantly, we should still be able to avoid suffering too many deaths if we fought in a manner that put survival first— That's what we had all thought, but—
“...Impossible...”
Agil's voice didn't carry a hint of its usual brightness. A depressing gloom pressed down on the survivors.
We were only three-fourths of the way there— There were still twenty-five floors left to clear. Even though there were thousands of players here, only a few hundred were still serious about clearing the game. If every floor generated as many fatalities as this one, then it was highly possible — that only one person would face the final boss.
If that happened, the last one standing would probably be that man...
I shifted my gaze further back into the room. Amongst everybody who sat on the floor, a single red-clothed figure continued to stand straight. That person was Heathcliff.
Of course, he wasn't unscathed. As I focused on him, the cursor appeared to show his HP, and I could tell that he had taken quite a bit of damage. He had blocked the bone scythe, which Asuna and I had barely managed to keep at bay, by himself until the end. It wouldn't be strange if he collapsed from exhaustion alone regardless of his HP.
But I couldn't feel even the slightest hint of tiredness from his calm figure. It was a toughness that was hard to believe. It was as if— he was a fighting machine...
Because my mind was hazy due to the fatigue, I continued to stare at the side of Heathcliff's face. The legend's expression was composed. He was silently looking down at the sitting KoB members and the other players. His eyes were warm and full of mercy— as if—
As if he was looking at a bunch of white mice playing in an inescapable cage.
Just then, a shudder racked through my body.
My mind became clear in an instant. My body grew cold, starting from the tips of my fingers and spreading all the way to the center of my brain. It was a strange foreboding. The impossible idea infested my mind like a seed and suspicion grew from it.
The expression within Heathcliff's eyes, the calmness it showed, it wasn't a look that consoled his wounded comrades. He wasn't standing on the same level as us. His expression was offering mercy from some faraway place high above us— It was the expression of a god...
I thought of the inhuman reaction speed that Heathcliff had shown during our duel. It had far surpassed the speed of a human being. No, I said that wrongly; it had far surpassed the limits that SAO had set on the players.
Add his usual behavior on top of that: he was the leader of the strongest guild, yet he never gave any orders and simply watched the other players take care of things. Maybe that wasn't because he trusted his men— Maybe he was holding himself back because he knew of things that normal players didn't!
He was a being that wasn't bound by the rules of this game of death. Yet he wasn't an NPC. There was no way that a program could be able to make such a merciful expression.
If he was neither an NPC nor a normal player, then there was only one possibility left. But how on earth do I confirm this? There was just no way to... Not even one.
No, there is. It was a way that I could try only right here and right now.
I looked at Heathcliff's HP bar. It had been greatly reduced from the hard fight. But it hadn't dropped to 50%. It was barely, just barely in the blue zone.
No one had ever seen this person's HP go into the yellow zone. He had an overwhelming defense that nobody could even compare with.
During his duel with me, his expression had changed the moment his HP had neared the halfway point. It shouldn't be a fear of his HP turning yellow.
It was— most probably—
I slowly fixed my grip on the sword in my right hand. I pulled my right foot back with the tiniest movements. I bent my hips back slightly and got into a low dash position. Heathcliff didn't notice any of my movements. His warm gaze was currently directed only towards his tired guild members.
If my guess is wrong, then I would be branded a criminal and be punished without mercy.
If that happens...I'm sorry...
I glanced at Asuna, who sat next to me. She raised her head at the same time and our eyes met.
“Kirito-kun...?”
A surprised expression overcame Asuna, whose mouth moved yet gave off no voice. But at that moment, my right foot had already kicked off against the ground.
There were ten meters between me and Heathcliff. I sped towards him at full speed with my body almost touching the ground and reached him in an instant. Then I tilted my sword and stabbed upwards. It was the basic one-handed sword skill «Rage Spike». Since it was a weak skill, it shouldn't kill Heathcliff even if it made a critical hit. But if my guess was right—
The blade rushed in from the left, leaving a trail of bright blue light. Heathcliff reacted with surprising speed, and an expression of shock appeared on his face. He immediately lifted his shield in an attempt to guard.
But I had already seen him perform that motion many times during our duel and remembered it clearly. My sword dissolved into a streak of light, changed its course in midair, and scraped along the edge of his shield before continuing to pierce towards his chest.
But just before the sword struck him, it was stopped by an invisible wall. A powerful shock coursed through my arm. A spark of purple light flashed and a message of the same colour appeared— a system message between us.
[Immortal Object]. It wasn't a status that weak beings like us players could have. What Heathcliff had feared during the duel must be the revelation of this godlike safeguard to everyone.
“Kirito-kun, what are you—?”
Asuna, who had shouted in surprise at my sudden attack and ran after me, suddenly stopped and froze in place after seeing the message. Me, Heathcliff, Klein, and all the other players around us were completely motionless as well. The system message faded slowly in the midst of this stillness.
I lowered my sword and jumped back lightly, widening the distance between Heathcliff and myself. Asuna took a couple of steps forward and stood next to me.
“Immortality granted by the system... How's this possible... guild master...?”
Heathcliff didn't respond even after hearing Asuna's confused voice. He simply glared at me with a severe expression. With both of my swords in hand, I opened my mouth and spoke:
“This is the truth behind the legend. His HP was protected by the system and wouldn't fall into the yellow zone no matter what happened to him. The status of immortality... other than NPCs, only system administrators could have it. But this game didn't have any administrators, except for maybe one person...”
I stopped talking at this point and glanced upwards into the skies.
“...I had always wondered after my arrival in this world... Just where he was watching us from as he manipulated this world. But I forgot one simple truth, one that even a little kid should know.”
I looked straight at the red paladin and continued:
“«There's nothing more boring than watching someone else play a game». Isn't that right?...... Kayaba Akihiko?”
There was a stunned silence, as if everyone had just frozen over.
Heathcliff was glaring at me with an emotionless expression. The players around us didn't move even a muscle. No, it was more accurate to say that they couldn't move.
Asuna took a step forward from beside me. Her eyes didn't contain a trace of emotion, as if they were bottomless voids. She opened her mouth slightly and spoke in a dry and barely audible voice.
“Leader...... Is this...... true...?”
Heathcliff ignored her question. Instead, he tilted his head slightly and asked me:
“...Just for reference, could you tell me how you figured it out?”
“...The first time I thought that something was off was during our duel, because your speed during that final moment was simply too fast.”
“As I expected. That was a grievous mistake on my part. I was so overwhelmed by your speed that I ended up using the system's assistance past its normal limits.”
As Heathcliff nodded, his face finally revealed another expression; his lips moved slightly to form a bitter smile.
“I originally expected to reach the 95th floor before this would be revealed.”
His smile turned into one of authority as he slowly swept his gaze across the players. Then, the red paladin stated confidently:
“—Yes. I am Kayaba Akihiko. I am also the final boss of the game who awaits you all on the top floor.”
I felt Asuna sway slightly beside me. I extended my right hand to support her without turning my gaze.
“...You've got some strange tastes. To think that the strongest player would suddenly become the most malignant final boss.”
“Don't you think that this is an interesting scenario? I had originally thought that this revelation would incite a wave of shock throughout Aincrad, but I had never thought that I would be found out only three-quarters of the way through the game. I knew that you were this game's most unpredictable factor, but I never imagined that you would have such potential.”
As the creator of this game who imprisoned the minds of ten thousand players, Kayaba Akihiko smiled in a way that I could still remember and shrugged. Kayaba's expressions were totally different from those of Heathcliff the Paladin. But that impenetrable, steely presence was somehow similar to that of the expressionless avatar which had descended upon us two years ago.
Kayaba continued with a bitter smile:
“...I had expected that you would be the player who would stand against me in the end. Out of the ten unique skills, «Dual Blades» is given to the player with the fastest reaction speed, who would then act out the hero's role against the final boss, regardless of whether he wins or loses. But you have shown me strength beyond my expectations, be it your speed or your insight. Well... I suppose that such unpredictable developments are part of the essence of online RPGs....”
At this moment, one of players who was frozen stood up slowly. He was one of the KoB leaders. His seemingly brusque eyes were filled with a tormented agony.
“You...... You...... How dare you take our loyalty — our hopes...... and... and... completely defile them—!”
He raised his huge halberd into the air and launched himself with a scream. There wasn't even any time to try to stop him. We could only watch as he swung his weapon down at Kayaba—
But Kayaba was a step faster. He waved his left hand and quickly manipulated the window that appeared; the man immediately stopped in midair and then fell to the ground with a loud noise. A green outline flashed around his HP bar, indicating paralysis. However, Kayaba didn't stop there and continued to move his hand.
“Ah...Kirito-kun...!”
I turned around and saw Asuna kneeling on the ground. It wasn't just her either, as all the players except Kayaba and I were on the ground, groaning from awkward positions.
After sheathing my blades, I knelt down to prop up Asuna's upper body with my arm and held her hand. Then I looked back at Kayaba.
“...What are you going to do? Are you going to kill us all to hide the truth...?”
“Of course not. I would never do something so unreasonable.”
The man in red smiled and shook his head.
“But since the situation has gotten to this point, I have no other choice. I will move my schedule forward and await for your arrival in the «Scarlet Jade Castle» on the top floor. It's a shame that I must desert the KoB, as well as the other front-line players, that I had carefully cultivated to fight against the powerful mobs on the 90th floor and above. But I believe that all of you should have enough strength to reach the top level. But... before that...”
Kayaba suddenly stopped talking and turned his eyes, which were full of overwhelming will-power, to focus on me. He then drove his sword softly into the obsidian floor, and a sharp yet clear metallic ring resounded across the air.
“Kirito, since you figured out my true identity, I will reward you with an opportunity: you can have a one-on-one duel with me, right here and right now. Of course, I will negate my immortality status. If you win, the game will be cleared immediately, and all the players will be able to log out. What do you say...?”
As soon as she heard this, Asuna began to squirm in my arms, trying desperately to move her paralyzed body as she shook her head.
“No, Kirito-kun...! He's trying to get rid of you first... Right now... Right now you have to back down...!”
My instincts told me that was the best course of action. This guy was an administrator who could intervene with the system. Even if he claimed that it would be a fair fight, there was no way to know whether or not he was somehow manipulating the system. The best choice would be to retreat now and come up with a countermeasure with the others.
But...
What did that guy say? That he raised the KoB? That we would surely be able to reach...?
“What a load of crap....”
I unconsciously muttered in a dry voice.
This guy confined the minds of ten thousand people in a world he had created, where he had already killed four thousand with electromagnetic waves. He had been watching the players struggle foolishly and pitifully according to the script he had written. This must be the most enjoyable experience available to a game master.
I thought of Asuna's past, which she had shared with me on the 22nd floor. I remembered the tears she had shed while clutching me. The man before my eyes had created this world for his own joy and hurt Asuna's heart countless times, making it bleed profusely; there was no way I could just back down from this.
“Fine. Let's settle this.”
I nodded slowly.
“Kirito-kun...!”
At Asuna's stricken cry, I dropped my gaze to the figure in my arms. Pain pierced my heart as if my chest had been stabbed through, but somehow I managed to force a smile.
“Sorry. But I can't... run away right now....”
Asuna opened her mouth to say something, but then gave up halfway and tried her best to smile. A single tear rolled down her cheek.
“You weren't planning... on sacrificing yourself...?”
“Of course... I'll definitely win. I'll win and put an end to this world.”
“Okay. I'll trust you.”
Even if I lose and die, you must live on— although I wanted to say that, but I still couldn't force it out. I could only hold Asuna's right hand firmly in its stead.
After I released her hand, I laid Asuna's body down on the obsidian floor and then stood back up. I slowly approached Kayaba, who was silently looking upon us, and drew both my swords with a sharp sound.
“Kirito! Stop—!”
“Kirito—!”
When I turned my head towards the source of those voices, I saw Klein and Agil shouting and trying desperately to lift themselves up. I focused my sight upon Agil first and nodded slightly towards him.
“Agil, thanks for supporting the warrior class players up till now. I know that you spent most of the money you had earned to help the players on the middle floors.”
I smiled at the huge guy whose eyes were wide open before shifting my gaze again.
The katana warrior, with a simple bandana and fully-bearded cheeks, fumed on the floor as if he was still trying to find the words to say.
I gazed straight into those deep eyes of his and took a deep breath. This time, no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't control my faltering voice.
“Klein. That time... I'm really sorry... about leaving you. I've always regretted it.”
As soon as I finished this short line in my hoarse voice, something twinkled at the corners of my old friend's eyes, and tears soon began to roll down one after another.
With tears still coming out of his eyes, Klein struggled to stand up while shouting loudly with a coarse voice that was about to break:
“You... You bastard! Kirito! Don't apologize! Don't apologize now! I won't forgive you! Until you invite me to a meal in the real world, I definitely won't forgive you!!”
I nodded at Klein, who wanted to continue shouting.
“Yeah, I promise. Next time, I'll see you on the other side.”
I raised my right hand and gave him a thumbs up.
Finally, I turned my gaze back to the girl who had allowed me to say the words that had been buried deeply within my heart for two years.
I looked upon the smiling Asuna whose face was covered by tears—
I muttered an apology to her inside my mind and turned back around. I faced Kayaba, who still had an expression of absolute superiority, and opened my mouth:
“...Sorry about this, but I have one thing to ask.”
“What is it?”
“I don't have any intention of losing, but if I die — can you prevent Asuna from committing suicide, even if only for a short period?”
Kayaba raised an eyebrow in surprise, but calmly nodded to my request.
“Okay. I'll set it so that she won't be able to leave Salemburg.”
“Kirito-kun, no!! You can't, you can't do this—!!”
Asuna screamed tearfully from behind me. But I didn't look back. I shifted my right foot backwards, brought my left sword forward while lowering my right sword, and entered my stance.
Kayaba manipulated the window with his left hand and readjusted our HP bars to the same level. It was just before the red zone, where a single, strong hit would decide the fight.
After that, the system message [changed into mortal object] appeared above his head. Kayaba then closed the windows, pulled out the sword he had dug into the ground, and raised it behind his cross-shaped shield.
My mind was completely calm and clear. Thoughts like Sorry, Asuna bubbled away and scattered as I sharpened the fighting instinct within me into a razor's edge.
Frankly, I had no clue what my chances of winning were. If we were only talking about sword skills, then he wasn't any better than me based on the last duel. But that's only if he doesn't use his 'overassist', during which only he would be able to move while I would be completely frozen in place.
It all depended on Kayaba's pride. Based on what he said, he was planning to defeat me with only the strength of «Holy Sword». If that was the case, my only chance of surviving this was to defeat him before he used any special abilities.
The space between me and Heathcliff tensed. It felt as if the air itself trembled under the pressure of the murderous intent pouring out of us. This was no longer a duel; it was a fight to the death. That's right— I'm going to—
“Kill you...!!”
I shot forward with a sharp shout.
I swung my right sword horizontally as the distance closed. Kayaba blocked this easily with his shield. There was a spray of sparks and our faces were lit for a second.
It was as if the metallic clashing noise signaled the start of our fight; our weapons immediately accelerated to breakneck speeds and dominated the space around us.
This fight was the strangest, yet the most human fight that I'd partaken in up until now. Both of us had already shown our skills to each other. Furthermore, this was the person who designed «Dual Blades», thus he easily saw through any common skill combinations. That was why he had blocked all of my attacks during our last duel.
I couldn't rely upon the combos offered by the system; I had to depend on my own skills and instincts to swing my swords. Of course, I couldn't receive the system's assistance this way, but I could still move my arms at high speeds with the help of my accelerated senses. I could even see the afterimages, and it looked almost like there were several dozen swords in my hands. But—
Kayaba was blocking all of them with stunning accuracy. He also countered immediately whenever I showed even the slightest opening. The situation showed no sign of changing. I concentrated on Heathcliff's eyes in an attempt to read even a bit of the enemy's thoughts and reactions. We ended up exchanging glances as a result.
But Kayaba—Heathcliff's bronze eyes were cold and desolate. There wasn't a trace of the human emotions that he showed last time.
Suddenly a chill ran down my spine.
My opponent was someone who had mercilessly killed over four thousand people. Could a normal human being do such a thing? The deaths of four thousand, the resentment of four thousand, he could withstand such a pressure and still remain perfectly calm— He was no human, he was a monster.
“Aaaaaaah!”
I screamed to eliminate the small fragment of fear that had appeared in the depths of my mind. I accelerated my movements further and rained down countless blows upon him per second. But Kayaba's expression showed no change. He blocked all my attacks with his cross shield and long sword at speeds the naked eye couldn't even see.
Is he just toying with me—!?
My fear became nervousness. Was it possible that Kayaba only stayed on the defensive because he could actually counterattack whenever he wanted and was confident that he could survive even a direct hit from me?
The suspicion overtook my mind. He had never even needed the overassistance from the beginning.
“Damnit......!”
In that case— How about this—?!
I changed my attack pattern and activated «The Eclipse», the highest level Dual Blades skill. Like the tips of an enveloping corona, my swords sent twenty-seven consecutive attacks towards Kayaba—
But— Kayaba had been waiting for me to use a combo skill designated by the system. His face revealed an expression for the first time since the start of the duel. It was completely opposite to the one he had shown last time— It was the smile of someone certain of his victory.
I realized my mistake as soon as I launched the opening attacks of the combo. In these final moments, I had relied on the system instead of myself. But it was already impossible for me to stop the skill, and once the attacks finish I would be subjected to a short delay. Furthermore, Kayaba saw through all my blows, from the start of the combo all the way to the last attack.
As I watched Kayaba swing his shield at blinding speeds, deflecting my swords with knowledge of exactly where each blow would land, I muttered in my mind:
Sorry— Asuna.... At least you must— stay alive—
The twenty-seventh attack struck the middle of the shield, sending out a shower of sparks. Then, with the shrill scream of metal, the sword in my left hand shattered.
“Well, this is goodbye— Kirito-kun.”
Kayaba raised his sword high above me as I stood stunned. A deep red shine glinted off the blade. The blood-red sword was then swung down at me—

At that moment, a strong, vibrant voice rang within my head.
I— will protect— Kirito-kun!!
The silhouette of a person charged in between Kayaba's red sword and me at an incredible speed. The long, chestnut-brown hair danced in the wind before my eyes.
Asuna— How—!?
She was standing in front of me even though she should be unable to move because of the paralysis. She bravely straightened her chest and opened her arms out wide.
An expression of shock exposed itself on Kayaba's face. But nobody could stop his attack now. Everything moved as if in slow motion as the long sword ripped its way down, through Asuna's shoulder and all the way into her chest before it stopped.
I reached out with both hands towards Asuna as she fell backwards towards me. She collapsed into my arms without a sound.
As her gaze met mine, Asuna gave a weak smile. Her HP bar— was depleted.

Time had stopped.

The sunset. The meadow. The gentle breeze. The slightly cold weather.
We were both sitting on a hill and looking down upon the lake as it shone with the deep golden red of the setting sun.
The sound of rustling leaves. The sound of birds returning to their nests.
She held my hand softly, then rested her head against my shoulder.
The clouds drifted by. Then the stars began to appear one by one, twinkling in the evening sky.
We gazed on as the world changed its colors bit by bit.
Then, she finally said something:
“I'm a little tired. Can I rest on your lap for a bit?”
I answered with a smile.
“Yeah, of course. Rest well—”

The Asuna in my arms now smiled at me just like that time, her eyes filled with endless affection. But the weight and warmth of that time had completely vanished.
Bit by bit, Asuna's body was slowly engulfed by a golden light. The small shards of light began to collapse and scatter.
“This is just a joke, right...? Asuna... this... this is...”
I muttered with a trembling voice. But the uncaring light got brighter and brighter and then—
A single tear rolled down from Asuna's eyes, which sparkled for a single moment before disappearing. Her lips moved slightly, slowly, as if she was trying to force her final voice out of them.

S o r r y
G o o d b y e

Her body began to float—
The blinding light exploded in my arms, transforming into numerous feathers that drifted across the air.
And not a trace of her body remained.
I screamed silently and tried desperately to gather the scattering light back into my arms. But the golden feathers flew up into the air as if blown by the wind, where they scattered and vanished. Just like that, she had disappeared.

This wasn't something that should have happened. It couldn't happen. It just couldn't. It just—
I knelt on the ground as if I was about to collapse, as the last feather floated down into my right palm and then disappeared.

Chapter 23
Kayaba pursed his lips and flaunted his arms dramatically.
“This is really surprising. Isn't it just like a standalone console RPG scenario? It should have been impossible for her to recover from the paralysis... So things like this really do happen...”
But his voice didn't even register in my mind. It felt as if all my emotions were being burnt out, as if I was falling into a bottomless abyss engulfed by despair.
There was no reason for me to do anything anymore.
Whether it was fighting in this world, returning to the original world, or even continuing to live on, all of them had lost their meaning. I should have killed myself in the past when my inability and lack of strength led to the death of my guild mates. If I had done that, then I wouldn't have met Asuna, nor would I have made the same mistake again.
Prevent Asuna from committing suicide— what a stupid and careless thing to say. I hadn't understood anything at all. Just like this— with my heart filled with emptiness, how could I possibly keep on living...
I stared blankly at Asuna's rapier, shining as it laid on the ground. I reached out with my left hand and grabbed it.
I sought to find a trace of Asuna's existence on that thin and nimble weapon, but there was nothing. There wasn't a thing left on that expressionless shining surface that would hint at its owner. With my own sword in my right hand and Asuna's in my left, I slowly stood back up.
Nothing mattered anymore. I only want to go find her with the memories of the short period we spent living together.
I thought I heard somebody call me from behind.
But I didn't stop and continued to walk towards Kayaba with my right sword raised. I took several unsightly steps towards him and stabbed with my sword.
Kayaba looked pitifully upon my movement, which could neither be called a skill nor an attack— he deflected my sword easily with his shield and sent it flying, while the long sword in his right hand pierced straight through my chest.

I stared emotionlessly at the shining piece of metal buried deeply within my own body. My mind no longer thought of anything. All that was left was the blank resignation that everything had ended.
From the edge of my vision, I could see my HP bar slowly reducing. I don't know if it was the continuation of my accelerated senses from the battle, but it felt like I could see each dot disappearing. I closed my eyes, hoping that the image of Asuna's smile would resurface as my mind went blank.
But even though I closed my eyes, the HP bar still didn't disappear. It was flashing red and getting smaller at an unrelenting pace. I felt as if the god called the system, which had tolerated my existence up until now, was waiting for the final moment. Only ten dots left to go, now five dots, now—
Then, I suddenly felt an anger that I had never experienced before.
It was this bastard. It was the one who had killed Asuna. The creator Kayaba was merely a part of it. The one who had ripped apart Asuna's body and extinguished her spirit, it was the presence which surrounded me right now— the will of the system itself, the digital death god which mocked the stupidity of the players and swept its scythe mercilessly—
What the hell are we? Are we just a bunch of idiotic puppets controlled by the inviolable threads of the SAO system?
My HP bar vanished completely as if mocking my anger. A purple message appeared within my vision: [You are dead]. It was the command from the god to die.
An icy coldness permeated my body. My senses dulled. I felt the innumerable blocks of code unraveling, severing, and destroying my very being. The cold crept up my neck and into my head. Touch, sound, sight, everything became hazy. My entirely body was starting to dissolve— becoming shards of polygons— before scattering in all directions—
You think I would let that happen?
I opened my eyes widely. I could see. I could still see. I could still see the face of Kayaba, whose sword was dug deeply into my chest, and the expression of surprise on him.
Perhaps my accelerated senses returned, as the death of my avatar, which normally happened within a single moment, felt like it was slowing down. The outline of my body was hazy, and particles of light broke off and disappeared here and there. But I was still existing. I was still alive.
“Hiiiiyaaaa!”
I screamed with all my strength. I screamed and resisted. Resisting the system, the absolute god.
Just to save me, the shy and spoiled Asuna had shaken off the incurable paralysis with her willpower and thrown herself against an attack that was impossible to block. How could I fall now without doing anything. I couldn't fall now, absolutely not. Even if I couldn't avoid death— I had to— at least—
I tightened the grip on my left hand. I took back my senses as if pulling them back with a thread. The feeling of holding something in my left hand returned. Asuna's rapier— I could feel the determination she had. I could hear her telling me to be strong.
My left arm slowly began to move. Its shape was distorting and chunks of it broke off with every bit of movement. But it didn't stop. Bit by bit, it consumed my very soul in order to raise itself.
Perhaps it was the price of my insolent resistance, as an unbelievable pain was coursing throughout my body. But I gritted my teeth and kept on moving. The distance of merely tens of centimeters felt unbelievably far away. My body felt like it was frozen. Only my left arm had any feelings left, yet the coldness was quickly enveloping that part as well. My entire body was like an icy statue with shards of it continuously breaking off.
But at last, the silver rapier reached the center of Kayaba's chest. Kayaba didn't move. His expression of surprise had already disappeared— a soft, peaceful smile had taken its place.
My arm covered the remaining distance, half propelled by my determination, and half moving by some inexplicable force. Kayaba closed his eyes and received the blow as the rapier pierced his body soundlessly. His HP bar had also vanished.
For a moment, we simply stood there, with swords that penetrated each others' bodies. I used the last of my strength to force my head up and look at the sky.
Is this— enough...?
Although I couldn't hear her answer, I could feel a slight warmth wrap itself around my left hand. Finally, I released my body, which was about to shatter completely.
As my mind sank deeper into the darkness, I could feel my body and Kayaba's body breaking into thousands of pieces at the same time. The familiar sound of two objects being destroyed rang out and overlapped one another. As everything pulled further and further away at an incredible speed, I could hear faint voices calling my name. I figured those must be the voices of Klein and Agil. Then, at this moment, the emotionless voice of the system announced—
?The game has been cleared — The game has been cleared — The game...?

Chapter 24
When I regained consciousness, I found myself in an otherworldly place.
Here, the sunset made the entire sky seem as if it was burning.
I was standing on a thick crystal floor. The orange clouds rolled past slowly beneath the transparent tiles. When I raised my head, I could see a sky dyed by the sunset reach as far as the horizon. As it spread outwards, the endless skies faded from bright orange, to a bloody red, then to a shade of purple. I could also faintly hear the wind blowing.
It was a small, round disk of crystal which floated amongst the clouds in the empty skies; here I stood on its edge.
...What is this place? My body should have disappeared after shattering. Was I still in SAO... or did I arrive in the afterlife?
I examined my own body. The leather coat, long gloves, and all my other equipment were the same as before I had died, except that everything had become somewhat transparent. It wasn't just my equipment either, as even the exposed sections of my body shined with the sunset colors as if it was made of semi-transparent glass.
I raised my right hand and waved a finger about. A window appeared with the familiar sound effect. So, this place was still inside SAO.
But the window contained neither an avatar nor a menu list. The blank screen showed only the message [Executing the Final Phase, 54% completed]. As I stared at it, the number went up to 55%. I had originally thought that my mind would die alongside the destruction of my body, but what was going on here?
As I shrugged and closed the window, I suddenly heard a voice behind me.
“Kirito-kun...”
It was like a voice from heaven. Shock coursed through my body.
Please don't let this be my imagination— I begged as I slowly turned around.
She stood there with the burning sky behind her.
Her long hair was drifting softly in the wind. But even though her gentle, smiling face was within my arms' reach, I could not move the slightest.
It felt as if she would disappear if my gaze left her even for a second— so I simply kept staring at her in silence. She was also semi-transparent, and was the most beautiful thing in the world as she stood there, shining in the light of the setting sun.
I forcibly held back my tears and managed to form a smile. In an almost-whispered voice, I said:
“Sorry. I died as well...”
“...Idiot.”
Tears ran down her face as she said this with a smile. I spread my arms wide open and gently called out her name:
“Asuna...”
I held her tightly as she flew into my arms and cried. I swore that I wouldn't let go again. No matter what happened, I would never ever let go again.
After a long kiss, we finally managed to pull our faces apart to look at each other. There were so many things about the final battle that I wanted to talk to her about, that I wanted to apologize to her about. But I felt like there was no longer any need for words. Instead, I shifted my gaze towards the endless skies and opened my mouth:
“This... Just what is this place?”
Asuna silently turned her gaze downwards and pointed with her fingers. I looked in that direction.
Far below where we were— something floated in the skies. It was shaped like a cone with the tip cut off. It was made from numerous floors overlapping one another. As I focused my eyes, I could even see the small mountains, forests, lakes, and cities.
“Aincrad...”
Asuna nodded as I muttered this. There was no mistaking it. It was Aincrad. The huge floating castle drifted amongst the endless skies. We had spent two years fighting within that world of swords and battles, yet now it was below us.
I had seen the outside of Aincrad before I came to this world in some information about SAO. But this was the first time that I saw its outside with my own two eyes. I held my breath as an awe-inspiring feeling overcame me.
The steel castle— was being destroyed.
Even as we watched silently, a section of the lowest floor scattered into countless shards. As I focused my ears to listen, I could still hear the thunderous noise dispersing amongst the winds.
“Ah...”
Asuna exclaimed softly. A large portion of the lower floors broke off, and the countless buildings, trees, and rivers all fell off and disappeared into the sea of clouds. Our house was somewhere in that area. I felt a bittersweet sorrow pierce my chest each time a floor of the castle that held two years' worth of memories disappeared.
I sat down at the edge of the platform with Asuna in my arms.
I was feeling unusually calm. Even though I didn't know what had happened to us or what was going to happen now, I didn't feel the slightest bit of anxiety. I had accomplished what I had to do, and for that I lost my virtual life and was now watching the end of this world with the girl I loved. This was enough— my heart was content.
Asuna must have felt the same way. Within my arms, she watched Aincrad collapse with her eyes half open. I softly stroked her hair.
“An impressive sight.”
Suddenly I could hear a voice beside us. When Asuna and I turned to the right, we saw a man standing there.
It was Kayaba Akihiko.
He appeared not as the red paladin Heathcliff, but in his real form as the developer of SAO. He wore a white shirt with a necktie and white overalls on top. Only the two metallic eyes on his sharp face felt exactly the same. But those two eyes were filled with a gentle light as they looked upon the disappearing castle. His body was also semi-transparent like ours.
Even though I had fought to the death with this man just minutes prior, my calmness continued to persist after seeing him. Maybe we had left behind all of our anger and hate in Aincrad before we came to this place. I turned my gaze away from Kayaba and back onto the castle.
“What exactly is going on?”
“Perhaps you can call it... a metaphorical rendering.”
Kayaba's voice was also quite peaceful.
“Currently, the SAO mainframe that's stationed in the 5th basement floor of Argus headquarters is in the midst of erasing all data from its memory banks. In another ten minutes, this world will be completely erased.”
“What about the people who lived there... what happened to them?”
Asuna suddenly asked.
“There's no need to worry. Just a moment ago—”
Kayaba moved his right hand and took a glance at the window that appeared.
“All of the remaining 6,147 players have been successfully logged out.”
Then this meant Klein, Agil, and all the other people whom I had come to know during these two years had managed to return safely to the other side.
I firmly closed my eyes and allowed my tears to flow before asking:
“...What about those who died? Both of us are already dead, yet we continue to exist here. Doesn't that mean you can return the other four thousand dead to the original world as well?”
Kayaba's expression didn't change. He closed the window, put his hands into his pockets, and then said:
“Life can't be recovered so easily. Their consciousness will never return. The dead will disappear— this fact remains true in every world. I created this place only because I wanted to talk with you two— one last time.”
Was that something that somebody who had killed four thousand people should be saying? Although I thought that, I didn't feel any anger for some strange reason. Instead, another question popped into my mind. It was a fundamental question which all the players, no, everyone who knew about this incident would have asked.
“Why— did you do this...?”
I could feel Kayaba smile bitterly. After a long silence, he finally spoke:
“Why—? I had forgotten a long time ago. Just why did I do it? Ever since I found out that a FullDive system was being created— No, even before that, I had wanted to build that castle, a place that exceeded the limits set upon the real world. Then, in those final moments... I saw even the rules of my world being surpassed as well...”
Kayaba first turned his peaceful eyes towards me, and then immediately shifted them away.
Kayaba's overalls and Asuna's hair fluttered as the wind grew stronger. Half of the castle had already been destroyed. Algade, a city full of my memories, was being scattered into the wind and absorbed by the clouds.
Kayaba continued to speak:
“Don't we all have many dreams since the time we were kids? I have already forgotten how old I was when the image of a steel castle floating in the skies began to enrapture me... it was a vision that didn't fade from my mind no matter how much time passed. As I grew older, the image became more and more realistic, more and more expansive. Leaving the real world and flying straight into this castle... that was my only dream for a long time. You know, Kirito-kun, I still believe— that in some other world, this castle really does exist—”
Suddenly, I felt as if I had been born in that world, where I dreamed of becoming a swordsman. The boy would one day meet a girl with hazelnut-brown eyes. The two would fall in love, finally get married, and live happily ever after in a small house in the middle of a forest—
“Yeah... That would be be nice.”
I murmured. Asuna nodded in my arms as well.
Silence returned between us. I turned my gaze towards the distance again and saw that other parts of the castle had begun to collapse. I could see the endless sea of clouds and red skies being consumed by a white light far away. The erosion began in all directions and was slowly coming this way.
“Ah, I forgot to mention this. Kirito-kun, Asuna-kun... Congratulations on clearing the game.”
We looked up at Kayaba when he said this. He looked down upon us with a calm expression on his face.
“Well then— I should be going now.”
The wind blew and seemingly swept away his figure— by the time we noticed, he was no longer anywhere in sight. Only the red setting sun continued to shine through the crystal plate. We were alone once again.
I wonder where he went? Did he return to the real world?
No— He wouldn't have. He would have erased his own mind and left to find the real Aincrad in some other world.
Only the top part of the castle remained now. The 76th floor that we never had a chance to see started to collapse. The veil of light that was erasing this world gradually approached us. As the wavering aura touched the clouds and the skies, they disappeared and returned to nothingness.
I could see the red palace and its magnificent spires on the highest floor of Aincrad. If the game had proceeded as planned, we would have fought there against the final boss, Heathcliff.
Even as the foundation of the top floor disappeared, the ownerless palace continued to float in the air as if resisting its fate. The red palace that was left in the middle of the orange sky seemed like the heart of the floating castle.
Eventually, the destruction engulfed the red palace as well. It broke apart, starting from the bottom and travelling upwards, and scattered into innumerable fragments before disappearing amongst the clouds. The highest tower disappeared at almost the same time as when the veil of light consumed its surroundings. The enormous castle of Aincrad had been completely destroyed, and all that remained in this world were a few clouds and this small platform where Asuna and I sat.
We probably didn't have much time remaining. We were using only the short period of time that Kayaba had given us. With the destruction of this world, the Nerve Gear would carry out its final function and erase all that remained of us.
I placed my hands on Asuna's cheeks and slowly pressed my lips over hers. This was our final kiss. I sought to use up every last second and engrave her very being onto my soul.
“I suppose this is goodbye...”
Asuna shook her head.
“No, it isn't. We'll be disappearing together. So, we'll be together, forever.”
She whispered in a clear voice before turning around in my arms to stare straight at me. Then she tilted her head a little and smiled.
“Hey, can you tell me your name Kirito-kun? Your real name?”
I didn't understand at first, but then I realized that she meant my name in the other world which I had left behind two years ago.
It felt as if the days where I had lived with another name and another life were tales from some distant world. I spoke my name as it drifted up from the bottom of my memory, feeling somehow emotional.
“Kirigaya... Kirigaya Kazuto. I should have turned sixteen last month.”
At that moment, I felt time started ticking for the other me. The mind of Kazuto, which had been deeply buried within the swordsman Kirito, drifted up slowly. I felt the hard armor that I had surrounded myself with in this world fall off piece by piece.
“Kirigaya...Kazuto-kun....”
Asuna voiced my name, concentrating on every syllable, then laughed with a slightly perplexed expression.
“So you're younger than me. I'm... Yuuki... Asuna. Seventeen this year.”
Yuuki... Asuna. Yuuki Asuna. I repeated these five syllables in my mind over and over again.
Suddenly, I became aware of the tears rolling down my cheeks.
My emotions began to shift at last in the middle of this perpetual sunset. A painful feeling coursed through my whole being, as if my heart was tearing apart. For the first time since my arrival in this world, tears flowed freely down my cheeks. I felt a lump in my throat, clenched both my hands, and began to cry loudly like a little kid.
“I'm sorry... sorry.... I promised...to send... you back... to the other side... but I...”
I wasn't able to continue. In the end, I couldn't save the person who was most precious to me. Because of my own weakness, her once bright and sunny path had come to a close. My regrets took the form of my tears and poured down endlessly from my eyes.
“It's alright... It's alright...”
Asuna was crying too. Her sparkling tears rolled down endlessly like small jewels before evaporating.
“I was really happy. The time I met Kazuto-kun, and lived together, was the most enjoyable time in my entire life. Thank you... I love you...”
The end of the world was right in front of us. The steel castle and the endless sea of clouds had all been erased by the bright light, leaving only the two of us behind.
Asuna and I hugged each other tightly, waiting for the final moment.
It felt as if our emotions were being purified by the light. All that remained inside of me was my love for Asuna. I continued to call out her name even as everything was being unraveled and scattered.
Light filled my vision. Everything was being covered by the pure white veil and disappeared after becoming tiny particles of light. Asuna's smile mixed in with the overflowing light that engulfed this world.
—I love you... I love you—
Her voice rang out like the sweet chiming of a bell as the last of my consciousness disappeared.
The final line that separated us disappeared and we became one.
Our souls seeped into each other, combined, and then scattered.
Finally, we disappeared.

Chapter 25
The air was a mixture of numerous odors.
The fact that I was still alive shocked me.
The air that flowed into my nose was bringing in an abundance of information. First came the stinging smell of disinfectant. Then came the smell of sun-dried cloth, the sweet aroma of fruits, and the odor of my own body.
I slowly opened my eyes. For a moment, it felt like two powerful white beams of light pierced deeply into my mind, so I quickly shut my eyes again.
Sometime later, I hesitantly tried to open my eyes again. A myriad of colors danced across my pupils. It was only then that I noticed that there was a large amount of liquid covering my eyes.
I blinked in an attempt to get rid of them. But the liquid kept flowing out. They were actually tears.
I was crying. Why? There was a fierce but deep feeling of pain and loss within my heart. Voices continued to echo within my ears, as if someone was calling my name.
I squinted my eyes against the strong light and finally managed to get rid of the tears.
It felt like I was lying on something soft. I could see something akin to ceiling tiles above me. There were rows of smooth, beige colored panels, several of which shined softly as if there were lights behind them. From the edge of my vision, I could see a metallic vent, where air was being blown out with a low sound.
An air conditioner... in other words, a machine. How could something like that be here? No smith could make a machine no matter how high their skill stats were. If what I saw was really a machine— then this place wasn't—
It wasn't Aincrad.
I opened my eyes widely. My mind was fully awoken from just that one thought. I hurried to raise my body—
But my body wouldn't listen at all. I couldn't apply any strength. Although my right shoulder went up by a couple of centimeters, it immediately fell back down.
Only my right hand managed to move. I raised it onto my body and then brought it in front of my eyes.
For a moment I couldn't believe that this emaciated arm was mine. There was no way I would be able to hold a sword with this. When I inspected the sickly white skin more closely, I could see countless tufts of body hair covering it. I could see the blue veins below the skin and the wrinkles at the joints. Everything felt frightening; it was so realistic, so biological that it felt abnormal.
On the inside of my wrist, a piece of tape held a needle in place, which had a long cord connected to it like it was used to inject something. My eyes followed the cord and came upon a transparent package that was held up by a silver stand. The pack was still two-thirds full with some orange liquid, which dripped away at a steady pace.
I moved my left hand and tried to grasp my sense of touch. It seemed that my entire body was naked and lying on top of a bed made of some high density gel material. Because its temperature was slightly lower than my body's, I could feel its coldness slowly creep up to me. Suddenly, a memory surfaced in my mind; I once saw on a news broadcast that this type of bed had been developed for patients who couldn't move. It had the ability to prevent infections to the skin and break down disposed bodily wastes.
I looked around at my surroundings. It was a small room. The wall was of the same plain white color as the ceiling. There was an extraordinarily large window to my right with white curtains drawn over it. I couldn't see the scenery outside, but I could see the yellow sunlight shine straight through the fabric. A four-wheeled metal trolley parked to the far left of the gel bed, and a rattan basket laid on top of it. A bouquet of plain-looking flowers was inside the basket, which seemed to be the source of the sweet aroma. Past the trolley was a closed, rectangular door.
Based on all of this information, this place should be a hospital ward, and I was the only one here.
I returned my gaze to my raised right hand and suddenly thought of something. I waved my right hand with my index and middle fingers pressed together.
Nothing happened. There was neither a sound effect nor a menu screen. I waved again with a bit more strength, then again. The outcome was the same each time.
So, this really wasn't SAO. Then was it some other virtual reality?
But the information flooding through my five senses already shouted to me that there was another possibility. This— was the real world. It was the world I had left two years ago and never expected to see again.
The real world— It took me a long time to understand the meaning behind these simple words. For me, the world of swords and battles had been my only reality for a long time. I still couldn't believe that the other world was no longer there, that I was no longer in that world.
Then, have I returned?
—Even when I thought of that, I didn't really feel happy or anything. All I felt was a bit of confusion and a sense of loss.
Was this the reward that Kayaba had mentioned for clearing the game? I had clearly died within that world and my body had been completely erased. I had accepted that. I even felt content about it.
Yeah— It would have been fine if I had just disappeared like that. In that bright light, dissolving, scattering, and then melting away with the rest of the world, together with her—
“Ah...”
I subconsciously made a noise. A strong pain pierced the throat that hadn't been used in two years. But I didn't care about that in the slightest. I opened my eyes widely and said one word, the one name that appeared in my mind.
“A...su...na...”
Asuna. The pain that was etched onto my heart flared up once again. Asuna, my beloved wife, who watched the end of the world together with me...
Had it all been a dream...? A beautiful illusion that I saw in a virtual world...? These confused thoughts suddenly appeared in my mind.
No, she did exist. There was no way that all those days we had spent laughing, crying, and sleeping together had been a dream.
Kayaba had said— “Congratulations on clearing the game Kirito-kun, Asuna-kun.” He had definitely said that. If he had included me in the list of survivors, then Asuna should have came back to this world as well.
As soon as I thought this, my love and my yearning for her overflowed inside me. I wanted to meet her. I wanted to touch her hair. I wanted to kiss her. I wanted to hear her voice calling my name.
I strained all the muscles in my body and tried to get up. Only then did I realize that my head was strapped down. I fumbled around with my fingers before finding a belt clasp below my chin and undoing it. There was something heavy on my head. I used both my hands and barely managed to take it off.
I sat up and stared at the thing in my hands. It was a smooth, deep blue helmet. A wire of the same color stretched out of a long pad at the back and went all the way down to the floor. It was—
Nerve Gear. I had been stuck in that world for two years because of this. Its power had been turned off. My last memory of it had been that of a shining helmet; but now the color had faded. Bits of it had come off and you could see the metal alloy that it was made of.
All my memories of the other world were held within this— I was suddenly seized by this thought and caressed the surface of the helmet.
I suppose I would never be putting this on again. But it fulfilled its purpose really well...
I muttered in my mind before placing the helmet on the bed. The days when I fought together with it were already a thing of the past. There was something else I needed to do in this world now.
I was suddenly aware of the noises outside. When I strained my ears, I could hear various sounds, as if they were telling me that my hearing had finally returned to normal.
I definitely heard the voices of people talking and shouting. I also heard the sounds of hurried footsteps and the wheels of beds as they were moved.
There was no way to know if Asuna was in this hospital. SAO players came from all across Japan, so the chances of her being here were low. But I would begin my search here. No matter how long it took, I would definitely find her.
I pulled the blanket off of me. There were numerous cords spread across my weak body. Maybe they were electrodes placed to slow down the degeneration of my muscles. I managed to pull all of them off. An orange LED flickered on the panel at the edge of my bed and a loud alarm went off, but I ignored all of this.
I pulled the IV drip needle out and finally freed my body. Then I placed my feet on the floor and slowly applied my strength in an attempt to stand up. My body rose bit by bit, but it felt like my knees would give way any minute and this made me smile bitterly; my superhuman strength stat was nowhere to be found.
I grabbed onto the IV drip stand for support and finally managed to stand up. Looking around the room, I found a folded hospital gown on the same tray as the basket of flowers and put it on.
After completing these simple movements, my breath was already ragged. The muscles that I hadn't used for two years were already protesting with pain. But I can't complain so easily.
Quickly, quickly. I could hear a voice urging me to keep going. My whole being longed for her. My fight wasn't over until I had Asuna— Yuuki Asuna in my arms.
With a tight grip on the stand instead of a sword, I leaned my body against it and took my first step towards the door.
"Please......Don't leave me alone......Pina......"
Two lines of tears streamed down Silica's cheeks, as scattered grains of light burst from the big feather on the ground.
That pale blue feather was the remains of her sole friend and partner for a long time, the familiar «Pina». Just a few minutes ago, Pina died protecting Silica. Given a mortal wound by the monster's weapon, it gave out a cry in a sad voice before shattering like ice. Leaving only its long tail feather which had always waved happily whenever its name was called——
Part 1
Silica was one of the rare «Beast Tamers» in SAO, or perhaps it was more accurate to say 'was once'. Her familiar, the symbol of a beast tamer, was no longer here.
A beast tamer wasn't a class or skill given by the system, but a term used by the players.
On rare occasions, aggressive monsters would show interest in players. If you didn't miss the chance, you could successfully tame the monster by giving it something to eat. The monster would then become the player's «Familiar» and serve as a valuable ally who supports the player in various ways. Players referred to those who had succeeded in doing so as beast tamers with a mix of praise and envy.
Of course, not all monsters can become familiars; only a very limited variety of small monsters could. The conditions to trigger the event weren't all that clear, but the only one that everyone was sure about was that the event wouldn't occur if the player killed too many of the monster type.
This was a rather hard condition when you think about it. Even if one tried to get a familiar by repeatedly meeting them, the monsters were aggressive and the player can't avoid entering a fight with them. In other words, if one wished to become a beast tamer, they would have to keep meeting with the monster, and if the event didn't occur they would have to keep running away. It wasn't hard to imagine just how annoying all that would be.
You could say that Silica was very lucky on this matter.
With no knowledge of this, she had entered some forest without any reason on a floor she visited just because she felt like it. The first monster she had met didn't attack her, but merely approached her. She then gave it a peanut that she had bought the day before without much thought, and it just happened to be a food that the monster liked.
The monster was a «Feathery Dragon». Its whole body was covered in soft, pale blue feathers, and it had two long feathers instead of a tail. The small dragon was a very rare monster to come across. Perhaps Silica had been the first to succeed in taming it, as it immediately became the subject of much interest when she went back to her hometown «Friben» on the eighth floor with it sitting on her shoulder. The next day, countless players had attempted to tame a Feathery Dragon after listening to Silica's information, but none of them managed to succeed.
Silica had named the small dragon «Pina». It was the same name that she gave to a cat she had in the real world.
Familiar monsters were known to have low stats when it comes to actual combat and Pina was no different. But they had a number of special skills instead: a scanning ability that warned the player of approaching monsters, a skill that healed the player a little, and so on. They were all pretty useful and made day-to-day hunting much easier. But what Silica was most happy about was the warmth and comfort that Pina's very existence brought.
The AI of a familiar wasn't that great. Of course, it couldn't talk, and it could only understand a couple dozen commands. But to Silica, who had entered the game when she was only twelve and was being crushed by fear and nervousness, Pina was a savior that was hard to explain with words. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that Silica's «Adventure» — which meant actually «Living» here — had started with Pina.
After a year, Silica and Pina had leveled up smoothly and her skill as a dagger user had become quite good. It made her rather famous amongst the middle level players as one of their best.
Of course, she was still a far cry from the top class warriors who fought on the front lines; but in some ways, those few hundred players who were set on clearing the game amongst the seven thousand total players were harder to see than beast tamers. Therefore, becoming famous among the average players was pretty much the same as becoming one of the idols in the game.
Because female players were rather rare, especially given her age, it didn't take long for «Dragon Master Silica» to become a famous player with numerous fans. She received endless invitations from parties and guilds who wanted an idol player and it was unavoidable for the thirteen year old Silica to become overproud of herself. But in the end, that pride caused her to commit a grave mistake, and she couldn't turn back no matter how much she regretted it.
A fight over a minor detail started everything.
Silica was in a vast forest on the north of the thirty-fifth floor, known as «The Forest of Wandering», with a party that she had met two weeks back. At that point, the front line was already far away on the fifty-fifth floor, so the thirty-fifth floor had already been cleared. But the top class warriors didn't care about anything except clearing the labyrinth area, so sub-dungeons like «The Forest of Wandering» was a popular target for the average player.
Since the six-player party that Silica had joined was made of skilled warriors, they had fought since morning and found quite a lot of items, including a number of treasure chests. But when the sun began to set and everyone was running out of healing potions, they started to make their way back to the living area. A slim female player who wielded a spear then said something, perhaps in order to keep Silica in check.
"We'll be handing around the items after we get back. But since your lizard heals you, you won't be needing the healing crystals right?"
Silica felt offended and struck back.
"You don't even come out to the front and only hang around the back of the group, so you don't use crystals anyway."
After that, the bickering had intensified, and the attempts of the team leader, a sword-and-shield wielder, to stop it had been totally ignored. In the end, Silica said in anger:
"I don't need the items. I'll never party with you again. There're plenty of people who want to party with me anyway!"
Ignoring the leader's suggestion to at least stay with the party until they were out of the forest and back in the living area, she left the group and walked aimlessly down a small track.
Even if she were solo, she had already mastered seventy percent of her dagger skill and also had Pina to back her up, so the monsters on the thirty-fifth floor weren't a problem for her. She would have been able to get through the forest and back to the living area without any problems. That is, if she hadn't gotten lost.
The forest wasn't called «The Forest of Wandering» for nothing.
The huge forest was full of large, towering trees and was divided into areas like a chess board; one minute after you set foot into an area, it would be randomly linked via warp to a whole new set of areas. If you wanted to get out of the forest, you had to either get through each area within a minute each, or buy an expensive map from a shop in the living area, which checked the areas your location is currently linked to as you made your way through the forest.
But the only person with a map was the leader. Since using a teleport crystal within The Forest of Wandering only teleported you to another area in the forest instead of back to the city, Silica had to attempt getting through each area. But running around the enormous tree roots and following the ever-meandering forest trail proved harder than she had thought.
Silica had decided to keep going north, but the minute mark kept passing just before she could reach the end of the area, and she ended up being warped to some random area again and again. Soon she was nearing the point of collapsing from the fatigue. The red light of the setting sun deepened and she felt increasingly anxious as the skies darkened and her chances of leaving the dungeon grew more unlikely.
Eventually, Silica gave up on running and began to walk, hoping that she would end up at an area at the edge of the forest by chance. But luck wasn't on her side, and numerous monsters attacked her as she stumbled on. Even with her huge level advantage, as the day grew darker she couldn't even see what was on the ground very well. Although she had Pina to help her, she wasn't able to get out of every fight unscathed and eventually used up not only her remaining potions but also her emergency healing crystals.
As if it sensed Silica's nervousness, Pina stroked her cheek with its head as it purred on her shoulder. Silica regretted her rashness and pride that had gotten her into this situation while she stroked her partner's long neck in a comforting manner.
She muttered in her mind as she walked:
"I'm sorry. I won't think that I'm special again. So please let me get out of this forest the next time I warp."
She stepped into another distorted warp zone as she prayed. After a brief wave of dizziness, what appeared in front of her was the same deep forest she had seen every other time. There wasn't even a hint of the plains in the darkness past all the tall trees.
As the disappointed Silica began to walk again, Pina quickly raised its head and gave a sharp cry. It was a warning. Silica immediately drew her dagger and raised it towards the direction that Pina had been looking at.
A few seconds later, a low growl could be heard behind a huge, moss-covered tree. As Silica focused her gaze, a yellow cursor appeared. There were a few of them. Two, no... three. The monsters' name was «Drunk Ape». They were one of the strongest monsters in The Forest of Wandering. Silica bit her lip.
Even if that were the case—
They weren't all that dangerous if one looked at only the level.
When middle class players, such as Silica, went out onto the field, it was common sense to be several levels higher than the monsters that appear. Normally, they needed to be on a high enough level to defeat five monsters without any healing items on your own.
The reason was that, unlike the top class warriors on the frontlines, the middle class players went on adventures to earn enough col to get by, to gain just enough experience to stay with the average level range, and lastly to simply relieve boredom. Among these reasons, not one was worth risking your life for. In fact, there were still about a thousand players in the «Starting City» who refused to raise the chances of dying by even a little.
But one needed a regular source of income to eat and sleep. Furthermore, all MMORPG players had this disease-like quirk which made them feel insecure if they weren't at least on an average level. Because of this, after about a year and a half since the game started, the main body of players now journeyed onto the field with a huge level advantage to enjoy adventuring in this world.
Therefore, the Drunk Apes, which boasted of being one of the strongest monsters on the thirty-fifth floor, weren't really a challenge for Silica; at least that was how it should have been.
Silica raised her dagger as she forced her mind to concentrate. Pina also floated upwards as it prepared for battle.
The monsters that appeared from behind the tree were anthropoids covered with dark red fur. They held a crude club in the right hand and some sort of gourd with a string tied around it in their left hand.
As the apes raised their clubs and bared their teeth to roar, Silica rushed towards the one in front to make the first strike. She got a clean hit in and took off quite a chunk of its HP with «Rapid Bite», a middle class charge-type dagger skill, and then went into one of the high speed combos that was one of the greatest advantages of wielding a dagger.
The Drunk Apes used low-level mace skills, and although each hit had formidable power, they lacked in speed and multi-hitting combos. Silica rained blows down on the Drunk Ape and then backed away quickly only to charge in again to start a new assault. After doing this several times, the HP of the Drunk Ape had greatly decreased within a short moment. Once in a while, Pina also used its bubble-like breath attack to confuse the opponent.
But just before she was about to launch her fourth skill «Fad Edge» and kill the first ape...
A new opponent came from behind it, switching with the first ape during the brief respite. Silica didn't have any choice but to switch her target and start attacking the second Ape. The first then backed away and tilted the gourd with its left hand—
Silica was shocked as she glanced at the HP bar of the first Drunk Ape. The HP bar was being filled back up at an amazing speed. It seemed as if the gourd held some sort of healing liquid.
She had faced Drunk Apes in the past on the thirty-fifth floor, but there were only two of them that time, and she eliminated both before they had a chance to switch, so she wasn't aware of this special skill. Silica gritted her teeth and concentrated on taking care of the second one properly.
But just as she knocked its HP bar into the red zone and widened the distance between them to start her last attack, the other ape switched with it. It was the third Drunk Ape. At that point the first one had almost completely filled its HP bar.
There would be no end to this if it continued on. Her mouth became dry with anxiety.
Silica had barely any experience fighting solo in the first place. Even if she had an overwhelming advantage in level, it was only a number; the player's actual skill was entirely another matter. The anxiety that had appeared in Silica's mind began to change into confusion. She started to miss more, which opened the room for her enemy to counterattack.
When she managed to lower the third Drunk Ape's HP to about half, her attempt to keep performing combos caused her to overreach. The ape didn't miss that opportunity and counterattacked, which landed a critical blow.
The wooden club was crudely made, but the basic damage from its weight combined with the Drunken Ape's strength stat caused Silica's HP to go down by almost thirty percent. A chill ran down her spine.
The fact that she had run out of healing potions added to her nervousness. Pina's breath restored about ten percent of her HP, but it wasn't something Pina could use very often. Even with that, if she were hit three more times by such an attack — she would die.
Death. Silica froze as soon as that possibility flashed through her mind. Her arm wouldn't go up. Her legs wouldn't move.
Up till now, fighting had been thrilling, but it had been far from actual danger. She had never thought that it was linked to actual «Death» before—
As she stood frozen in front of the Drunk Ape who roared and raised its club again, Silica realized for the first time what fighting with monsters in SAO actually meant. It was a contradiction; SAO was a game, but at the same time it wasn't something to be played.
With the dull sound of a club rushing through the air, it struck her as she continued to stand rigidly. She couldn't take the impact and collapsed onto the ground. Her HP greatly decreased and entered the orange area.
She could no longer think of anything. She could run away. She could use a teleport crystal. There were still other choices she could make, but she simply looked at the club as the ape raised it a third time.
The crude weapon gave off a red glow, and just when she was about to close her eyes reflexively—
A small figure jumped into the space between her and the club. A heavy and chilling sound of impact sounded. The sky-blue feathers scattered in an instant as the small HP bar dropped down to zero.
Pina gazed at Silica with its round, blue eyes after it fell to the floor. It gave a weak growl and then scattered into countless polygons. A long tail feather floated down as if it were dancing.
Something inside Silica snapped. The thread that held her together had disappeared. Before the sadness could come, she felt anger: anger at herself for being unable to move after being hit just once; and before that, anger at herself for being conceited enough to attempt going through the forest alone just because she felt annoyed about a minor quarrel.
Silica stepped back with a lithe movement, avoiding the blow that the monster had swung at her. She then rushed in with a shout. The dagger in her right hand flashed as it rained blows down on the Ape.
She didn't even try to dodge the club of the Ape that had switched in after it saw the HP of its companion decrease, but instead blocked it with her left hand. Her HP decreased, although not by as much as a direct hit. But she ignored it and went after the third ape, the one that had killed Pina.
She used her small stature to her advantage, charged straight at the Ape, and dug her dagger into its chest with all her strength. With a flashy critical hit effect, the enemy's HP was reduced to nothing. A scream came first, and then the sound of shattering.
Within the scattering debris, Silica turned her body and charged at a new target. Her HP bar had already gone into the red danger area, but she didn't even care anymore. She saw only the enemy she had to kill, as if it were enlarged to fill her vision.
She forgot even her fear of death and was just about to attempt a doomed charge below the swinging club.
A pure white light slashed across the two Drunk Apes from behind them as they stood side by side.
The bodies of the two Apes were each split into two in an instant; then they shattered and disappeared.
As Silica stood numbly, she saw a male player just past the haze of scattering fragments. He had black hair and wore a black coat. He wasn't all that tall, but an overwhelming presence radiated from him. Silica stepped back as she felt an instinctive fear. Their eyes met.
But his eyes were silent and as deep as the darkness. The boy sheathed his one-handed sword back into the scabbard on his back with a clank and then opened his mouth.
"I'm sorry. I couldn't save your friend"
Strength left her body as soon as she heard this. She couldn't stop the tears running down her cheeks. She didn't even register her dagger slipping out of her hand and falling onto the ground. As soon as she saw the sky-blue feather on the ground, she fell to her knees in front of it.
As her anger disappeared, an uncontrollable sadness and loss rushed out. They formed in the shape of tears and rolled down her cheeks relentlessly.
Familiars weren't programmed to stop an attack as part of its normal behavior. Pina had rushed in front of the attack of its own free will — it could be called the result of its love towards Silica, whom it had spent a year with.
As Silica clutched herself, she muttered while crying.
"Please... don't leave me alone... Pina..."
But the sky-blue feather didn't give any sort of reply.


Part 2
“...I'm sorry.”
The boy clad in black clothing said again. Silica shook her head and tried desperately to stop her tears.
“...No... I was... being stupid... Thank you...for saving me...”
She managed to force just that out as she stopped herself from crying.
The boy walked over to her slowly and knelt down in front of Silica before asking hesitantly.
“...That feather, does it have an item name by any chance?”
Surprised by the unexpected question, Silica raised her head. She wiped her tears and then turned her gaze over to the feather.
Now that she thought about it, it was strange that only the feather had remained. Be it monster or human, beings of this world usually left nothing behind after they died, not even their equipment. Silica hesitantly reached over with her hand and clicked on the surface of the feather with her right index finger. The half-transparent window that appeared showed its name and weight.
«Pina's Heart»
Just as Silica was about to start crying again after seeing this, the boy stopped her.
“Wa-Wait-Wait. If a heart item is left behind, then you can revive it.”
“What!?”
Silica raised her head sharply. She stared at the boy's face with her mouth half open.
“It's something that was discovered not too long ago, so there are still lots of people who don't know. There's a dungeon in the northern region of the forty-seventh floor called «The Hill of Memories». It's quite hard despite its name... but they say that the flower that blooms on the top of it is a familiar revival ite—.”
“Re-Really!?”
Silica shot up and shouted before the boy had finished talking. It felt as if hope had flooded her chest, which had been filled with sorrow. But—
“...The forty-seventh floor...”
She muttered and sagged her shoulders. It was twelve floors above this level, floor thirty-five. It was definitely not a safe area for her.
Just when she turned her disheartened eyes to the floor.
“Hmm—”
The boy in front of her said in a bothered voice.
“I could go get it for you if you give me the expenses and some pay, but they say that the flower only shows up if the beast tamer who lost their familiar goes...”
Silica smiled at the surprisingly kind swordsman and spoke:
“No... I'm happy with the information you gave me. If I work hard to raise my level, someday I'll be able to...”
“Well the reason you can't do that is, they say that you can only revive the familiar within four days after it was killed. After that, the item's name will change from «Heart» to «Remains»...”
“What...!”
Silica couldn't stop herself from shouting.
Her level was forty-four right now. If SAO were a normal RPG, the floor of the dungeon would be the suited difficulty for a player with the same level. But since it became a crazy death-game, the safe area would be about ten levels below the player's.
In other words, to explore the forty-seventh floor, she would need to reach level fifty-five at the very least. But no matter how she thought about it, it was impossible to gain over ten levels in just three days... no, two days if she took away the time she needed to clear the dungeon. She had just managed to get to where she is now by diligently going on adventures.
Silica dropped her head as despair took over her once again. She picked Pina's feather up from the ground and hugged it gently to her chest. Tears appeared as she resented her stupidity and powerlessness.
She noticed the boy stand up. She thought he was leaving and that she should at least say goodbye, but she didn't have the energy to open her mouth any more—
But suddenly, a half-transparent system window appeared in front of her. It was a trade window. When she raised her head, she saw the boy manipulating another window. Items began to appear one by one in the trade section. «Silver Thread Armor», «Ebon Dagger»... They were all equipments that she had never even seen before.
“Errm...”
When she opened her mouth hesitantly, the boy explained casually:
“These should cover for about five, six levels. If I go with you I suppose it'll be fine.”
“What...?”
Silica stood up with her mouth slightly open. She couldn't tell what the boy was thinking, so she looked directly into his face. But because of the SAO system, all she could see was his HP bar; she couldn't even figure out his name or level.
It was hard to tell how old he was. His equipment was entirely black. The force and calmness that radiated from him made it seem like he was several years older than her, but the eyes that were covered by his long bangs appeared somewhat innocent, and the feminine facial lines gave him a slightly girlish look. Silica asked carefully:
“Why... are you being so kind...?”
To tell the truth, she was more wary than anything else.
Up till now, a couple of male players who had been much older than her had tried to gain her love; she had even received a proposal once. To Silica, who was only thirteen, these experiences brought her nothing but fear. She had never received even a confession in the real world.
Inevitably, Silica had started to avoid male players that seemed to have those sorts of interests. Besides, «there's always a motive behind sweet words» was common sense in Aincrad.
The boy scratched his head again, as if he were short on answers. He opened his mouth to say something, but then closed it once again. After that, he turned his gaze and then muttered in a small voice:
“...Well, it's not like this is a manga... I'll tell you if you promise not to laugh.”
“I won't.”
“It's because... you look like my sister.”
At this really manga-like answer, Silica couldn't stop herself from laughing. She blocked her mouth with her hand, but she couldn't stop the laughter that was bubbling up.
“You, you said you wouldn't laugh...”
The boy had a hurt expression on his face and sagged his shoulders as he went into a sulk. That made her laugh even harder.


—He's not a bad person...
As she laughed, Silica decided to trust the kindness of this boy. She had already resolved herself to die once. If it were for saving Pina, there was no reason for her to hold back.
Silica bowed and said:
“I hope we get along. You saved me, and even offered to do something like this for me...”
She stared at the trade window and then put in all the Col she had. There were more than ten pieces of equipment that the boy had offered, and all of them looked like rare items that you couldn't buy from shops.
“Well... I suppose this is too little, but...”
“No, you don't have to pay. They were spares anyway and this coincides with the reason I came here...”
While he talked about something that she couldn't understand, the boy pressed the OK button without receiving any money.
“Thank you. Really.... Oh, I'm Silica.”
As she said her name, she half-expected the boy to be surprised by it, but it seemed like he didn't know it. She felt put out for a second, but then she remembered that it was this side of her that made her end up like this in the first place.
The boy nodded slightly and offered his right hand.
“I'm Kirito. I hope we get along.”
They shook hands.
The player called Kirito took out a map of the Wandering Forest from the pouch that hung from his belt. He looked for an area that was linked to the entrance and then started walking. As she followed, she put Pina's feather against her lips and muttered in her mind.
Just wait, Pina. I'll revive you soon...

The living area of the thirty-fifth floor had a pastoral, farm-like feel with its white buildings and red roofs. The village itself wasn't all that big, but it was the main adventuring area for the middle level players right now, so there were quite a few people walking around.
Silica's hometown was Friben Village, which was situated on the eighth floor; but since she hadn't bought a house, staying at any inn in any village wasn't really all that different. The most important thing was how the food served there tasted. Silica liked the cheesecake that the NPC cook here made, so she had been staying here since two weeks ago when she began adventuring in the Forest of Wandering.
As she lead Kirito, who was looking around as if everything fascinated him, a couple of players whose faces she knew began to strike up a conversation with her. They were trying to get Silica to join their party after hearing the rumor that she had left her old one.
“Erm, well... thank you for the offer, but...”
She bowed as she refused the offers in order to not make them feel bad. She then glanced at Kirito, who was standing beside her, and continued:
“...I'm going to party with this person for a while...”
What!? Really!? The people who surrounded Silica said sullenly and stared at Kirito suspiciously.
Silica had seen a bit of Kirito's skill; but when you looked at the black swordsman just standing there, he didn't seem all that strong.
He didn't have any expensive equipment on —he didn't wear any armor and only had an old and worn-looking long coat on top of his shirt— all he had was a single simple one-handed sword; he didn't even have a shield.
“Hey, you—”
The tall two-handed sword user who had tried the hardest to get Silica to join walked over to Kirito. He opened his mouth as he looked down upon Kirito:
“You're a new face, but you shouldn't cut in line. We've had our eyes on Silica for quite a while now.”
“Well I didn't know; things just ended up like this somehow...”
Kirito scratched his head with a troubled expression.
He could at least argue a little, Silica thought with a little discontent, and then she spoke to the two-handed sword wielder:
“Erm, it's something I requested. I'm sorry!”
Silica bowed low one last time and then walked away as she pulled at the end of Kirito's coat.
“I'll send you a message next time~.”
Silica walked quickly, wanting to get away from the waving crowd, which still wouldn't completely give up on her, as fast as possible. She cut across the gate plaza and into the main street.
When they finally couldn't see the players anymore, Silica sighed and looked up at Kirito.
“...I-I'm sorry. For making you go through all this trouble.”
“It's fine.”
Kirito answered with a slight smile as if it didn't worry him at all.
“Silica-san is pretty popular.”
“Please just call me Silica... It's not because I'm popular; they're just trying to get me in their party as a sort of mascot, really. But... I thought that I was special... and went into the forest by myself... and ended up...”
Tears began to appear naturally as she thought of Pina.
“It's alright.”
Kirito said in a calm voice.
“We'll definitely bring Pina back, so don't worry about it.”
Silica wiped her tears and smiled at Kirito. Strangely enough, it felt like she could trust the words of this person.
Finally, they could see a two-story building to their right. It was the inn that Silica used often: «Weathercock Tavern». Now that they had arrived, Silica realized that she had led Kirito here without saying anything.
“Ah, where's your home, Kirito-san?”
“Oh, it's on the fiftieth floor.... But it's too much of a bother going there now, so I suppose I'll just stay here for the night.”
“Ah, okay!”
Silica was excited for some reason and clapped her hands together.
“The cheesecake here is really good.”
She was just about to lead Kirito into the inn by pulling at his coat when four players came out of the shop next to them. They were the party members whom she had hunted with for the past two weeks. The male players that appeared first didn't see Silica and simply headed for the plaza, but the female player at the end looked back and Silica met her gaze reflexively.
“...!”
It was the face that she didn't want to see the most right now. It was the spear wielder that had been the cause of the fight which had made Silica quit the party. She was going to just walk into the inn with her head bowed low but...
“Oh, isn't it Silica?”
The spear wielder called out, so Silica didn't have a choice but to stop walking.
“...Yeah.”
“Ho~, you somehow managed to get out of the forest. That's a relief.”
The player named Rosalia, who had her deep red hair in wild curls, said with a lopsided smile.
“But you're too late. We've already distributed the items.”
“I said I don't need them! —I'm busy right now so goodbye!”
Silica tried to end the conversation, but it seemed that the other side didn't have any intention of letting her go just yet.
“Oh? What happened to that lizard?”
Silica bit her lip. You couldn't put familiars in your inventory or entrust it to another person. In other words, there was only one reason why it wasn't there. Rosalia most probably knew that too, but she continued on with a slight smile.
“Oh, by any chance...?”
“It's dead.... But!”
Silica glared at the spear wielder.
“I'm going to revive Pina!”
Rosalia, who had been smiling with great satisfaction, widened her eyes. She even gave a low whistle.
“Ho, so you're going to the «Hill of Memories»? But can you get through it at your level?”
“She can.”
Kirito declared even before Silica could answer. He hid Silica behind his coat as if to protect her.
“It's not that hard of a dungeon anyway.”
Rosalia looked up and down at Kirito with a blunt stare and then scoffed:
“You're another one that fell for her? You don't look all that strong.”
Silica started shaking with fury. She looked downwards as she tried to hold her tears back.
“Let's go.”
Kirito placed a hand on her shoulder, and then Silica began to walk towards the inn.
“Well, good luck.”
Rosalia's laughing voice sounded behind her, but she didn't look back.

The first floor of «Weathercock Tavern» was a huge restaurant. Kirito got Silica to sit down at a table and then walked over to the front counter where a NPC was waiting. After he finished checking in, he clicked the menu on the counter and then quickly returned.
As soon as Kirito sat down on the other side, Silica opened her mouth to apologize for making Kirito go through such an uncomfortable situation because of her. But Kirito stopped her by raising his hand and then smiled.
“Let's eat first.”
The waiter brought two steaming mugs over just in time. The cups in front of them were filled with a red liquid; a mysterious aroma rose from them.
“To the forming of our party.”
They clinked their mugs together at Kirito's toast. Silica then took a sip of the hot liquid.
“...Tasty...”
The smell and sour-sweet taste was similar to the wine that her father had let her try a long time ago. But Silica already had a go at every drink offered in this restaurant over the past two weeks, yet she couldn't remember trying this one.
“Erm, what is this...?”
Kirito smiled before he answered:
“You can bring bottled drinks with you to NPC restaurants. This is an item that I had called «Ruby Ichor». If you drink a cup of it, it will increase your dexterity by one point.”
“It's-It's really precious...!”
“Well, it's not like alcohol gets any better if I keep it in my inventory, and I don't know that many people so I don't have many chances to drink it...”
Kirito gave a silly shrug. Silica laughed and then took another sip. The somehow nostalgic taste slowly softened her heart, which had hardened because of the many sad things that had happened this day.
After she finished drinking, Silica held the cup to her chest as if she still longed for its warmth. She then turned her gaze downwards to the table and said quietly:
“...Why... do they say such mean things...”
Kirito's expression turned serious as he put his cup down and then opened his mouth.
“Is SAO your first MMORPG?”
“It's my first.”
“Oh right— In any online game, there're many players whose personalities change when they wear the mask of their character. There are people who become kind, as well as others who become evil... They called it roleplaying in the past, but I think it's different in SAO.”
Kirito's gaze sharpened.
“Even though we're in such a difficult situation... Well, it's impossible for all the players to work together at clearing the game. But there are too many people who enjoy watching others suffer, stealing items— and even those who kill others.”
Kirito looked straight at Silica. There seemed to be a deep sadness behind his anger.
“I think that the people who commit crimes here are total garbage back in the real world as well.”
He almost spat this out. But then he noticed that Silica was cowering slightly, so he smiled and apologized:
“Sorry... I'm not even in the position to talk about others myself. I hardly ever help others. I even— caused my companions to die...”
“Kirito-san...”
Silica realized that the black swordsman sitting in front of her bore a deep scar within him. She wanted to console him, but she resented the fact that words were too shallow to convey what she wanted to say. Instead, she unconsciously grasped Kirito's hand, which was clenched on top of the table, with both of her hands.
“Kirito-san is a good person. You saved me.”
At first, Kirito was surprised and tried to pull his hand back, but he soon relaxed. A soft smile appeared on his lips.
“...It seems I ended up being comforted. Thanks, Silica.”
Just then, Silica felt a painful feeling, as if her heart had constricted. Her heartbeat sped up for no reason. Her face felt hot.
She pulled her hands away quickly and pressed them down on her chest. But the aching didn't stop.
“What are you doing...?”
As Kirito leaned forward over the table, Silica shook her head and managed to smile.
“It-It's nothing! Ah, I'm hungry!”

After they had eaten their bread and stew, with some cheesecake for dessert, it was already past eight. They decided to turn in early in preparation for going to the forty-seventh floor tomorrow. The two went upstairs to the second floor, where there were countless rooms on either side of the wide corridor.
The room that Kirito had rented was, by coincidence, next to Silica's. They bid each other good night with a smile.
As soon as she entered her room, Silica decided that before she got changed, she would practice some combos to familiarize herself with the new dagger that Kirito had given her. She tried to concentrate on the weapon, which was slightly heavier than the one she was used to, but the aching in her chest made it hard to.
After she somehow managed to chain five blows together, she opened her window, unequipped her gear, and then got into bed in her underwear. She then tapped on the wall to bring out the pop-up menu and switched off the lights.
She felt a heavy weariness all over her body, so she thought that she would be able to fall asleep easily. But for some reason, she felt even less drowsy than usual.
Ever since they had become friends, she had always gone to sleep with Pina's soft body in her arms, so the wide bed felt somewhat empty. She tossed and turned for a bit before she gave up on sleeping and sat back up. She kept looking towards her left— where the wall that was connected to Kirito's room stood.
She wanted to talk some more with him.
She was surprised at herself as she thought of this. This person was a male player whom she had known for less than a day. She had avoided male players up until now, but why did this swordsman she knew nothing about keep appearing in her mind?
She couldn't explain her own feelings. When she glanced at the clock, which was at the bottom of her vision, it was already ten. She could no longer hear the footsteps of other players from her window, only the sound of a dog barking in the distance.
'Well that doesn't make any sense, so let's just sleep.'
She thought that in her mind. But for some reason, she got out of bed and stepped lightly onto the floor. After telling herself that she would only knock and wave her hand, she opened the menu, chose the cutest tunic she had, and put it on.
She took a few steps in the candlelit corridor. Then, after hesitating for a few dozen seconds in front of the door, she knocked twice.
Normally, all doors should shield sounds off, preventing the voices in conversation from leaking out. However, that restriction was lifted only after knocks, for thirty seconds, and Kirito immediately called out a reply, and opened the door.
Kirito, in a simple shirt with his weapons unequipped, looked at Silica and spoke while giving a slight stare of wonder.
“Huh? Is something the matter?”
“Well—”
Silica just realized that she hadn't prepared a reasonable excuse for coming and was flustered. 'I just wanted to talk' simply sounded too childish.
“Well, that err— Ah, I wanted to know more about the forty-seventh floor!”
Fortunately, Kirito didn't suspect anything and simply nodded.
“Okay then. Should we head downstairs?”
“No, well— If it's alright, in your room...”
She answered without thinking and then quickly added:
“Be-Because, we shouldn't let anyone else hear precious information!”
“Erm... well... yeah, you're right. But...”
Kirito scratched his head with a slightly uncomfortable expression, then...
“Well, I suppose it should be okay.”
He muttered, then opened the door properly and took a step back.
Of course, Kirito's room was the same as her own: a bed on the left, plus a tea table and a chair a bit further in. That was all the furniture there. A lantern mounted on the left wall let out an orange glow.
Kirito offered the chair before he sat down on the bed and opened a window. He manipulated it quickly and called out a small box.
The box that had been placed on the table had a small crystal ball inside. It shone under the light of the lantern.
“Pretty... What is it?”
“It's an item called the «Mirage Sphere».”
When Kirito clicked on the sphere, a menu window appeared. He manipulated it quickly and pressed the OK button.
As soon as he did this, the sphere began to project a bright blue light, and a large spherical hologram appeared. The image seemed to be the entirety of a floor in Aincrad. It showed the villages and every single tree in great detail, and was completely different from the simple map that could be found on the system menu.
“Uwaa...!”
Silica stared numbly at the half-transparent map. It almost seemed like it could show people walking around if she kept gazing at it.
“This is the living area, and this is the Hill of Memories. You have to go past this way, but... there are some strong monsters around here...”
Kirito pointed here and there as he explained the geography of the forty-seventh floor without pausing. Silica felt warm just by listening to that calm voice.
“And if you cross this bridge you can see the hi...”
Suddenly Kirito stopped talking.
“...?”
“Shh...”
When she raised her head, she saw that Kirito's expression was hard and that he had a finger on his lips. He glared at the door with a sharp gaze.
Kirito burst into action. He jumped off the bed at lightning speed and opened the door.
“Who's there...!?”
Silica could hear the sound of running footsteps. She ran over and looked outside from under Kirito's body, where she saw someone's shadow running down the stairs.
“Wha-What is it!!?”
“...I think he was eavesdropping.”
“What...? But you can't hear anything past a wall right?”
“You can if your eavesdropping skill is high enough. Although... there aren't... all that many people who would train this skill...”
Kirito closed the door and returned to the room. He sat down on the bed with a pondering expression on his face. Silica sat down next to him and wrapped her arms around herself. She was overwhelmed with an inexplicable feeling of fear.
“Why was the person eavesdropping...?”
“We'll find out soon, probably. I have a message to send, so could you wait a bit?”
Kirito smiled slightly before he put the crystal map away and opened a window. He started moving his fingers on top of the holographic keyboard.
Silica curled up on his bed. A distant memory from the real world came back to her. Her father was a reporter. He was always in front of an old PC, typing something with a serious expression. Silica liked to watch the back of her father as he did that.
She didn't feel afraid anymore. As she watched the side of Kirito's face from behind, it felt as if she were enveloped in a warmth that she had forgotten for so long. Before she knew it, her eyes had closed themselves.


Part 3
Silica awoke to a chiming noise that was sounding in her ear. It was a morning alarm that only she could hear. The time set was seven in the morning.
She pulled the blanket off herself and sat up. It was usually hard to get up in the mornings, but today she was able to open her eyes in a good mood. Her head felt fresh, as if everything had been washed away by the deep sleep.
After stretching, Silica was just about to get off the bed when she froze.
There was a person sleeping with his back to the bed; the morning sunlight that was shining through the window fell on him. Just as Silica drew a breath to scream, thinking that it was an intruder, she remembered where she had fallen asleep last night.
—I, in Kirito-san's room...
As soon as she realized that fact, her face grew hot as if she had been hit by a fire breath attack. Since emotions were rather overstated in SAO, steam might really be coming off her face right now. It seemed that Kirito left Silica on the bed and slept on the floor. Silica groaned as she covered her face with her hands out of embarrassment and regret.
After taking a few dozen seconds to calm herself down, Silica quietly got off the bed and stood up. She then walked over to Kirito with silent footsteps and stared at his face.
The sleeping face of the black swordsman looked so innocent that Silica couldn't stop herself from smiling. She had thought that he was quite a bit older than her because of his sharp gaze. But surprisingly, now that she saw him like this, he didn't seem all that different from her.
It was fun watching his sleeping face; but Silica couldn't stay like this forever, so she softly prodded the black swordsman's shoulder and spoke to him.
"Kirito-san, it's morning~."
Kirito opened his eyes widely and blinked several times as he stared blankly at Silica's face for a while. Then his expression quickly changed into one of embarrassment.
"Ah... So-Sorry!"
He suddenly lowered his head.
"I thought of waking you up but you were so deep asleep... and I couldn't open the door to your room, so..."
Rooms that players rented were impenetrable system-wise, so there was no way you could get in unless you were a friend of the player. Silica quickly waved her hand and said:
"No, no, I'm the one who's sorry! For taking over your bed... "
"No, it's fine. You don't get any muscle aches here no matter how you sleep."
After standing up, Kirito stretched his neck, which made cracking noises contradictory to what he just said. He then raised his arms and stretched them. He looked at Silica as if he had just thought of something before opening his mouth:
"...Anyway, good morning."
"Go-Good morning."
The two looked at each other and smiled.

It was already bright when they stepped outside after eating a solid meal in preparation for «The Hill of Memories» on the forty-seventh floor. The players who were preparing to start their day and the players that had just returned from their nightly adventures came and went with contrasting expressions.
After replenishing their potion supplies at the shop next to the inn, the two headed for the gate plaza. Luckily, they managed to make it to the teleport gate without running into anyone who wanted Silica in their party like yesterday. Just as she was about to run to the shimmering blue teleport area, Silica stopped.
"Ah... I, don't know the name of the village on the forty-seventh floor..."
She was about to check the map for the name when Kirito offered his right hand.
"It's fine. I'll designate the place."
Silica felt grateful as she took his hand.
"Teleport! Floria!"
As soon as Kirito said this, a blinding light covered both of them.
After the light faded, the feeling of transportation followed and countless colors exploded in Silica's vision.
"Uwa..."
She shouted unconsciously.
The gate plaza of the forty-seventh floor was overflowing with flowers. Two small paths cut across the plaza in a cross shape. Aside from that, the rest of the space was taken up entirely by flower beds, each of them surrounded by red bricks and filled with flowers that she didn't know.
"Amazing..."
"This floor's also called the «Flower Garden», as not only the village but the whole floor is covered with flowers. If we had the time, we could also go to the «Forest of Giant Flowers» to the north..."
"I'll look forward to that some other time."
Silica smiled at Kirito before she crouched in front of a flower bed. She put her face closer to a bluish flower that was similar to a cornflower and sniffed it.
The flower was made with surprisingly high detail: from the veins of the flower, its five petals, the white stamen, and up to the green stem.
Of course not everything in Aincrad, including this flowerbed, as well as all the other plants and buildings, existed in such a detailed form all the time. If they did that, then even SAO's mainframe, however high its performance was, would run into a shortage of system resources.
To avoid that while giving the players a highly detailed environment as close to reality as possible, SAO used the «Digital Focusing System». It was a system that brought out the finer details of an object only when a player showed interest and focused on it.
After she heard of this system, Silica became afraid that showing interest in things would strain the system; but she couldn't hold herself back right now and kept staring at the various flowers.
When she finally managed to stop herself from walking unconsciously while enjoying the fragrance, Silica took a look around.
Most of the people here were couples consisting of a male and a female. All of them were happily conversing with each other, either holding one another's hands or had their arms linked. It seemed that this place had become one of those places. Silica looked up at Kirito, who was thoughtlessly standing next to her.
—Would we look like that as well...?
After thinking this, Silica said loudly to cover up the fact that she was blushing:
"Let-Let's go out to the field quickly!"
"Huh? Ah, yeah."
Kirito stood blinking for a second before he nodded and began walking next to Silica.
They left the gate plaza only to find out that even the main street of the village was covered with flowers. As the two walked next to each other, Silica thought about when she had first met Kirito. She couldn't believe that only a day had passed since then. The swordsman had already become a significant presence in her heart.
She glanced his way and wondered how he felt, but Kirito still had a mysterious feel and it was hard to tell what he was thinking. Silica hesitated for a while before she prepared herself and opened her mouth:
"Ermm... Kirito-san. Can I ask about your little sister..."
"Wh-Why all of a sudden?"
"You said that I reminded you of her. So, I was just curious..."
Talking about the real world was one of the greatest taboos in Aincrad. There were a lot of reasons, but the biggest one was that if the thought of 'this world is virtual and therefore fake' embedded itself deep within the players' minds, then they wouldn't be able to accept the «death» in SAO as real.
But she wanted to ask about Kirito's little sister, whom he said was like her. She wanted to know if Kirito wanted something from her as a little sister.
"...We weren't...all that close..."
Kirito started talking.
"I said that she was my little sister, but she's actually my cousin. We've always lived together ever since she was born because of some circumstances, so she shouldn't know that though. Well, maybe it's because of this... but I kept distancing myself from her without really meaning to. I even avoided running into her at home."
A small sigh came from Kirito.
"...On top of that, we had a strict grandfather. He forced me to go to a kendo dojo when I was eight, but I couldn't really get into it and stopped after two years. My grandfather had hit me pretty hard... but when he did that, my sister started crying and protected me by saying that she'll do even my share to make him stop hitting me. After that, I began playing on the computer and lost myself in it, but my sister really devoted herself to kendo and even made it pretty far in the national championships before our grandfather passed away. It was enough to make even him pleased... But I always felt sorry; I always wondered if that was really something she wanted to do and if she resented me. I kept avoiding her because of that... and now we ended up like this."
Kirito stopped talking and glanced down at Silica's face.
"So I might have saved you to satisfy myself, to atone for my past... Sorry."
Silica was an only child so she couldn't completely grasp all of what Kirito said. But for some reason, she felt as if she could understand his little sister.
"...I don't think your little sister resents you, Kirito-san. If she didn't like it, then she wouldn't have been able to work so hard at it. She most probably liked kendo very much."
As Silica said this, choosing her words carefully, Kirito smiled.
"It seems I'm the one who keeps getting comforted... Is it really like that? ...It would be nice if it is."
Silica felt something warm spread in her heart. She was happy that Kirito had opened up to her.
The two soon arrived at the north entrance of the village. Countless white flowers grew from the vines that were coiled around the slim, silver-colored metal arch. The main street passed through it and stretched on to become a highway surrounded by green hills before disappearing into the haze.
"Well... our adventure finally starts."
"Yeah."
Silica pulled herself away from Kirito's arm, steadied her expression, and nodded.
"With your level and equipment, the monsters around here shouldn't be too difficult for you to beat. But..."
As he said this, Kirito rummaged through the pouch hanging on his belt, took out a sky blue crystal, and then placed it in Silica's hand. It was a Teleport Crystal.
"You don't know what's going to happen on the field. So keep this in mind. If something unexpected happens and I tell you to get away, then use that crystal to leave. Any village is fine. You don't have to worry about me."
"Bu-But..."
"Promise me. I've... destroyed a whole party before. I don't want to repeat the same mistake again."
Kirito's expression was so serious that Silica couldn't do anything but nod. After Kirito received her answer he smiled in relief.
"Then, let's go!"
"Okay!"
Silica made sure of the feel of the dagger equipped at her side and resolved in her mind; she at least wouldn't become confused like yesterday and she would fight to the best of her ability.
But—
"Kya-aaaaaah!? What's that—!? It, it looks horrible———!!"
They had met their first monster only a few minutes after they started walking in a northward direction on the fields of the forty-seventh floor.
"U-Uwaa!! Go away——!"
The thing that appeared and was making its way through the bushes had a form that Silica would never have imagined. «A walking flower» would be the best description. The dark green stem was about as thick as a human arm and it stood up using its roots, which was split in numerous places. The stem or body supported a huge yellow flower that was similar to a sunflower. It had its mouth open, with teeth spouting out of it, revealing flashes of the red from the inside.
It had two vines that stretched out from the middle part of the stem, which made one think of the arms an animal had. It seemed that those arms and its mouth were the bodyparts it used for attacking. The man-eating plant ran towards Silica with a smiling mouth while swinging its tentacle-like arms. This thing that looked like a grotesque caricature made Silica feel disgusted.
"I said go away—!"
Silica swung her dagger wildly with her eyes almost closed. Kirito, who stood next to her, said in a disconcerted voice:
"It-It's fine. That monster's really weak. If you aim for the white bit just under the flower, then you can easily..."
"Bu-But it looks horrible—!"
"If that thing looks bad then this is going to be hard. There's also a monster that has numerous flowers, and one that looks like a carnivorous plant, and even one that has lots of sticky tentacles...
"Kya——!!"
As she screamed at what Kirito said, Silica activated a sword skill; of course, it simply cut through the empty air. During the short delay after that, the two tentacles wrapped themselves around Silica's two legs and lifted her up with surprising strength.
"Uwah!?"


Silica found herself hanging upside down with her vision reversed while her skirt, faithful to the virtual gravity, slid down.
"Uaaa!?"
She quickly pressed down on the end of her skirt and tried to cut the vine. But since she was in an awkward position, it didn't work out very well. Silica shouted with her face red:
"Ki-Kirito-san, help! Don't look, but help!!"
"Tha-That's a bit hard."
With his left hand covering his eyes, Kirito answered with an uncomfortable expression while the huge flower continued to swing Silica to and fro.
"Stop!"
Silica didn't have a choice but to let go of her skirt, grab onto the vine, and cut it. The back of the flower's neck came within reach as she fell and she initiated a sword skill. This time it struck the mark, and as the flower's head fell off, its whole body exploded and vanished. Silica, who landed lightly amidst a rain of polygon debris, asked Kirito as soon as she turned around.
"...Did you see?"
The black swordsman looked down at Silica through the gaps between his fingers and answered:
"...No, I didn't."

They went through five more battles to get used to the monsters before increasing their pace; although she almost fainted when a monster that looked like a sea anemone grabbed her with its sticky tentacles.
Kirito didn't participate much in the battles and mostly just supported Silica, occasionally blocking attacks when Silica was in danger. The party experience is divided according to the amount of damage each party member dealt to the monster. Since she was defeating high-leveled monsters, she also gained experience points several times faster than usual and quickly rose a level.
As they kept following the endless red brick road, a bridge that led over a small stream appeared. Beyond it they could see a large hill, and the path seemed to lead to its top.
"That's the «Hill of Memories»."
"There doesn't appear to be any forks."
"Yeah. We just have to keep going up, so there're no worries about getting lost. But they say that there are lots of monsters. Let's be careful."
"Okay!"
Soon, soon she could revive Pina. When she thought of this, her footsteps hastened naturally.
As they started walking along the uphill path that was full of blooming flowers, they ran into more monsters just like Kirito had predicted. The plant type monsters were also much bigger, but Silica's black dagger was much stronger than she had thought, allowing her to defeat most of them with a single combo.
But Kirito's skill was even more surprising.
She had thought that he was a pretty high-level swordsman after seeing him defeat two drunken apes with a single swing of his sword. But even after coming up twelve floors, he still didn't lose a single bit of his composure. When a large number of monsters appeared, he helped Silica by just taking out all of them except one.
As they continued, Silica couldn't help but wonder what such a high-level player was doing on the thirty-fifth floor.
Based on what he said, it seemed like he had something to do in the «Forest of Wandering». But she had never heard of any rare items or monsters there.
Let's ask him after this adventure is over— Silica thought as she swung her dagger; yet even as she did this, the narrow path began to gradually get steeper. As they defeated the increasingly aggressive monsters and made their way through the densely wooded area—
They arrived at the top of the hill.
"Uwa—!"
Silica held herself back as she ran forward a couple of steps and exclaimed.
Sky garden— this was truly a place that suited its name. The open space surrounded by the dense woods was full of flowers contending against themselves as they bloomed.
"We're finally here."
Kirito said as he walked toward Silica and sheathed his sword.
"The flower... Is it here...?"
"Yeah. There's a stone in the middle and on top of it..."
Silica was already running before Kirito even finished talking. She could definitely see a shining white stone in the middle of the flower beds. She ran towards it, panting, and then carefully examined the top of the rock that came up to about her chest.
"Huh......?"
But there was nothing there. There was only a small bit grass in the middle of an indent in the rock; there was nothing that one could call a flower.
"It's... It's not here, Kirito-san!"
She shouted at Kirito, who had run up to her side. Tears started to appear in her eyes.
"There's no way... —Ah, look."
Silica followed Kirito's gaze and looked back at the stone. Then—
"Ah..."
A small sprout grew out from amidst the soft grass. As she stared at it, the focus system activated and the young plant became more detailed. Two white leaves opened up like a clam and a stem quickly grew out from in between.
The stem grew tall in the blink of an eye, just like in that video she had seen during a science class ages ago, and then a small bud appeared at the end of it. The small raindrop-shaped bud gave off a pearly white light from within.
As Kirito and Silica watched with bated breath, the end of the bud started to open; then— with a bell-like tinkling, it opened. A little spot of light danced across the air.
The two simply watched the white flower grow without moving an inch. Seven petals reached out like the radiance of a star, and light shined softly from its center, mixing in with that of the sky's.
Silica looked up at Kirito, feeling as if she shouldn't touch this. Kirito gave a soft smile and nodded.
Silica nodded in response and then reached towards the flower with her right hand. The moment she touched it, the stem that was as thin as a thread of silk broke as if it were made of ice, and only the flower was left in her hand. She then touched it gently as she breathed softly. The name window appeared soundlessly. «Pneuma's Flower»—
"Now... we can revive Pina..."
"Yeah. You just have to drip the droplet of water in the flower on the heart item. But there are a lot of strong monsters here, so it would be better to do it after we get back to the village. Let's just wait a bit longer and hurry back."
"Okay!"
Silica nodded and opened her main window before putting the flower in it. She checked that it was in the item inventory before closing the window.
To tell the truth, she wanted to use a teleport crystal to return immediately, but Silica held herself back and started walking. It was virtually a rule never to use the expensive crystal unless one was in real danger.
Fortunately, they didn't run into that many monsters on the way back. They soon reached the stream after coming down at a quick pace.
Now I can meet Pina in about an hour at the most—
She hugged her chest, which felt as if it were going to explode, and was just about to cross the bridge—
Suddenly Kirito grabbed her shoulder. She looked back, her heart beating rapidly, and saw Kirito glaring at the dense group of trees over the bridge with a frightening expression. He then opened his mouth and talked in a low and tense voice:
"—You guys lying in ambush, come out right now."
"What...!?"
Silica quickly looked towards the other side, but she couldn't see anyone. After a few tense seconds passed, the leaves started moving with a rustling sound. Cursors that represented the players appeared. They were green, so they weren't criminals.
Surprisingly — the person who came into view across the short bridge was someone that Silica knew.
Flame red hair, with lips of the same color; the spear warrior wielded a slim, cross-shaped spear and wore black armor that shone like enamel.
“Ro-Rosalia-san...!? Why are you at a place like...”
Rosalia smiled lopsidedly and ignored the question from Silica, whose eyes were wide open with surprise.
“To think that you saw through my hiding; it seems that your scan skill is pretty high, swordsman. Did I underestimate you a little?”
Then she turned towards Silica:
“Looks like you luckily managed to get «Pneuma's Flower». Congratulations, Silica.”
Silica, who couldn't figure out Rosalia's true intentions, took a couple of steps back. She felt something inexplicably bad about this.
Rosalia didn't betray her expectations and began speaking a second later:
“Hand over that flower right now.”
Silica didn't know what to say.
“...!? What... what are you saying...?”
Then, Kirito, who had been silent until now, stepped forward and opened his mouth:
“I can't let you do that, Rosalia-san. No— I should call you the leader of the orange guild «Titan's Hand».”
Rosalia's eyebrows twitched upwards and the smile disappeared from her face.
In SAO, players who commit acts that are judged as criminals, such as stealing, harming other players, or killing them, have their cursors' color changed from green to orange. Therefore, people refer to these criminal individuals as orange players and a guild that consist of them as orange guilds. Silica knew about this, but she had never seen them before.
Yet Rosalia's HP cursor, which she could see right in front of her eyes, was green no matter how she looked at it. Silica looked up at Kirito, who was standing next to her, and asked in a dry voice:
“Hey... but... look... Rosalia-san's, it's green...”
“Even in an orange guild, there are plenty of occasions when not all of the members are orange. The green members search out prey and hide amongst their parties before luring them to the ambush point. The person who was eavesdropping on us yesterday must be a member of her group as well.”
“Wha-What...”
Silica looked at Rosalia with shock and loathing.
“The—then, the reason she partied with us for the past two weeks was because...”
Rosalia smiled venomously once again and spoke:
“Yeah~ I was checking out how strong the party was, and at the same time was waiting for them to grow fat on the money they earned through their adventuring. In fact, I was going to take care of them today.”
She licked her lips as she stared at Silica.
“I was wondering why the person I looked forward to hunting the most suddenly left, and then I heard that you were going to get a rare item. «Pneuma's Flower» is pretty expensive these days. Gathering information is important after all~”
Then she stopped talking for a moment, looked at Kirito, and shrugged.
“But swordsman, you were playing with this kid even though you knew that? Are you some kind of idiot? Or did you really fall for her?”
Silica's face reddened with fury at Rosalia's insults. Her hand moved to draw her dagger. But Kirito grabbed her shoulder.
“No, it's none of those things.”
Kirito said, his voice cold.
“I was looking for you as well, Rosalia-san.”
“—What do you mean?”
“You attacked the guild «Silver Flag» ten days ago on the thirty-eighth floor, right? The one where four members died and only the leader survived.”
“Ah~, those beggars?”
Rosalia didn't even flinch as she nodded.
“That leader... he was looking for somebody to avenge his team in the gate plaza at the front lines, crying from morning till night.”
A terrifying coldness could be felt from Kirito's words. It felt like a blade of ice that had been sharpened to cut anything that came near.
“But when I received his request, he didn't ask me to kill you. All he asked me to do was to throw you all into the prison of the Black Iron Castle — could you understand how he felt?”
“Nope.”
Rosalia answered as if she couldn't even be bothered.
“What? Why are you acting so serious? Are you stupid? There's no evidence that the person dies in real life if you kill them here anyway. Besides, it's not like this will be a crime when we return to the real world. We don't even know if we can go back, yet here you talk about justice and rules; it's not even funny. I hate guys like you the most — people who dragged some weird logic in with them when they came into this world.”
Rosalia's eyes grew angry.
“So, you mean to tell me that you seriously took the words of some guy who couldn't even die properly and were looking for us? You really have nothing to do. Well, I'll acknowledge that I fell for your bait. But... do you really think that you can do anything with just two people...?”
A sadistic smile appeared on her face and she waved her hand twice in the air.
At that moment, the trees on either sides of the path that led straight from the bridge shook violently, and people appeared from between them. Cursors emerged one after another into Silica's vision. Most of them were orange. Their numbers went up to ten. If they had crossed the bridge without spotting the ambush, then they would have been surrounded. There was one other green amongst the orange players— his spiky hairstyle was, without a doubt, the one they saw at the inn last night.
The bandits who just appeared were all male players dressed in gaudy clothes. They all had silver accessories and sub-equipment hanging from all over their bodies.
Silica hid behind Kirito's coat as feelings of revulsion came over her. She whispered quietly:
“Ki-Kirito-san... there are too many. We have to run...!”
“It's fine. Just have your crystal ready until I tell you to get away.”
Kirito answered with a calm voice, ruffled Silica's hair, and then walked towards the other side of the bridge. Silica stood there in shock. It was just too reckless. She thought of this and called him:
“Kirito-san...!”
As soon as her voice rang through the field—
“Kirito...?”
One of the bandits muttered. His smile faded and he frowned; his eyes moved from one side to another as if he were trying to remember something.
“Those clothes... the one-handed blade without a shield... «The Black Swordsman»...?”
His face grew pale as he stepped back.
“Thi-This is serious Rosalia-san! That bastard... he's a beater and... a clearer...!”
At his words, the expressions of all the other members hardened with shock. Silica was surprised as well. She just stared at Kirito's back, one which she couldn't call wide, totally taken aback.
She knew that he was quite a high-level player after watching him fight. But she never even dreamed that he was one of the «Clearers», the elite group of top-class players who went into the frontline dungeons, where nobody had even set foot in before, and even defeated bosses. She heard that they concentrated solely on clearing SAO, and it was hard to even see them on the middle floors—
Even Rosalia stood there with her mouth open for a few seconds before she came to her senses and screamed:
“Wh-Why would a clearer be wandering around here!? He probably just called himself that to scare us! What he's wearing is just some cosplay. And— even if he really were «The Black Swordsman», he should be a pushover with this many people!!”
As if their vigor had returned with her remark, the huge axe-wielder who stood at the head of the orange players shouted:
“Ye-Yeah! If he's a clearer then he should have a lot of items and money too right!? This is a really big chance!”
All the bandits agreed and drew their weapons. The numerous bits of metal glinted with heinous light.
“Kirito-san... it's impossible to win, run!!”
Silica shouted desperately with the crystal grasped tightly in her hand. As Rosalia had said, he wouldn't be able to win no matter how strong he is with this many enemies. But Kirito didn't move. He didn't even draw his weapon.
They seemed to have taken this as a form of resignation; the nine players, which didn't include Rosalia and the other green player, all drew their weapons and raced against each other to reach Kirito first. They stomped across the short bridge and then— “Yiaaa!!”
“Dieee!!”
They surrounded Kirito, who had his head bowed down, in a half circle before they all hit him with their weapons. Kirito's body shook violently from the force of nine attacks.
“No—!!”
Silica screamed as she covered her face with her hands.
“No! Stop! Kirito-san's going to, d...die!!”
But they didn't listen.
Some of them laughed manically, while others kept swearing as they continued to attack Kirito as if they were intoxicated by the violence. Rosalia, who stood at the middle of the bridge, couldn't stop her excitement from showing as she stared at the tragedy while licking her finger.
Silica wiped her tears and grasped the handle of her dagger. She knew that she couldn't do anything even if she jumped in, but she couldn't just stand there and watch anymore. Then, just as she was about to take a step towards Kirito— she noticed something and stopped.
Kirito's HP bar wasn't decreasing.
No, it was merely decreasing by a little bit, despite the endless rain of blows. Yet even that was filled back up after a couple of seconds.
The bandits finally noticed that the black swordsman in front of them showed no sign of falling and their expressions became confused.
“What the hell are you guys doing!? Kill him!!”
At Rosalia's anxious order, the blows rained down for a few more seconds. But there was no change in the situation.
“Hey... what's going on...?”
One person made a face as if he had seen something utterly bizarre before he stopped moving and stepped back. His surprise quickly spread to the eight other members, who then stopped attacking and widened the distanced between them and Kirito.
Silence fell upon the area, and in the middle of it, Kirito slowly raised his head. A quiet voice sounded:
“—About 400 every 10 seconds? That's the amount of damage you nine dealt to me. I'm on level 78, my HP is 14,500... add that I automatically regain 600 points every 10 seconds with «Battle Healing». You all can't defeat me even if you keep hitting me for hours.”


The bandits stood there with their mouths wide open, as if they were in shock. Eventually, the two-handed sword user, who seemed to be the sub-leader, said in a dry voice.
“Is... is that even allowed...? It doesn't even make any freaking sense...”
“Yeah.”
Kirito spat the words out:
“Just a difference in numbers makes such a ridiculous disparity in strength; that's the unreasonable part of level system MMORPGs!”
The bandits stepped back, as if they were intimidated by Kirito's voice, which seemed to hide something behind it. Their surprised faces were replaced by looks of terror.
“Che.”
Rosalia tutted and then drew out a teleport crystal from her hip. She raised it high up into the air and opened her mouth:
“Teleport—”
Even before she could even finish the sentence, the air seemed to vibrate for a split second and Kirito was then standing right in front of her.
“Ack...”
As Rosalia froze for a moment, Kirito took the crystal out of her hands, then grabbed her collar and dragged her back towards the other bandits.
“Le-Let me go!! What are you trying to do you bastard!!”
Kirito threw her towards the group of bandits, who were standing there dazed, and then started rummaging through his pouch without saying a word. The crystal he took out was also blue. But the color was far deeper than a teleport crystal.
“The person who had asked me to do this bought this corridor crystal with all the money he had. He said that he set the prison area of the Black Iron Castle as the exit. So I'll be teleporting all of you to prison, and «The Army» could cover the rest from there.”
Rosalia, who was sitting on the ground, stayed silent for a while before she smiled like it was a bluff.
“—And what if I say I don't want to?”
“Then I will kill every single one of you.”
Her smile froze on her face at Kirito's short answer.
“—Is what I want to say... but in that case I'll just use this.”
Kirito took out a small dagger from the inside of his coat. One could see a vaguely green liquid on the surface of the blade by examining it carefully.
“Paralysis poison; it's a level five poison, so you guys won't be able to move for about ten minutes. That'll be enough to throw you all into the corridor... Go by yourself, or be thrown in; it's your choice.”
Nobody was bluffing now. After seeing all of them bow their heads in silence, Kirito put the knife away, raised the deep blue crystal up high, and then shouted.
“Corridor open!”
The crystal shattered in an instant and a blue whirlpool of light appeared.
“Damn it all...”
The tall axe-wielder walked into the corridor first with his shoulders sagging. The rest of the orange players then disappeared into the light one by one, some quietly, while others swore as they walked in. After the green player that gathered information followed them, the only person left was Rosalia.
The red haired bandit didn't even try to move after all of her comrades disappeared into the corridor. She sat with her legs folded and looked up at Kirito as if challenging him.
“...Well, have a go if you want. If you hurt a green you'll become an orange...”
Kirito grabbed her collar before she even finished talking.
“I'll tell you this: I'm a solo; becoming an orange for a day or two doesn't even mean anything to me.”
Kirito spat out coldly before dragging her up and over to the corridor. Rosalia resisted as she flailed her arms and legs about.
“Wait, please, stop! Forgive me! Huh?! ...Ah, right, you, won't you work with me? With your skills we could take down any guild...”
She never finished what she was saying. Kirito threw Rosalia headfirst into the corridor. After she disappeared, the corridor shined brightly for a moment and then vanished.
Everything was calm again.
The spring field that was full of the natural sounds, of chirping birds and running water, became quiet again as if everything that just happened a few moments ago were a lie. But Silica couldn't move. Her surprise about Kirito's true identity, her relief at the disappearance of the bandits, all of these emotions flooded in at once, leaving her unable to even open her mouth.
Kirito tilted his head and silently watched the speechless Silica for a while before he finally said something in almost a whisper:
“...Sorry, Silica. It seems I ended up using you as bait. I considered telling you about this beforehand... but I thought that you would be scared so I didn't.”
Silica tried desperately to shake her head, but she couldn't; countless thoughts spun about her mind at the same time and were overwhelming her.
“I'll take you to the village.”
Kirito said this and began to walk. Silica somehow managed to force her voice out towards his back.
“My—my legs won't move.”
Kirito looked back and offered his right hand with a smile; as Silica grabbed tightly onto his hand she could finally smile.

The two remained mostly silent until they reached the Weathercock Tavern on the thirty-fifth floor. There were lots of things that Silica wanted to say, but she just couldn't talk, as if there were a pebble stuck in her throat.
When they went up to the second floor and entered Kirito's room, the red light of the sunset was already streaming in though the window. Silica finally managed to speak with a trembling voice to Kirito, who seemed to have become a black silhouette because of the light.
“Kirito-san... are you going to leave...?”
After a long silence, the silhouette nodded slowly.
“Yeah... I've been away from the front lines for five days already. I need to get back to clearing the game as soon as possible...”
“...I suppose you're right...”
To tell the truth, Silica wanted to ask him to take her with him.
But she couldn't.
Kirito's level is 78. Her level is 45. With a level gap of 33— the difference separating them was painfully clear. If she followed Kirito to the front lines, Silica would be cut down in an instant. Even though they were logged into the same game, a wall higher than anything in real life stood between their separate worlds.
“...I...I...”
Silica bit her lip and desperately tried to hold back the emotions that threatened to overflow; two streaks of tears formed from those feelings and rolled down her cheeks.
Suddenly, she felt Kirito place his hands on her shoulders. A low and gentle voice whispered right next to her:
“Levels are just numbers. The strength in this world is nothing more than an illusion. There are things far more important than that. So let's meet again in the real world. If we do, we'll be able to become friends again.”
To tell the truth, Silica wanted to lean against the black chest in front of her. But as she felt Kirito's words spread their warmth through her bursting heart, she realized that she shouldn't expect any more from him. She then closed her eyes and muttered:
“Okay. It's—it's a promise.”
She detached herself from Kirito, looked up at his face, and was finally able to smile for real. Kirito smiled as well and said:
“So, let's call out Pina.”
“Okay!”
Silica nodded and waved her right hand to summon the main window. She scrolled through the item inventory and took out «Pina's Heart».
She put the sky blue feather that popped out of the window on the tea table and then took out «Pneuma's Flower» as well.
With the pearly white flower in her hand, she closed the window and looked up at Kirito.
“All you have to do is to drip the droplet of water that's in the middle of the flower onto the feather. Once you do that Pina'll come back.”
“Okay...”
As she stared at the sky blue feather, Silica whispered in her mind.
Pina... I'll tell you lots and lots; about the amazing adventure that I had today... and about the person who saved you, who became my brother for just a day.
With tears in her eyes, Silica tilted the flower in her right hand towards the feather.
(End)


Warmth of the Heart (Aincrad 48th Floor, June 2024)
The gigantic waterwheel spun steadily, filling the entire shop with a calming sound.
Even though this was just a small house for support-class use amongst the player-exclusive housing, its price rose like the tide because of that waterwheel. When I first found this house in the main district of the 48th floor Rindaasu, my mind suddenly went 'this is it!', right before its price horrified me.
From that moment on, I began to work like crazy, borrowed money from various sources, and managed to accumulate three million Col within just two months. If this was the real world, my body would be covered in muscles from all the times I had swung my hammer, and my right hand would be full of thick calluses.
But all that paid off, as I acquired the deed just a step ahead of my competitors and opened «Lisbeth's Special Weapon Shop» at this house with the waterwheel. That happened three months ago during the cool Spring.

Part 1
After quickly drinking my morning coffee — thank god this is Aincrad — while listening to the revolving waterwheel as if its sounds were a BGM, I changed into my blacksmith uniform and glanced at my image in the full length mirror that hung on the wall.
Even though I called it a blacksmith uniform, it wasn't anything even resembling overalls, but actually looked more like a waitress uniform: a dark red top with puffed sleeves and a flared skirt of the same color, plus a pure white apron over that and a red ribbon atop my chest.
I wasn't the one who picked these clothes; it was actually a friend of mine who was also a regular customer. According to her, 'you have a baby face so stiff clothes don't suit you.'
Well that's what she said, and I was like 'mind your own business!' But sales jumped twofold once I started wearing this uniform, so I had no choice but to keep wearing it.
Her advice didn't just stop with my clothes, but even went to my hair; it was now customized to be extremely pink and fluffy. But based on the customer responses, it seemed that this look suited me.
I, blacksmith Lisbeth, was fifteen when I first logged onto SAO. I heard back in the real world that I looked younger than my age, but that became even more pronounced in this world. When my pink hair, large blue eyes, and small lips combined with the old-fashioned apron, my reflection in the mirror felt almost like a doll.
Since I was a middle schooler in the other world with no interest in fashion, the gap grew even wider. Somehow I had gotten used to how I look, but since my personality doesn't change as easily, I had scared some customers with my outbursts from time to time.
I checked if there was anything that I forgot to equip before I went to the front of the shop and flipped the 'CLOSED' sign. I looked at the few players that had been waiting for the shop to open, then showed them my best smile and greeted them.
"Good morning! Welcome!"
Actually, it hadn't been all that long since I was able to do this naturally.
Running a shop had been a longtime dream of mine, but doing so in a game was very different from in the real world. I experienced firsthand how hard reception and service was when I first started as a street vendor with an inn as my base.
Since keeping a smile on was too hard, I decided to win through quality, and it seemed that leveling my weaponsmithing skill like crazy was the answer, as many of my regular customers continued to peruse my weapons even after I opened this shop.
After I finished greeting them, I left the reception to my NPC clerk and holed myself up in the workshop that was attached to the store. There were about ten items that needed to be made to order today.
As soon as I pulled the lever on the wall, the bellows began using the mechanical power from the waterwheel to blow air into the furnace, and the polisher started spinning. I took out an expensive piece of metal from my inventory and stuck it in the furnace, which had begun to heat up. After heating the metal enough, I moved it over to the anvil with a pair of tongs. I knelt on one knee and grasped my hammer, then called up the pop-up menu and chose the item I wanted to make. Now all I had to do was hit the chunk of metal for the designated number of times and the item would be forged. There was no technique required for this and the quality of the resulting weapon was random; but I thought that the end result depended on how much I concentrated, so I tensed all my muscles and slowly raised the hammer. Then, just when I was about to strike the metal—
"Hey, Liz!"
"Ahh!"
The door to the workshop opened loudly and I missed; instead of the metal, I struck the anvil with a pathetic clang and a spray of sparks.
As I raised my head, the intruder was scratching her head and smiling with her tongue stuck out.
"Sorry~ I'll be careful next time."
"I wonder how many times I've heard that— ...Well, at least it was before I started."
I stood up with a sigh and put the piece of metal back into the furnace before placing my hands on my hips and turning around. Then I looked up at the girl who was slightly taller than me.
"...Hey, Asuna."
My friend and regular customer, the rapier-wielder Asuna, crossed the room as she walked towards me and sat down on the wooden stool. She then pushed back the long chestnut-brown hair that went past her shoulders with her hand. All of her movements seemed to shine, as if she was a movie star, and dazed me even though I've known her for ages.
I sat down as well on the chair in front of the anvil and leaned my hammer against the wall.
"...So, what is it today? You're pretty early."
"Ah, I want you to take care of this."
Asuna took off her rapier, with the blade still in its sheath, and then threw it. I caught it with one hand and pulled it out. The rapier was a little dull from the long period of use, but it wasn't bad enough to give the blade any trouble cutting.
"It's not that out of shape is it? It's a bit early for polishing."
"Yeah you're right. But I want it to be all shiny."
"Hmmm?"
I looked at Asuna carefully. Her knight outfit with the red crosses on white and her miniskirt was the same as ever, but her boots shined as if they were new and she even wore a pair of silver earrings.
"You're being strange~ Now that I think about it, it's a weekday today. What about your guild's clearing quota? Didn't you say that you guys were having a hard time with the sixty-third floor?"
After I said this, Asuna gave an embarrassed smile:
"Yeah— I got a vacation today. Because I have a promise with somebody later today..."
"Ohh~!"
I shifted closer towards Asuna while still sitting on my chair.
"Tell me more. Who are you meeting?"
"Se-Secret!"
Asuna blushed and avoided my gaze. I crossed my arms, nodded, and then spoke:
"Ah~ I thought that you were strangely brighter these days. So you finally got yourself a boyfriend."
"It-It's not like that!!"
Asuna's cheeks turned to a deeper red. She coughed and then asked me a question while glancing at me slightly:
"...Am I, really all that different nowadays...?"
"Of course~ When I first met you, you only concentrated on clearing dungeons! I thought you were a little too stiff, but then, starting this spring, you began to change a little; like taking a rest from clearing the game on a weekday — that's something you would never have done back then."
"Ri-Right ...maybe I really have been affected..."
"So, who is it? Someone I know?"
"I... don't think so... most probably."
"Bring him over next time."
"It's really not like that! It's still, well... a one way thing..."
"Hmm...?"
This time I was really surprised. Asuna was the sub-leader of the strongest guild, KoB, and one of the top five best looking girls in Aincrad. There were as many boys who wanted Asuna's attention as there were stars in the sky, but I never even dreamed that the opposite existed.
"Well, y'know, he's a really strange person."
Asuna said with her eyes gazing off into the distance. She had a soft smile on her lips. If this was a romance manga, then there would be flower petals in the background right now.
"Should I say that he's unpredictable, or that he just takes everything at his own pace... yet in spite of all that, he's really strong."
"Oh, stronger than you?"
"Yeah, like really; if we duelled, I wouldn't even last one minute."
"Ohh~ I could count the number of people who can do that with my fingers."
As soon as I began going through the list of clearers in my head, Asuna started waving her arms.
"Ah, don't imagine him~!"
"Well, I'll look forward to seeing him soon. And if that's the case I'll rely on you for advertising as well!"
"You never miss a chance. I'll introduce him —Ah, oh! Polish it quickly!"
"Right, right. I'll get it done right now so just wait a moment."
I stood up with Asuna's rapier in my hand and walked over to the revolving polisher in the corner on the room.
I drew the thin blade from its red sheath. The weapon was categorized as «Rapier» with the unique name «Lambent Light». It was one of the best swords I've ever made. Even if I use the best raw materials, the best hammer, the best anvil, and the best everything, the quality of the weapon still differed due to the random factor. Therefore, I would only be able to make a sword of this quality every three months or so.
I slowly held the sword against the polisher with both hands. There was no technique involved in polishing weapons either, but I had no intention of neglecting it.
I slid the blade across the polisher from the hilt to the tip of the sword. Sparks flew out as a clear, metallic sound rang about, and at the same time a shimmering gleam returned to the blade. When the polishing process finished, the rapier returned to its clear silvery appearance, shining with the light of the morning sun.
I sheathed the blade again and threw it over to Asuna. Then I caught the 100 col silver coin that she tossed over to me at the same time with the tips of my fingers.
"Thanks!"
"I'll ask you to repair my armor later as well... but I'm running out of time now so bye!"
Asuna stood up and hung the rapier to her side on the sword belt.
"I wonder what he's like~ Maybe I should go along."
"Ehh, n-no!"
"Hahaha, I'm joking. But bring him along next time."
"S-Soon."
Asuna waved her hand and ran out of the workshop as if she was running away. I let out a deep sigh and collapsed into my chair again.
"...Must be good."
I smiled somewhat bitterly at the words that popped out of my mouth.
A year and a half had passed since I came to this world. Because of my personality, I didn't dawdle and instead poured everything into making my shop flourish, which had gotten me this far. But now that I had set up a shop and almost completed my smithing skill, I was starting to miss the company of people again, most probably because I didn't have a clear goal anymore.
Since there weren't many girls in Aincrad, quite a few guys have tried to get close to me, but for some reason I never really felt like responding. So when it came to this subject I felt pretty envious of Asuna.
"Will a «Fabulous Meeting» quest come to me as well, I wonder~"
I mumbled, then shook my head to get rid of these strange thoughts and stood up. I took the piece of metal, which was red hot by now, out of the furnace and put it back onto the anvil. I supposed this guy would be my partner for the time being. With these thoughts lingering about, I raised my hammer and struck down. Hiiyaa.
The rhythmic sound of metal resounding through the workshop would usually clear my mind for me, but today the lump in my heart just wouldn't go away.
It was noon of the next day when he visited my shop.

I finished all of the weapon orders yesterday and was nodding off on the rocking chair on the terrace in front of the shop.
I was dreaming. It was a dream about when I was still in elementary school. I was a diligent and quiet kid, but I had this habit of falling asleep during the first afternoon lesson. The teachers often berated me for drifting off.
Back then I looked up to this young male teacher who had just graduated from university. I still felt embarrassed about getting reprimanded, but for some reason I really liked the way he woke me up. He would softly shake my shoulder and say in a low, quiet voice—
“Erm, I'm sorry but...”
“Ye-Yes, I'm sorry!”
“Wha?!”
I shouted and jumped up like a spring. In front of me stood a male player with a surprised expression fixed onto his face.
“Huh...?”
I looked around at my surroundings. It wasn't the classroom filled with rows of desks. The trees planted along the street, the waterway that ran beside the wide stone road, the court that was covered with grass; it was my second home, Lindus.
It seemed that I had been daydreaming for the first time in a while. I coughed to hide my embarrassment and greeted the person who appeared to be a customer.
“Wel-Welcome. Are you looking for a weapon?”
“Erm, yes.”
The boy nodded.
He didn't look like someone on a really high level. He looked only a little older than me; black hair with a simple shirt, pants, and boots. The only armament he had was the one-handed sword on his back. The weapons in my shop required high stats and I was worried if he was on a high enough level, but I didn't let that show and led him into my shop.
“The one-handed sword display is over here.”
As I pointed towards the case that displayed the basic weapons, he smiled a bit awkwardly and spoke.
“Ah, well, I wanted to order a custom made one...”
I became even more worried. Even the cheapest custom-made weapons, which needed special ingredients to forge, were over a hundred thousand col. If he started panicking at the price, then I would be embarrassed as well, so I tried to avoid that situation.
“The price of metals right now is a bit high, so I think it might be a little expensive...”
I told him that, but the boy clad in black said something totally unbelievable with an uncaring expression.
“You don't have to worry about the price. Please just forge the best sword that you can right now.”
“...”
I just stared at the person's face for a moment and then somehow managed to open my mouth.
“...Well, even if you say that... I have to have some sort of idea about the quality...”
My tone was slightly rougher than usual, but he didn't seem to care about that and simply nodded.
“Well I suppose that's true. Then...”
He took off the sword on his back, still sheathed, and gave it to me.
“How about a sword with a similar or better quality than this one?”
It didn't look like a very impressive weapon. A handle with black leather twined around it; a hilt of the same color. But when I took it with my right hand—
It's heavy!!
I almost dropped the thing. The strength stat prerequisite was incredibly high. As a blacksmith and mace wielder, I was pretty confident in my strength stat. But I would never be able to swing this sword.
I hesitantly drew it from the sheath and the almost pitch black blade gleamed. I could tell that it was a high-quality sword with just a glance. I clicked it with my finger to call out the popup window: category «Long-sword/One-handed», unique name «Elucidator». It didn't have a maker name, which meant that this wasn't the work of a fellow blacksmith.
You can separate all weapons in Aincrad into two groups.
One is «Player made», which meant weapons made by us blacksmiths. The other included weapons that one gained from adventuring as «Monster drops». Needless to say, blacksmiths don't like drop weapons all that much. I couldn't even begin to count all the names like 'Unnamed' or 'No brand' that were given to them.
But this sword seemed to be a very rare item amongst monster drops. If you compared the average quality of player-made weapons and monster drops, the former was better. But once in a while, «Demon Swords» such as this one appeared — that was what I heard.
Anyhow, my pride was now on the line. As a blacksmith, there was no way I would lose to a drop weapon.
I returned the heavy sword and brought out a long sword that was hanging on the back wall of the shop. I had forged this sword a month ago and it was the best I could make right now. The blade that I drew from its sheath had a reddish tinge to it, which appeared as if it was covered by fire.
“This is the best sword in my shop right now. It most probably won't lose to yours.”
He took the sword wordlessly, swung it with one hand, and then cocked his head.
“It's a bit light.”
“...I used a speed type metal for it...”
“Hmm...”
He made a doubtful expression and swung the sword a few more times before he turned his gaze towards me and asked.
“Can I test this for a bit?”
“Test what...?”
“Durability.”
The boy drew his sword, which he had been holding in his left hand, and put it on top of the counter. He then stood before it and slowly raised the red sword with his right arm.
I realized what he was about to do and tried to stop him.
“Wa-Wait! If you do that your sword will break!”
“If it's a sword that would break so easily then it's useless. If that happens I'll deal with it then.”
“That's...”
That's totally crazy, is what I was going to say, but I stopped myself. He held the sword up above his head and his eyes shone sharply. Soon, the sword began to shine with a blue light.
“Hyah!”
With a shout, he swung the sword down at an amazing speed. The two blades clashed against each other before I even had the time to blink, and the impact rang loudly within the shop. Because the resulting flash was so bright, I squinted to take a look, and then involuntarily took a step back...
The blade was broken neatly in two and had been completely destroyed.
—The blade of my best work.
“AHHHHHH!!”
I screamed and rushed to his right hand. I took the remaining half and carefully examined it from every angle.
...Repair... was impossible.
As soon as I came to that conclusion and sagged my shoulders, the remaining half scattered and became polygon fragments. After a few seconds of silence passed, I slowly raised my head.
“Wha...Wha...”
I grabbed the boy by the collar as my lips trembled.
“What are you going to do—!! It's broken—!!”
“I-I'm sorry! I never even imagined that the sword I swung would break...”
...*Snap*.
“In other words, do you mean to say that my sword was weaker than you thought it was!?”
“Errr— ummm— well, yeah.”
“Ah!! Now you're just going straight out!?”
I released his collar, put my hands on my hips, and straightened my chest.
“I— I'm telling you! If I had the right materials I could make weapons that would snap your sword just like that as much as I want!”
“—Oh?”
He smiled at the words I said in anger.
“Then I would really like to ask you to make that; something that could just snap this sword just like that.”
He took the sword on the counter and sheathed it. The blood finally rushed all the way up my head and—
“So that's how it's gonna be!? Fine! Then you help too! Start with helping me get the ingredients!”
I knew I just made a mistake, but the milk was already spilt. There was no way I could back down now. Yet he wasn't shaken at all and rudely scrutinized me.
“...Well, I don't mind, but wouldn't it be better if I went by myself? It would be a problem if you got in the way.”
“Argh—!!”
To think that there really was a person who was this good at getting on people's nerves. I waved my arms about wildly and protested like a little kid.
“Do-Don't take me so lightly! Even if I look like this, I'm a master mace wielder!”
“Whew~”
The boy whistled. Now he was just enjoying himself.
“Well then, I'll look forward to it. —Anyways, I'll pay for the sword I broke.”
“There's no need to do that! Just remember that if I make a sword that's better than yours, I'll make you pay bucket loads!”
“Fine, as much as you want. —I'm Kirito. I hope we get along together until the sword is done.”
I crossed my arms and looked away.
“I hope we get along too, Kirito.”
“Uwa, you're calling me by my name just like that? Well, I'm fine with it. I hope we get along, Lisbeth.”
“Kaaah—!!”
—It was the worst first impression ever for forming a party.


Part 2
Rumors about «That Metal» began to circulate amongst the blacksmiths about ten days ago. Of course, the ultimate goal of SAO was to reach the top floor and beat the game. But other than that, there was also a variety of other missions: quests from NPCs, guard missions, treasure hunting, and more. But because the reward usually included desirable equipment, most quests had a cooldown time after they were completed before they would become available again. There were even quests that could only be finished once, which really drew attention from the players.
One of these missions was found in a hamlet in the corner of the 55th floor. A certain white-bearded village leader NPC would say—
There was a white dragon that lived in the mountains to the west, which ate crystals each day as its food and stocked large quantities of it to create an extremely valuable and rare metal within its stomach.
This was obviously a mission that awarded amazing materials, so a large number of people immediately formed an assault party that would be able to easily defeat the dragon.
—But they didn't get anything. The dragon dropped only a small quantity of Col and some poor quality equipment, which didn't even reimburse the cost of the healing potions and crystals used.
After that, everyone guessed that the metal had only a chance of dropping, therefore many parties spoke to the elder and then defeated the dragon, but still no one found the metal. Within one week, countless white dragons had been killed, but not a single party managed to find the metal. Someone finally suggested that there must be special conditions which must be met, so now everyone was trying hard to find out what those were.
After listening to my explanation, the man named Kirito, who sipped on the tea which I didn't want to make, who sat on my workshop chair with his casually crossed legs, replied 'Ah...' and nodded lightly.
"I've heard about this too. There does seem to be a chance to get rare ingredients. But so far no one has gotten anything right? Would we really get anything if we go now?"
"Amongst all the circulating theories, one of them claims that 'the party must include a blacksmith', because there aren't many blacksmiths who properly trained their combat skills."
"So that's why; actually that does sound kind of right — if that's the case, then we should get going soon."
"......"
I stared angrily at Kirito's face.
"I'm surprised you've managed to live till today with such a lack of common sense. This isn't goblin hunting! We have to form a good party and..."
"But if we do that, then even if the material drops, there's a chance we won't get it right? What floor is that white dragon on?"
"...55th floor."
"Heh— Then I should be fine even by myself; you don't even need to help."
"...Are you insanely strong, or just insanely stupid? Whatever, I don't care, the sight of you crying while teleporting away also sounds pretty interesting."
Kirito simply chuckled, finished his tea without answering, and placed the cup back down on the table.
"I'm ready to leave anytime; what about you, Lisbeth?"
"Ah— Never mind, since you're not going to add an honorific anyway, just call me Liz... the white dragon's mountain isn't very big, so we should be able to return today. Let me just make a few simple preparations."
After opening a console window, I first put on some simple armor over my skirt, then confirmed that my mace was in my inventory and made sure that I had enough potions and crystals.
I closed the window and said ok, then Kirito stood back up. Luckily, there were no customers in sight as we went from the workshop to the shop entrance. I quickly flipped the sign on the door.
I raised my head and looked out; the sunlight passing through was still bright, so there was still quite some time before it gets dark. Whether we retrieve the metal or not — the latter being more likely no matter how I thought about it — I wouldn't want to come back too late.
That being said.
—How did I wind up in this strange situation...
After leaving the store, I walked towards the gate plaza while thinking deeply.
I definitely had a bad impression of the black-dressed man leisurely walking beside me — as it should be. Not only did everything he say make me angry, he was also some arrogant megalomaniac, and most of all, he broke my masterpiece.
But still, I was walking alongside a man whom I just met. We even formed a party and prepared to hunt monsters on another floor; it was just like— like a da...
Arriving at this, I immediately forced a stop to that thought. I had never experienced anything like this until now. Although I was pretty close to several male players, I've always made excuses to avoid going out with them with just two people. I wanted to make sure that the first person I paired up with would be someone I really liked, or so I thought.
But when I came to my senses, I was already with this weird man... How did it end up like this!
Completely oblivious of my inner turmoil, Kirito saw a food vendor near the gate of the plaza and rushed over. By the time he turned around, a huge hot dog was already in his mouth.
"Doo yu van son duu?"
...My inner thoughts were instantly filled with a sense of helplessness and I felt like an idiot for being the only one worrying over it. So I yelled back:
"Yeah!"
The crisp taste of the hot dog — more precisely, a mysterious food that looked like a hot dog — still lingered in my mouth when we reached the rumored hamlet on the 55th floor.
We also didn't have any trouble with the monsters in the field.
Considering that the front line was on the 63rd floor right now, the monsters here were pretty strong. But my level was about 65, and that braggart Kirito should be just as strong, so we went through quite a few battles almost completely unscathed.
The only mistake was that the theme of this floor involved fields of snow and ice—
"Achoo!"
I sneezed loudly as soon as we entered the small village and relaxed. Because all the other floors were in an early summer season, I became too careless. Not only was there a layer of snow on the ground here, but every building still had huge icicles hanging from the roofs.
This bone-chilling winter cold made my entire body shiver like crazy. Kirito, who stood beside me, put on an exasperated expression and said:
"...You didn't bring any other clothes?"
"...No."
Then, the seemingly lightly-dressed Kirito operated his window. A black leather cape materialized, which he placed over my head.
"...Are you alright yourself?"
"It's all a matter of willpower."
Every line this man said gets on my nerves. But the fur-lined cape looked pretty warm, so I couldn't resist it and quickly put it on. I let out a sigh of relief as the cold bite of the wind immediately disappeared.
"Umm... which one do you think is the elder's house?"
As Kirito said this, I looked around the tiny village, and found an especially large house across from the central plaza.
"It should be that one right?"
"Right."
We both nodded and started walking.
—Several minutes later.
As we predicted, we found the white-bearded elder NPC and successfully initiated a conversation. His story was full of useless details that started from his long and boring childhood, into his teenage years, past his difficult days in adulthood, and then abruptly mentioned a white dragon in the mountains to the west. By the time he finally finished, the orange light of the setting sun had already covered the entire village.
We left the village elder's house feeling completely wiped out. The snow that covered the houses were stained orange by the setting sun. It was an image beautiful beyond comparison, yet—
"...I never expected just receiving the quest would waste that much time..."
"Unbelievable... well, what now? Should we wait until tomorrow?"
I turned my head and looked at Kirito.
"Hmmm— I've heard the white dragon is nocturnal though. Is that the mountain?"
Looking towards the direction Kirito pointed at, I saw a white peak reaching into the sky. Although I say that, the structural limitations of Aincrad meant the height couldn't possibly exceed 100 meters, so climbing the mountain shouldn't be difficult.
"Alright, let's go then. I want to see your crying face as soon as possible anyway."
"Just don't become overwhelmed by my magnificent sword skills."
We both turned our faces away from each other with a 'Hmph'. But somehow, how should I put it, even though I was arguing with Kirito, my heart began to feel a little shaky—
I forcibly shook my head to get rid of these stupid thoughts and then began to crunch my way through the snow.
Although the white dragon's mountain looked dangerously steep from far away, we discovered that it was actually very easy to climb.
When I thought about it, many impromptu teams managed to accomplish this without any trouble, so there was no way it could be hard.
Even though it was already evening, which affects the strength of spawned monsters, the strongest that would appear right now were ice skeletons called «Frost Bone». Furthermore, bone-type monsters were no match for my mace. I simply continued to smash them apart with clear crunching sounds.
After walking up the snow-covered roads for several dozen minutes and turning towards the plunging icy cliffs, we had already reached the mountaintop.
The bottom of the next floor was extremely close. Huge columns of broken crystal pillars stood out from the thick layer of snow. The purple light of the setting sun refracted through these columns and scattered into the rainbow colors of the spectrum, painting a scene that can only be portrayed in dreams.
"Whaa...!"
Just as I cheered without restraint and was about to dash over, Kirito grabbed onto my collar to stop me.
"Oi... What are you doing?!"
"Hey, get ready to use the crystals first."
Against his extremely serious expression, I could only meekly nod. I materialized the crystals and then put them into my apron pockets.
"Also, it'll get dangerous from here on out, so it would be best if I continued on alone. Once the white dragon appears, just hide behind that crystal pillar over there and absolutely do not come out."
"...Why? My level is pretty high too! I wanna help too!"
"No!"
Kirito's black pupils stared directly into my eyes. The moment our eyes met, I understood that this person was truly worried for my safety from the bottom of his heart, so I let out a huge sigh and backed off. I didn't say anything and simply nodded lightly.
A smile spread across Kirito's face as he patted my head and said "Alright, let's go." I could only keep on nodding.
It felt like the atmosphere suddenly changed entirely.
After travelling all the way here with Kirito, could it be that my feelings had changed? Or did I get caught up in the mood—? Either way, I completely did not recognize this as a life-threatening encounter.
Over half of my experience came from forging weapons, so I had never entered any merciless battlefields.
But I felt that this person was different. He had a gaze that only one who fought every day in the most dangerous places could have.
I continued to walk with my scrambled emotions before we soon arrived at the center of the peak.
We quickly looked around, but found no sign of the white dragon. However, we saw an area sealed by crystal pillars—
"Wow..."
There was a gigantic cave opening of at least ten meters in diameter. The light reflected off the walls reached down the deep hole, while an impermeable darkness covered even the deeper regions.
"That's really deep..."
Kirito kicked a small chunk of crystal into the hole. The falling crystal glittered briefly before completely disappearing without even a sound.
"Don't fall down."
"As if I would!"
Not long after I replied, a sharp feral screech pierced out from the cave and spread across the entire mountain through the air that was stained blue by the sunset.
"Hide behind there!"
Kirito pointed towards a gigantic crystal pillar nearby and spoke in a commanding tone. I hurriedly followed his instructions while waving exaggeratedly at Kirito's shadow and yelling:
"Hey... The white dragon's attacks are slashes using both claws, freezing breath, and blizzard assault... B-Be careful!"
After quickly adding that last phrase, I saw Kirito, who kept his back towards me pretending to be cool, gave a thumbs-up with his left fist. The space in front of him began to shake, and a huge shape exploded outwards from the hole.
Various large, strangely-shaped polygons appeared in a continuous stream. As those polygons appeared — they began connecting with one another and the identity of the huge shape grew more evident. The shriek that made people quiver uncontrollably resounded once again. Countless shards scattered outwards in every direction before disappearing into the light rays.
A white dragon covered in scale-like shards of ice had appeared. It slowly beat its gigantic wings while hovering in the skies. The situation was frightening — or it could be more appropriately described as extremely beautiful. It stared with large, ruby-colored eyes, casting a contemptuous look down upon the two of us.
Kirito calmly reached his hand towards his back and unsheathed his jet-black one-handed sword with a perfect chime. Then, as if the sound had sent off a signal, the white dragon opened his huge jaw — and with a hardened sound, sprayed out a wave of white gas.
"It's the breath! Get out of the way!"
Even though I screamed, Kirito didn't budge a single inch. He stood perfectly still and thrusted upwards with the sword in his right hand.
There was no way such a thin weapon could block a breath attack—
As soon as I thought this, the sword began to spin like a windmill centered in Kirito's hand. Based on the light green color of the effect, it must be a sword skill. In just a second, the sword reached speeds invisible to the human eye and looked like it had become a shield of light.
The icy breath streamed directly towards the light shield while emitting a dizzying white light, which forced me to avert my eyes. But, when the cold air slammed into Kirito's sword-shield, it dispersed as if it had evaporated.
I quickly focused on Kirito's body to confirm his HP.
Maybe it was impossible to completely block the breath, because his life bar was slowly draining. But the shocking part was, the damage taken was recovering within just a few seconds. This must be the really high level battle skill «Battle Healing» — but to raise this skill, one must sustain enormous amount of battle damage. Considering the current floors, that was impossible to do so without endangering oneself.
Kirito — just who is he...?
Only now did I begin to seriously wonder about the identity of this black swordsman. His absurd power made him seem like a key strategic player. But his name wasn't amongst the list of KoB-dominated top guild players.
At this moment, Kirito, who accurately predicted the end of the icy onslaught, made his move. He burst through the snowy mist and leapt towards the dragon hovering in midair.
Normally, when fighting a flying enemy, one should first attack with a halberd or some sort of throwing weapon; only after long-range weapons knocked the enemy down to ground-level first did the short-ranged weapon users join the fray. But shockingly, Kirito flew upwards until he almost touched the white dragon's head, where he began to initiate consecutive sword combination techniques in midair.
With a sharp ring, Kirito's onslaught pummeled the white dragon's torso at a speed faster than the human eye could follow. Even though the white dragon retaliated with both of its claws, the difference in their capabilities was simply too much.
By the time Kirito slowly descended back down to the ground, the white dragon's HP bar was already down by over a third.
—It was single-handed slaughter. Watching this unbelievable battle made my spine shiver endlessly.
Suddenly the white dragon aimed at the grounded Kirito and blasted its icy breath, but this time he sprinted to dodge the attack and then leapt back up into the air. With a deep and heavy sound, a single powerful attack struck the target, and the white dragon's health dropped significantly.
The HP bar immediately changed from yellow to red, and the battle should conclude with just one or two more attacks. I decided that this time I would honestly praise Kirito's skill and took one step out from behind the crystal pillar.
At that moment, as if he had eyes on the back of his head, Kirito suddenly shouted:
"Idiot! Don't come out yet!"
"What? It's obviously about to finish right? Just hurry up and end it..."
As I replied in a loud voice—
The dragon, flying even higher than before, fully expanded its wings. As its wings beat forward, the snow directly below the dragon went flying with a *bang*.
"......?"
As I stood frozen in shock by the scene before me. Kirito stabbed his sword into the ground several meters in front of me and moved his mouth like he wanted to tell me something, but his profile was immediately blocked by the snow. A moment later an incredible pressure, like a wall of wind, hit and easily blew me into the air.
Crap... The blizzard attack!
As I tumbled across the air, I finally remembered what I myself had just said about the white dragon's attacks. Thankfully, this skill didn't have much attack power, so I took virtually no damage. I spread open both my arms and took a posture for landing.
But as the snow dispersed — there was no ground in the clearing up ahead.
It was the gigantic hole atop the mountain peak. I had been blown into the air directly overhead this huge pit.
My thoughts immediately stopped; my entire body completely froze.
"You've got to be kidding me..."
With my mind completely paralyzed, I could only utter these words, while my right hand reached towards the air in vain—
—A hand covered in only a black-leather glove suddenly grasped my fingers.
My unfocused eyes suddenly sprang open.
...!
Kirito, who had been confronting the white dragon far away, sprinted over here at a frightening speed and leapt into the air without hesitation. He extended his right hand to grab onto mine and then pulled me into his embrace. After that he loosened his right arm to wrap around my back and hugged me tightly.
"Hold on tight!"
As I heard Kirito's voice reverberating beside my ear, I forgot myself and tightly hugged his body with both of my arms. We began to descend only an instant later.
In the center of the cave opening, the two of us fell straight down while holding onto each other. The wind howled in our ears and our coats flailed about wildly.
If this hole extended down to the surface of the floor, then falling from this height meant certain death. This thought suddenly passed through my mind, but I just didn't feel like this was actually happening right now. All I could do was to keep staring dumbly at the disappearing circle of white light.
Suddenly, Kirito's sword-wielding right arm began to move. He raised the sword forcibly and then swung it forward. A flash of light burst out, accompanied by the loud echoing *clang* of metal striking one another.
The strong counterforce changed our fall trajectory, pushing us towards the cave walls. The blue icy walls gradually approached, and I couldn't help but bite down my teeth. We were going to crash—!
Just as we were about to collide with the wall, Kirito raised the sword in his right hand once again and stabbed it into the wall at full power. Fiery sparks exploded outwards as if the weapon had struck a whetstone. The sudden attack slowed our falling speed, but it was unable to completely stop our descent.
The screeching sound of metallic cutting continued as Kirito's sword kept on cutting the wall of ice. I turned my neck to look down and noticed that we could already see the white snow-covered bottom of the cave. I watched it come closer and closer, until there were only a few seconds left before we crashed. I wanted to at least refrain from screaming, so I bit down on my lip and tightly held onto Kirito.
Kirito let go of his sword, used both arms to hold me tightly, and rotated his body so that he was on the bottom. Then—
An impact. A huge sound.
The snowflakes that were blasted into the air by the force of our fall began to land lightly on my cheeks before melting away.
The cold sensation pulled back my scattered thoughts. I opened my eyes, and my gaze met with that of Kirito's black pupils as he laid extremely close to me.
Kirito was still hugging me tightly; he raised the corner of his mouth and smiled weakly.
"...Still alive?"
I nodded back weakly and replied:
"Yeah, still alive."
For several dozen seconds — or maybe several minutes, we simply laid motionlessly in that position. The heat from Kirito's body allowed my entire self to relax and my mind to go completely blank.
After a while, Kirito let go of my arm and slowly stood back up. He first picked up the sword that fell nearby and returned it to his inventory, and then pulled out from his waist pouch a bottle of what was probably a high-class recovery potion, as well as another bottle for me.
"Anyhow, just drink it."
"...Okay."
I nodded and sat up to receive the potion while checking my own HP bar. I still had about one-third left, but Kirito, who had struck the ground directly, was already in the red zone.
I pulled off the cork and gulped down the sweet liquid in one breath, then turned towards Kirito. Remaining in my relaxed posture, I began to move the lips that have such a hard time saying anything nice.
"Ummm... Th-Thank you for saving me..."
Kirito weakly showed his usual sneer and replied:
"It's still too early to thank me."
He quickly glanced towards the sky.
"...Thank god the white dragon didn't chase us, but how are we going to get out of here..."
"Eh...? Can't we just teleport?"
I reached into my apron pocket and pulled out a sparkling blue crystal to show Kirito. But—
"That probably won't work, since this is a trap made especially for players, I doubt we'll be able to get out that easily."
"How could this be...?"
Kirito hinted at me with his eyes to try it out, so I held the crystal tightly and commanded:
"Teleport! Rindaasu!"
—My shout echoed emptily off the frozen walls before finally disappearing. The crystal simply continued to sparkle silently.
Kirito squeezed my shoulders lightly without making any sound.
"If I thought we could use crystals, then I would have already used it when we were falling. But because this place felt like it would be an anti-crystal zone..."
"..."
I dropped my head in despair; Kirito put his hand on my head with a *pat* and tousled my hair.
"Alright alright, don't cry. If we can't use crystals, then there must be another way out of here."
"...Maybe not, maybe this is an inescapable pit that guarantees death... Or should I say, we're already dead!"
"Hmmm, maybe you're right."
Watching Kirito nod in agreement made me lose all the energy in my body once again.
"What...What kind of attitude is that!? Can't you be a little more positive?"
After I suddenly yelled, Kirito smiled and said:
“That angry expression is much more like you, keep it up!”
“Wha......?”
My cheeks flushed red and my body froze in place. Kirito then lifted his hand from my head and stood back up.
“Well, let's try some things out. Any ideas?”
“...”
I smiled bitterly at Kirito, who was clearly unaffected by the situation we were in and kept up his usual attitude. Feeling a bit more cheerful, I slapped my cheeks with both hands and stood up.
I surveyed my surroundings; the cave's bottom was a flat surface of ice with a hint of snow. The diameter should be about 10 meters just like the cave's opening. The icy walls near the top continued to reflect rays of light from the setting sun, but this place would soon be completely engulfed by darkness.
I looked around, but there was no visible way out on either the walls or the floor. I put both my hands on my waist, ran my brain at full capacity, and told Kirito the first idea that came to mind.
“Mm... Can we ask for help from someone?”
Kirito denied it instantly:
“Uh—— I'm guessing this place is considered a dungeon.”
Players registered as 'friends,' such as Asuna in my case, can communicate through a type of mail called 'private message.' However, that function cannot be used within a dungeon, nor could the 'trace system' be used to locate them.
I opened the message window in blind hope, but as Kirito said, it was unavailable.
“Well... How about we shout at other players who come to hunt the dragon?”
“I think we are about 80 meters away from the apex, so my guess is that our voices won't reach that far.”
“I guess so... Wait! Now you come up with an idea!”
When I retorted at Kirito, upset at him for constantly putting down my ideas, he replied with something preposterous:
“Run up along the wall.”
“......Are you an idiot?”
“Well, let's find out.”
While I stared at him with a dumbstruck expression, Kirito walked up to one side of the cave and started dashing toward the walls on the opposite side with unnatural speed. The snow blew off the floor and a gale of wind smashed into my face. Just as he was about to hit the wall, Kirito crouched and leaped upwards with explosive force. He stepped on the walls at an unbelievable height and then started running diagonally along the wall.
“Oh my god...”
As I watched in awe, Kirito was already far above me and running upwards in a spiral along the walls like one of those ninjas from a third-rate movie. His silhouette got smaller and smaller—
Then, as he was a third of the way up, he suddenly slipped.
“Ahhhhhhhh!!!”
Kirito floundered about as he fell towards my head.
“Kyaaaaa!!!”
As I backed off screaming, a human-shaped hole appeared right where I was standing. A minute later, after Kirito finished his second health potion, I sat down next to him and sighed.
"I kept thinking you were an idiot, but I never even considered that you were this stupid..."
“I would have succeeded if the initial approach was longer.”
“Not a chance.”
I blurted out softly.
Kirito ignored my words and returned the empty potion bottle to his pouch. After stretching his arms, he said:
“Well, it's getting too dark, so let's just camp here. Fortunately, I don't think any monsters spawn in this hole.”
The sun had already set, and the bottom of the hole was getting quite dark.
“I guess so...”
“Well then...”
Kirito opened a window and materialized several things. A camp stove[1], a pot, several small sacks that I couldn't tell what they were for, and two mugs came out.
“...You always carry these around?”
“I tend to camp out in the fields quite often.”
He said it with such a serious expression that I don't think he was joking.
He clicked on the stove; it lit with a *fwoosh* and illuminated the place with a soft orange glow. Kirito put a pot over the stove, then tossed in a few chunks of snow before pouring in the contents of those small sacks. He closed the pot with a lid and doubled clicked it; a timer window for cooking then popped up.
Soon I began to smell a herbal aroma. Now that I thought about it, I hadn't eaten anything since that hot dog in the morning. My stomach suddenly demanded food loudly as if it just remembered that it was starving.
The cooking timer disappeared with a *pin pon*, and then Kirito split the contents of the pot into two mugs.
“Don't expect too much, my cooking proficiency is zero.”
“Thank you...”
The warmth transferred to my hands through the mug that Kirito handed to me. It was a simple soup of dried meat and herbs, but the ingredients' item levels seemed to be high and it was more than delicious. The heat also spread throughout my cold body.
“What a mysterious feeling this is... I don't feel like this is real.”
I mumbled as I drank the soup.
“I mean this situation, camping in an unexplored area and having a meal with a stranger...”
“Ah, I guess so... since you are an artisan. I make PuGs[2] with random players and camp with them quite often.”
“Hmm, really? ...Tell me some more, about the dungeons and everything.”
“Huh? Mm...okay. I don't think it's that interesting though... oh wait, before I start......”
Kirito collected the empty mugs and pot, and returned them to his inventory. He opened the panel again and materialized what looked like two rolled up chunks of cloth.
After he unfolded them, they revealed themselves to be sleeping bags. They looked similar to their real world equivalents, only significantly larger.
“These are high-end items. Perfect heat preservation, plus a hiding effect against aggressive monsters.”
He tossed me one as he smiled. When I laid it on the snow, it looked like it could fit three people of my size. Dumbfounded by the size of it, I spoke to Kirito:
“It's remarkable that you bring these things everywhere, and especially two of them......”
“Well, I should utilize my inventory space for something.”
Kirito quickly unequipped himself and laid down in the sleeping bag on the left. I also unequipped my cloak and mace, and rolled into the sleeping bag. It was a high-end item all right; the inside was very warm, and a lot fluffier than it looked. We were a meter apart with the stove in between us. But I was still feeling a little... embarrassed, so I spoke again to get rid of the silence:
“Mm...yeah, go on with the story...”
“Oh, sure...”
Kirito slowly started talking after he laid his head on his hands.
He told me about the time when he got trapped by MPK —— criminals who purposely gathered mobs to ambush other players —— in a dungeon. And a story of fighting a boss mob with low damage but an obscene amount of health for two full days by taking turns to sleep with other players. There was also the time he rolled dice with 100 other players for a rare item. All of his stories were thrilling, delightful, and somewhat humorous. His stories also made one thing obvious—— he was one of the Clearers, those who risk their lives on the frontline. But that also meant this person was burdened with the fates of thousands of players. He wasn't the type of person who should risk his life just to save me.
I turned toward Kirito and looked at his face. His black eyes were reflecting the light from the stove.
“Hey... Kirito, can I ask you something...?”
“—Why so serious all of a sudden?”
“Why did you save me at that moment...? There was no guarantee that you would have succeeded. Well, it was more likely that you were just going to die with me, so... Why......?”
Kirito's expression hardened for a second, but he immediately relaxed to his usual face and responded with a calm voice:
“...I would rather die alongside them than watch someone else die without doing anything. Especially if that someone is a girl like you, Liz.”
“...You really are an idiot. You are probably the only one who would say such a thing.”
Although I retorted sarcastically, my eyes couldn't help but weep. A part of my heart ached, and I tried my hardest to control and hide it. I haven't heard such stubborn, upright, and warm words since I came to this world. No, I haven't heard such words even before in the real world.
The painful feelings of loneliness and wanting to interact with others more that had been buried deep within a corner of my heart suddenly flared and engulfed me like a tempest. I wanted Kirito's warmth close enough for my heart to feel—
Without realizing it, the words spilled forth from my mouth:
“Would you... hold my hand?”


I turned towards Kirito, pulled my right arm out of the sleeping bag, and reached towards my left.
Kirito's eyes widened slightly, but he answered 'Yes' in a small voice and held out his left hand. When our fingers touched, we both jerked our hands away for a second, but then reached in again to grasp our hands together.
I held onto Kirito's hand tightly, which was a lot warmer than the soup that I just ate. Although the back of my hand was still laying on the ice, I didn't feel any coldness. I felt human warmth. I felt like I had finally figured out what the longing was that had settled in a corner of my heart ever since I came to this world.
Because I was afraid of becoming aware of the fact that this world was an illusion— that my real body was somewhere far away, unreachable no matter how hard I tried, I continued to set goals for myself and focused everything on my job. I convinced myself that leveling up my blacksmithing skills and expanding my store was my reality.
But some part of me always knew that this was all a fake, nothing more than simple data. What I starved for was true human warmth.
Of course, Kirito's body was also data. The warmth that I feel now were just electric signals for my brain to react to. But I finally realized that it didn't matter. I could feel his heart —— whether in the real world or in this simulated world, this was the only truth.

As I held Kirito's hand firmly, I smiled and closed my eyes. Although my heart was beating faster than ever, sleep came to me regrettably quick and dragged my consciousness into the pleasant darkness.

Part 3
A refreshingly sweet scent gradually drifted past my nose; I slowly opened my eyes and saw the entire world enveloped by a white glow. The dawning light, which had already been reflected several times down the icy walls, caused the snow at the bottom of the cave to glitter.
I shifted my eyes and noticed a teapot sitting atop the lantern, with vapor wavering above it. Looks like that's where the smell was coming from. In front of the lantern sat a person in black clothes whose face I could only see from the side. But as soon as I saw that figure, a small flame seemed to ignite within my heart.
Kirito turned his head, revealed a tiny smile, and said:
"Morning."
"......Morning."
I replied. As I prepared to get up, I noticed that my right hand, which should have been hanging outside when I went to sleep, was neatly placed back inside the sleeping bag. I brought the warmth that lingered in that palm to my lips, and then suddenly jumped up.
Kirito brought a steaming mug to me, who had just crawled out onto the snow. After thanking him, I accepted the mug and sat down beside him. In it was a kind of flowery tea with a mint-like aroma which I had never tasted before. As I slowly drank the tea one sip at a time, allowing it to gently sink into my body. My heart pleasantly warmed up.
I shifted my body, leaning it right against Kirito's. As I turned my head, our eyes met for an instant before quickly separating. For a short while, only the sounds of two people drinking tea could be heard.
"Hey......"
Finally, I murmured with a small voice while my eyes continued to stay fixed on my cup.
"Hmmm?"
"......If we really can't get out of here, then what should we do?"
"Spend every day sleeping."
"That sure was a quick reply. Think about it a little more!"
I smiled as I prodded Kirito's arm with my elbow.
"......Although, that wouldn't be bad either......"
After saying this, I began to lean my head towards Kirito's shoulder—
"Ah......!?"
Kirito suddenly cried out and leaned forward. I, losing my support, ended up falling onto the ground with a *plop*.
"Geez, what was that for!"
I complained angrily as I straightened my torso back up, but Kirito stood up without even looking back. Following that, he sprinted towards the middle of that circular pit.
While in doubt, I also got up and followed him.
"Just what is it?"
"Oh, just a little......"
Kirito knelt down onto the floor and began to brush aside the snow, piled up on the ground, with both hands. He quickly dug up a deep hole as a scraping sound reverberated. And then—
"Ah!?"
A beam of silvery light suddenly flashed into my eyes. Something buried deep inside the snow was reflecting the light of the rising sun.
Kirito dug that thing out, seized it with both hands, and then stood back up. Unable to restrain my curiosity, I peered into it from an extremely close distance.
It was a transparent, silvery-white, rectangular object. Just slightly bigger than both of Kirito's hands. It was of a familiar shape, with a familiar size — a metallic material. But I had yet to see one of this color.
I tapped the material lightly with my right hand's fingers. An automatic window immediately popped up. The object was named «Crystalite Ingot».
"This— Isn't this..."
As I looked up towards Kirito's face, he too, nodded with a confused expression.
"Yeah... This is the metal we've been looking for... I wonder why it's here..."
"But, just why was it buried here?"
"Hmm......"
Kirito continued to stare at the ingot grasped in his right hand as he thought about it, before letting out a short, "Ah..."
"...The white dragon eats crystals...... which are refined in its stomach to become...... Hehe, so that's how it goes!"
He seemed to have figured it out and started showing a smile, then tossed the metal ingot towards me. I hurriedly caught it with both hands and held it close to my chest.
"Hey, what's with that! Don't just stop after figuring it out yourself!"
"This cave isn't a trap. It's the dragon's nest."
"Eh-? Eeh?"
"In other words, that ingot is the dragon's excretion. Its feces."
"Fe..."
While my cheeks were twitching, I dropped my glance at the ingot at my chest.
"Geeee"
Without thinking, I threw it back at Kirito.
"Woah"
That was repelled back by Kirito skillfully with his fingertips. After childishly throwing it at each other repeatedly, it finally came to a closure with Kirito making quick work of expanding the item field to store the ingot.
"Well, anyway, we accomplished our goal. Now, all that's left is......"
"If only we could get out of here..."
Both of us sighed as we exchanged glances.
"For the time being, there's no choice but to try everything we can come up with."
"I guess so. Aah, if only I had wings like the dragon..."
It happened the moment I said that. Realizing something, I left my mouth agape, at a loss for words.
"...What's up, Liz?"
Facing towards Kirito, who was peering at me, with his head tilted to the side.
"Hey. You said this place was the dragon's nest, right?"
"Ah. As long as there are feces, that's..."
"That's not important! Dragons are nocturnal, now that it's morning, shouldn't it be returning to its nest..."
"..."
For a short while, my glance met with Kirito's, who became silent, and then both of us looked up into the sky at the entrance of the hole. Exactly at that moment...
Far up, high in the air, within the circular-cut white light, a blurred black shadow was born. That shadow grew ever bigger as we stared at it. It took only an instant before I could soon see a pair of wings, a long tail and four feet armed with claws.
"It's...It's..."
We backed off together. However, of course, there wasn't any place to escape to.
"It's here———"
Both of us shouted while drawing our respective weapons.
The white dragon, that swooped down into the pit, noticed our presence and made a high pitched cry, stopping just before hitting the ground. Its red eyes with vertical pupils were filled with clear hostility towards the intruders of its nest. However, there was nowhere to hide at the bottom of the narrow hole. I prepared my mace while suppressing my nervousness.
Similarly, Kirito readied his one-handed sword and moved in front of me, quickly saying.
"Listen, stay behind me. Drink a potion immediately after losing even a little HP."
"Y-Yeah..."
I simply nodded obediently this time.
The dragon opened its vast mouth and roared once more. Its wings created a gust of wind, which made snow whirl into the air.
*Bitan!* *Bitan!* The dragon's long tail was striking the ground, each hit digging a deep ditch in the snowy surface.
Brandishing the sword in his right hand without pause, as to gain the initiative, Kirito suddenly ceased his movement just as he was about to charge forth.
"...Ah... Maybe..."
He let out in a low voice.
"Wha-What's the matter?"
"No..."
Without answering my question, Kirito kept his sword in its scabbard, abruptly turned around and firmly embraced me with his left arm.
"Ehh!?"
Without understanding anything, I panicked and I was further raised up to Kirito's shoulder.
"H-Hey, what are you— Wahh!!"
A *Zuban!* rang out with the impact, and together with that, the surroundings' scenery went blurry. Kirito dashed towards the wall with violent force. Just before crashing, he did a great jump, and just like yesterday's attempt to escape, he began running on the curved wall surface. However, as if there was no intention to ascend, the orbit stayed level. The dragon's head heartily turned and continued targeting us, however Kirito continued running at a speed exceeding what the dragon could follow.
A few seconds later, when Kirito finally landed on the bottom of the hole, my eyes were completely spinning. Finally opening my eyes after blinking them countless times, before me was the rear of the dragon. It had lost sight of us and was restlessly swinging its head left and right.
Just as I thought that Kirito was planning to attack from behind, he surprisingly quietly approached the dragon— With his right hand stretched out, he forcefully grabbed the tip of the dragon's swaying tail.
At that moment, the dragon let out a high-pitched cry. A shriek of surprise— or maybe that was just my imagination. Being increasingly unable to comprehend Kirito's intentions, I was just about to let out a scream too.
All of a sudden, the white dragon spread out both of its wings and began a sharp ascent at terrific speed.
"Oof!"
The air struck my face. Without even the time to think about that, our bodies flew out in midair with a force like that of being shot out of a bow. While we held onto the dragon's tail, it shook left and right as it ran up the pit. The circular bottom of the pit became distant very quickly.
"Liz! Hold on!!"
In response to Kirito's voice, I clung onto his head in a trance. The sunlight that shone on the surrounding ice ridges grew steadily brighter with the pitch of the sound of the cutting winds changing subtly— At the moment I thought the world exploded in a white radiance, we were flown outside of the hole.
The moment I opened my squinting eyes, a bird's-eye view of the vast 55th floor spread out below me.
Directly below me was a beautiful cone-shaped snowy mountain. Slightly further off, a small village. Beyond the vast snow field and the thick forest, the pointed roofs of every house of the main district were joined together. The scene where all of these were glittering, struck by the radiant sunlight, even made me forget about the terror, and I unintentionally cheered.
"Waa..."
"Yeah—!!"
Kirito too shouted loudly, and let his right hand go from the dragon's tail. He carried me like a child and entrusted himself to the inertia, dancing in the air.
The flight was only for several seconds, yet it felt like ten times that. I believe I was smiling. The overwhelming light and winds were sweeping through my heart. My emotions were being sublimated.
"Kirito— You know, I!!"
I shouted with all my heart.
"What!?"
"I-I like you!!"
"Come again!? I didn't hear that!!"
"It's nothing!!"
Clinging on tightly to his head, I burst out in laughter. Eventually, this moment, which felt almost like a miracle, ended, and we closed in on the ground. Turning about one last round, Kirito greatly widened his legs and took up a landing posture.
The snow went, *Bafun!*, as it flew up into the air. A long glide. Pushing our way through the white crystals like a snow-plow as we were slowing down, we finally stopped near the mountain summit.
"...Fuu."
Kirito took a breath of air and dropped me onto the ground. With reluctance, I turned my head and unwrapped my arms from him.
The both of us looked towards the direction of the big hole together; the dragon which seemed to have lost sight of us slowly flew circles in the skies.
Kirito placed his hand on the sword on his back, drawing the blade slightly, but immediately soon returned it to its scabbard with a *cling* sound. With a light smile on his face, he faced the dragon and said softly.
"...You must have been troubled by all of those turning up to hunt you till now. Once the method of getting the item is spread, the people coming to kill you should be gone too. So from now on, live without worries."
—Facing a monster, which only moved according to the system configured algorithm, and doing such a thing; that was something I would have thought of as stupid up till yesterday. But for some reason, I somehow felt that I could meekly welcome Kirito's words into my heart now. Reaching out with my right hand, I gently grasped Kirito's left hand.
The both of us silently watched over the scene as the white dragon turned its head about, before giving a single clear cry and descended into its nest. Silence arrived.
Before long, Kirito glanced this way, and spoke.
"Well then, let's get back?"
"I guess so."
"Want to go with the crystal?"
"...No, let's walk back."
I answered while smiling and stepped forward holding Kirito's hand. I then realized something and looked at Kirito's face.
"Ah... The lantern and bedroll and such, we left them behind, didn't we."
"Now that you mentioned it... Well, it's okay. Somebody might make use of it."
We exchanged glances and laughed, this time for sure, we began to slowly walk the mountain trail, following the road home. I took a quick look around my nearby surroundings, the skies were clear, without a single cloud in the sky.

"I'm back!"
I vigorously opened the door of my dear home.
"Welcome back."
Despite the store-tending female NPC standing at the counter merely giving a polite reply to my greeting, I waved my hand and turned about, looking around my store. I had only been away for a mere one day, but strangely enough, it seemed fresh.
Kirito, who had bought take-out from the same stall as yesterday, entered the store behind me, with a hot dog held in his mouth.
"It's almost noon after all, so you should have just eaten it in that stall."
As I voiced out my complaints, Kirito grinned as he waved his left hand, bring out a window.
"Before that, let's get to making it already, the sword."
Deftly manipulating the inventory, he materialized the silver ingot. Carefully catching it — ignoring the origin of the item for the moment — I nodded.
"That's right, let's do it. Come over to the workshop."
Opening the door behind the counter, the thudding sound of the waterwheel became conspicuously louder. Pulling down the lever on the wall, the bellows began to move, delivering air in. The furnace immediately began to glow a vivid red.
I gently dropped the ingot into the furnace, and turned back towards Kirito.
"A single-handed straight sword is fine, right?"
"Yep. I'm counting on you."
Kirito nodded as he sat on the circle stool meant for visitors.
"Understood. —Just a word of warning, but the end result has an aspect of randomness to it, so don't expect too much from it, alright?"
"We can just go get it again if it fails. This time with a rope."
"...Yeah, a long one."
Recalling that grand fall, I unwittingly let out a smile. Dropping my sight to the furnace, I noticed that the ingot seemed to have been sufficiently heated. Taking it out with pliers, I placed it onto the anvil.
I picked up my favorite smithing hammer from the wall, did the setup on the menu, and took another glance towards Kirito's face. In reply to his silent nodding, I smiled, and grandly lifted the hammer over my head.
I forged my spirit in as I hit the metal gleaming crimson; along with a clear *Kan!* sound, bright sparks generously scattered about.
Within the section on smithing in the Reference Help, about the manufacturing process, "According to the type of weapon being created, and the rank of metal used, the ingot will need to be hit a certain number of times." was all that was used to describe it.
In other words, during the deed of striking the metal with the hammer, there was no possibility for the player's skill to affect anything; this should be how it should be read, but there were all kinds of rumors and occult-like theories floating about SAO, that the precision of the striking rhythm and the fighting spirit of the blacksmith is able to manipulate the result, such goes the firmly ingrained opinions around.
I think of myself as a rational person, but I only put faith in this theory through my long time of experience. Therefore, I would lose any excess thoughts when producing arms, concentrating my awareness within the right hand throwing down the hammer, striking without stop with my mind blank— that is what I believed.
However.
While hitting the ingot, producing refreshing clanking sounds, various thoughts whirled about in my mind now, unable to leave.
If the sword was made successfully, and the request finished— Kirito would naturally return to the clearing at the frontlines, and there should not be many chances to meet up. Even if he comes for maintenance on the sword, that would be once every ten days at best.
Something like that— I don't want something like that. I felt a voice shouting so within myself.
While hungering for the warmth of another— No, that was why, that was the reason why I hesitated shortening the distance with any particular male player up until now. I was afraid of the lonely winter within me completely changing with love. That was not true love, just a delusion created by an illusionary world; that was what I thought.
But last night, while feeling the warmth from Kirito's hands, I realized, that those feelings of hesitation were the illusionary thorns that bound me. I am myself— The blacksmith, Lisbeth, and at the same time, Shinozaki Rika. Kirito was the same. Not a character from a game, but an actual living human being. Hence, my love for him; these feelings are real too.
If I manage to hit up a satisfying sword, I'll confess my feelings to him. That I want him to be by my side, that I want him to come back to this home from the labyrinth, everyday, that's what I'll tell him.
By the time the ingot was forged, its radiance shining ever brighter, the feelings within myself too, seemed to have been firmed up as well. I felt my feelings flowing out from my right hand, streaming into the weapon born from the hammer.
—And so, the moment had finally arrived.
I did not know how many times it had occurred thus far — probably somewhere between two hundred to two hundred and fifty times — immediately following the sound of the hammer, the ingot let loose a noticeably dazzling white gleam.
The rectangular object changed its shape bit by bit as it shone. It began growing palely from its front and rear, and next, a bulge that resembled a hilt swelled outwards.
"Ohh..."
Letting out murmurs of wonder in a low tone, Kirito got up from the chair, and approached. As we watched over side by side, the object generation was completed in several seconds, finally revealing its shape as a single long sword.
Beautiful; it was a truly beautiful sword. As a one-handed longsword, it was rather gorgeous. The blade was pale, and though not to the extent of a rapier, it was slender. As if it had inherited the property of the ingot, it could be seen as extremely slightly transparent. The blade was colored a blinding white. The grip was silver, with a slight tinge of blue.
«A World Where The Sword Symbolizes The Player»; as if to support that promised phrase, the variety of weapons set up in SAO were outrageously numerous. If one were to list down the names peculiar to the weapons included in each category from the start, it was said that it would likely be thousands of lines long.
Unlike a normal RPG, the diversity of those distinguishing names spread out further as the rank of the weapons increased. Lower ranked weapons, for example, within the one-handed longswords, «Bronze Sword», «Steel Sword»; for the swords with such dull names, countless numbers of them existed in this world; but as for weapons of the highest rank such as the one present here right now, taking something like Asuna's «Lambent Light» for example, there is likely only one in the world, literally a one-of-a-kind object.
Of course, rapiers with the same level of ability, regardless of whether they are player-made or dropped from monsters, probably do exist. But each of them has a different name, possessing different appearances. And with that, high level weapons have a certain charm to them, becoming something like a partner with whom you share your spirit with.
Since the weapon's name and appearance are decided by the system, even we, the manufacturers, do not completely understand it. I lifted up the sword glittering atop the anvil— or at least, I tried to; I was surprised by the weight, unsuitable for its elegant outward appearance. It had a physical strength requirement that was not inferior to the black sword Kirito holds, «Elucidator». Straining my back, I brought it up before my chest with a cry.
Reaching out with a finger on my right hand supporting the base of the sword blade, I gave it a single click. I looked into the popup window that rose to its surface.
"Well, its name seems to be «Dark Repulser». It's the first time I've heard that, so I don't believe it's mentioned on the information store's list at the moment. —Here, try it out."
"Okay."
Kirito nodded and, reaching out with his right hand, he gripped the sword's handle. He lifted it up with actions that seemed unaffected by its weight. Waving his left hand to draw out the main menu, he manipulated the equipment figure, targeting the white sword. With this, the sword would be equipped to Kirito in the system, allowing for its numerical potential to be confirmed.
But Kirito immediately closed the menu, and having taken several steps back, he switched it to his left hand, swinging a few times with swishing sounds.
"—How is it?"
I asked without delay. Kirito gazed at the blade for a short moment in silence, but— soon, he smiled with a broad grin.
"It sure is heavy. ...It's a good sword."
"Really!? ...Alright!!"
I assumed a triumphant pose with my right hand without thinking. With that hand reached out, I bumped it against Kirito's right fist.
It had been a while since I felt this way.
Long ago— During the time I did sales from a street stall on the main streets of the tenth floor, I felt this way when my recklessly made arms were praised by customers. I'm glad I became a blacksmith, that was what I would honestly feel, from the bottom of my heart for that instant. When I went on to master my skills and move on to do business with only the high leveled players, I had forgotten about this feeling before I realized it.
"...It's a problem with my heart, huh... all of it..."
Towards the words I casually leaked out, Kirito inclined his head with a curious look.
"N-No, it's nothing. —Putting that aside, let's have a drink somewhere. I'm hungry."
Raising my voice to hide my embarrassment, I pushed Kirito's shoulders from behind. I thought to get out of the workshop in that posture, but— a question suddenly came to me.
"...Hey."
"Hm?"
Kirito looked back over his shoulder. That hung on his back; the black one-handed sword.
"Speaking of which— In the beginning, you did say, a sword equal to this one, didn't you. That white one certainly is a good sword, but I don't think there's much difference with that monster dropped one. Why would you need two swords resembling each other?"
"Aah..."
Kirito turned about, staring at me with an expression that showed that he was hesitating over something.
"Well, I can't explain everything. If you won't ask any further than that, I can tell you."
"What's with that? Acting all cool."
"Step back a little."
After I stepped back alongside the workshop's walls, with the white sword still hung down, Kirito drew the black sword, from his back with a high-pitched sound, with his right hand.
"...?"
I couldn't comprehend his intentions. After having manipulated the equipment figure earlier, with the current system, his equipped status should be only the sword in his left hand; holding onto another weapon with his right hand should not be of any use whatsoever. On the contrary, with something that's considered an irregular equipped status like that, it would not be possible to activate sword skills.
Glancing towards my confused face for a mere instant, Kirito calmly assumed a stance with the left and right swords. The right sword in front, the left sword behind. Dropping his hips slightly, and with that, in the very next instant.


A scarlet flash effect burst out, dyeing the workshop in its color.
The swords in Kirito's hands alternated, attacking his front with a speed that could not be followed by sight. *Kyubabababa!*, these sounds exerted pressure on the very air, and despite not actually aimed at anything, the objects within the room rattled.
It was obviously a sword technique arranged by the system. But— I have never heard of anything like a skill that uses two swords!
In front of me, standing stock still as I caught my breath, Kirito silently raised his body, having finished the consecutive attack technique that probably reached ten chained hits.
Clearing away both swords— returning only the sword in his right hand to his back, he looked at my face and spoke.
"And well, that's how it is. —I'll need a scabbard for this sword. Can I choose one?"
"Ah... Y-Yeah."
Just how many times had I already been dumbfounded by Kirito. Although I should have been used to it by now, for the time being, I decided to hold back my questions, reaching my hand towards the wall, displaying the home menu.
Scrolling through the storage screen, I gazed through the summary for the stock of scabbards I collected from craftsmen I was close to. Picking out one rather similar to the one equipped on Kirito's back, made from black leather, I materialized it. After I set in a small logo of my shop, I handed it over to Kirito. Kirito, having stored the white sword into the scabbard with a brief sound, opened a window and stashed it away. I thought he would equip both of them on his back, but it didn't seem that way.
"...So it's a secret? That earlier."
"Nn, well, yeah. Don't tell anyone about it, alright?"
"Got it."
Skill information is one's greatest lifeline, so if he tells me not to ask, I won't pursue the matter. That aside, I was glad that he even allowed me even a peek at his secret, and nodded with a small smile.
"...Well then."
Kirito placed his hands on his hips and his expression changed.
"This would be the end of my request. I'll be paying for the sword. How much?"
"Aah, that's..."
I bit my lips for a moment— I verbalized the reply that had always been seething within me.
"I won't need, any payment."
"...Eeh?"
"In return for that, I want Kirito to make me your exclusive smith."
Kirito's eyes showed slight signs of surprise.
"...Just what, do you mean by that...?"
"Whenever you complete your clearing, come over here, and let me do maintenance on your equipment... —Everyday, from now on, without fail."
My heartbeat heightened without bounds. Whether this was a feeling from my virtual body, or perhaps my actual heart, too, was throbbing in the same way as well— I wondered about that in a corner of my mind. My cheeks were on fire. Every single part of my face must have turned completely red right now.
Even Kirito, who had always maintained his poker face, seemed to have realized the meaning behind my words, and hung his red face down from shyness. I had always thought of him as older, but after seeing him in that state, it appeared like he was of the same generation, or perhaps even younger than me.
I mustered up my courage and took a step forward, taking a hold on his arm.
"Kirito... I..."
I cried those words out so loudly the time we escaped from the dragon's nest, but when speaking of it now, my tongue refuses to move. I kept staring into Kirito's black pupils, willing that single word to come out one way or another— It was then.
The workshop's door was forcefully opened. I released Kirito's hand by reflex, and jumped.
"Liz, I was so worried!!"
The person, who rushed in right after that instant, hugged me with the same force as a body slam while shouting out in a large voice. That chestnut-colored long hair softly danced in the air.
"Ah, Asuna..."
Asuna continued speaking without pause, staring closely at my face, locked in a dumbfounded expression, the entire time.
"Messages couldn't reach you; your map position couldn't even be traced; not to mention your regular customers didn't know anything about it, so just where did you go last night!? I even went all the way to the Black Iron Castle to check, you know!"
"So-Sorry. I just got stuck in a labyrinth for a bit..."
"A dungeon!? Liz, you went alone!?"
"Nah, with that person..."
I pointed in the direction diagonally behind Asuna with my glance. Asuna spun around, and after noticing that swordsman dressed in black standing there, looking bored, she froze with her eyes and mouth left open blankly. Following that, in a voice an octave higher—
"Ki-Kirito-kun!?"
"Eeh!?"
This time, it was my turn to be amazed. I looked over at Kirito, who was standing up straight, just like Asuna.
He gave a small cough, and spoke as he raised his right hand.
"Well, Asuna, it's been a while... or not, I suppose. A couple of days."
"Y-Yeah. ...That was surprising. I see, so you came here right away. If you had told me, I could have come along."
Asuna hid her palms behind her, and laughed shyly, tapping the floor repeatedly with the heels of her boots. I saw those cheeks slightly tinged with the shade of cherry blossom pink.
And I understood the entire situation.
It was not mere coincidence that brought Kirito to this shop. Keeping that promise with me, Asuna recommended this place... to the person in her heart.
—Just what should I do...? Just what should I do?
All that swirled around in circles within my mind, were those words. I felt like the heat from my entire body was slowly flowing out from the tips of my feet. I can't feel any strength. I can't breathe. Emotions came forth, without any way to release them...
Turning around to face the rigid me, Asuna casually spoke.
"This guy, did he say anything rude to Liz? He probably requested for one absurd thing or another, right?"
And with that, she slightly inclined her head to the side.
"Eh... But, that would mean, that you were with Kirito-kun last night?"
"W...Well..."
I took a step forward in that instant, grasped Asuna's right hand, and pushed open the door of the workshop. I looked towards Kirito for a bit, and rapidly spoke as I tried to not look at his face.
"Please wait for a short while. We'll be right back, so..."
I pulled Asuna's hand in that manner, exiting through the counter. Shutting the door, we went outside the shop through the gap between the display windows.
"Wait, wait, Liz, what's the matter?"
Despite hearing Asuna's questioning voice, I silently headed towards the main street, continuing to walk at a quick pace. I just couldn't bear to stay in front of Kirito any further. If I didn't escape, it seemed like I would have run into the realization that I had lost my way.
As though she had noticed my abnormal state, Asuna silently followed without saying another word. I gently released the girl's hand.
We entered the side street facing east, walked for a short while, and found a small sidewalk cafe that seemed like it was being hidden by the high stone wall. There wasn't a single customer. I chose a table at the edge, and sat down on a white chair.
Asuna peered into my face as she sat on the opposite side, not giving any impression of her thoughts.
"...What's the matter, Liz...?"
I strained to gather the slightest bit of vigor I could, putting a large smile on my face. The same smile as always, the one from times we cheerfully exchanged gossip.
"...Well, it's that person, isn't it...?"
Crossing my arms, I leaned in to look into Asuna's face.
"E-Eeh?"
"The one Asuna likes!"
"Ah..."
Asuna casted her eyes down, her shoulders appearing to narrow. She gave a nod with her cheeks blushed.
"...Yeah."
*Throb*; as I ignored the sharp pain that jabbed itself into my chest, I showed a broad grin yet again.
"Well, he certainly is a strange person; a really strange one."
"...Did Kirito-kun do something...?"
I gathered all my might and replied with a nod, to the worry-looking Asuna.
"He just went and broke the best sword in my store all of a sudden."
"Wah... So-Sorry..."
"It's not really something Asuna has to apologize for."
Looking at Asuna who was crossing her hands as if she had done the deed herself, something deep within my chest throbbed further.
Just a bit more... It's just a bit more, keep going, Lisbeth.
Whispering to myself in my heart, I somehow managed to maintain my smile.
"Well, anyway, to create the type of sword requested by that person, it turned out that a rare metal was necessary, so we went to the upper floors to get it. And during that, we got caught in some minor trap, you see; we had trouble escaping from it, that's why I wasn't back."
"So that was it... You could have just called for me, ah, messages couldn't be sent either, huh...?"
"I should have invited Asuna along too, sorry about that."
"No, the guild had clearing activities yesterday, so.... So, did you make the sword?"
"Ah, yeah. Geez, I wouldn't want to do this kind of troublesome work again."
"You should definitely charge him a real high price for that."
We started laughing at the same time.
I kept a small smile on my face, and mentioned one final comment.
"Well, he's weird, but certainly not a bad person. I'll be rooting for you, so do your best, Asuna."
That was the limit. The end of my words trembled.
"Y-Yeah, thanks..."
As Asuna nodded, she inclined her head to the side and looked into my face. Before she could see what were hidden under my eyelids, I sharply stood up, and spoke.
"Ah, oh no! I-I had an appointment arranged to buy some stock. I'll be going down for a bit!"
"Eh, in the store... What about Kirito-kun?"
"Go keep him company, Asuna! I'll be counting on you!"
I turned about, and broke into a run. I looked at Asuna, behind my back, and hurriedly waved my hand at her. There was no way I could turn back.
After I ran towards the gate plaza, all the way to a place where I could not see that open cafe from, I took the first turn, bending towards the south. I kept to the edge of the town, aiming at the areas without players, single-mindedly running without pause.
When my view distorted, I wiped my eyes with my right hand. Wiping them over and over again as I ran.
When I noticed, I had reached all way just before the castle walls that surrounded the town. Before the gently curving walls stretching out, large trees were planted in regular spaces from each other. I entered the shade under one of them, standing still with my hand on its trunk.
"Uguu... Uu..."
My voice leaked out from my throat, without the slightest attempt to muffle it. The tears I had desperately forced back streamed out one after one, vanishing as they poured down my cheeks.
It was the second time I had cried since I came to this world. From the time I panicked and cried on the day I first logged in, I convinced myself that I would cry again no more. I thought that I did not need these tears, forcibly flowing down due to the emotion expression system. But I have never felt tears more feverish, more painful than the ones running down my cheeks right now, not even those that flowed in the real world.
When I was talking with Asuna, there was one thing that never managed to get out. "I like that person too," these words almost came out countless times. However, there was no way I could say them.
At the workshop, the instant I saw Kirito and Asuna turn to talk to each other, I understood that there was no place for me beside Kirito. That is because— On that snowy mountain, I had exposed Kirito's life to danger. No one can stand beside that person, aside from one who possesses that same stout heart. That's right... Like for example, someone like Asuna...
The two were connected by a powerful pulling force, much like the pairing between a meticulously made sword and sheath. That was what I felt strongly. And beyond all else, Asuna had been constantly thinking about Kirito for countless months, and with the hard work she put in to narrow the gap between them bit by bit, day after day, there was no way I could just do something like thrust myself into that relationship all of a sudden.
That's right... I had known Kirito for no more than a single full day. Going on an adventure I was unused to with an unfamiliar person, my heart must have been just surprised by that. It wasn't the truth. These weren't my true feelings. If I were to fall in love, I wouldn't hurry; slowly thinking about it— I should have always, always thought of it as that.
But still, just why were these tears still flowing out?
Kirito's voice, his actions, all of those expressions he had shown in those twenty-four hours floated by before my shut eyelids one after another. The sensations of him brushing my hair, taking hold of my arm, his hand grasping mine. His warmth, the heat from that beating heart— As these seething recollections passed through me, a sharp pain resounded deep within my chest.
Forget it. It's all a dream. Wash it all away with these tears.
Holding tightly on the trunk of a tree by the side of the road, I cried. Looking downwards while stifling my voice, I continued crying. These tears would have dried up sooner or later in the real world, but it seems that these scalding liquids overflowing from my eyes had no intention to ever stop flowing.
And— from behind me, that voice came.
"Lisbeth."
My entire body trembled with a start as my name was called out. That tender, gentle voice, still left with echoes of its original boyish tone.
It must be a dream. There was no way he could be here. Thinking that, I turned my face upwards, without even bothering to wipe my tears away.
Kirito stood there. The eyes within those black forelocks, showing an ache from a grief unique to him, looked at me. I briefly glanced back at those eyes, and soon murmured with a quaver in my voice.
"...That's no good, coming here right now. I would have returned to the usual energetic Lisbeth in just a little more too."
"..."
Kirito silently took a step forward; he tried to reach out with his right hand. I shook my head lightly, stopping him.
"...How did you find this place?"
Upon hearing that, Kirito pondered, and pointed towards the middle of the town.
"From over there..."
At the point of that finger, far off from here, the spire of the church, built opposing the gate plaza, jutted up above the ripples of buildings.
"I gazed throughout the town, and found you."
"He, he."
My tears silently continued streaming down as before, but after listening to Kirito's answer, a smile floated to my mouth.
"You're as ridiculous as always, huh?"
Even that part of him... I liked that. To a hopeless extent.
I felt yet another surge of sobbing welling up within myself. I frantically held it down.
"Sorry, I'm... fine, you see. Hurry up and get back to Asuna already."
The moment I managed to say and was about to turn around, Kirito continued his words.
"I—I wanted to give thanks to Liz."
"Eh...?"
Befuddled by the unexpected remark, I stared at his face.
"...I, in the past, there was a time when my guild members were annihilated... With that, I decided never again, to ever get close to others."
Kirito gave a fleeting frown, chewing on his lips.
"That's why, usually, I avoid forming a party with anyone at all. However, yesterday, the moment Liz invited me to do that quest, it went fine for some reason. I kept thinking it was strange throughout the day. Just why was I walking alongside this person..."
I forgot the pain in my chest for an instant, taking a look at Kirito.
That means— That means, I was...
"Until now, no matter who asked, I rejected all of them. When those I knew... No, even for those whose names I didn't even know, just by watching others battle, I just froze in fear. I couldn't help but want to just run away. That's pretty much why I had always secluded myself at the foremost of the foremost of the frontlines, where people rarely came. —When we fell in that hole, I even thought that it would be better to die together than be the one left behind; that is definitely not a lie."
He showed a faint smile. It felt like a boundless amount of self-condemnation laid deep within that, taking my breath away.
"But you lived. It was unexpected, but the fact that I was able to live on with Liz made me really glad. And, that night... When you gave me your hand, everything was laid bare. Liz's hand was warm... This person is still alive, that was what I thought. I, and everyone one else as well, we definitely don't exist just for the sake of welcoming death someday; I believe we live for the sake of living on. So... Thanks, Liz."
"..."
This time, a true smile rose up from deep within my heart. Driven by a mysterious strong emotion, I opened my mouth.
"I was the same... I was the same; I have always been searching for that. For a special something true, in this world. To me, that was the warmth from your hand."
All of a sudden, that thorn of ice pierced deep within my heart gently melted away, that was similar to what it felt like. My tears had also ceased some time ago. For a short period of time, we stared at each other in silence. That sensation that appeared during the time we flied made its entrance once again, brushing against my heart for a mere instant, and vanished.
I was rewarded. That was what I believed.
The words from Kirito just then engulfed the broken fragments of my love that had cracked apart, and I felt them sinking down somewhere deep inside.
I swiftly blinked my eyes once, shaking off small drops, and opened my mouth to speak with a smile.
"Those words earlier, be sure to let Asuna hear them too. That girl is suffering too. She wants Kirito's warmth, after all."
"Liz..."
"I'm fine."
I nodded softly, holding onto my chest with my hands.
"This fever will remain for just a little longer. So... Please, Kirito, end this world. I'll be sure to work hard until then. But, when we return to the real world..."
I grinned with an impish smile.
"We'll go right into round two with that."
"..."
Kirito smiled as well, giving a deep nod. Next, he swung his left hand, opening a window. Just as I wondered what he was up to, the «Elucidator» was removed from his back, stored into the inventory. Following that, he manipulated his equipment figure, materializing a new sword in its place. «Dark Repulser», the white sword filled with my emotions.
"From today onwards, this sword will be my partner. The bill will... be settled for in the other world."
"Oh, now you've gone and said it. It'll come at quite a cost."
As we shared laughter, we bumped our right fists against each other.
"Well, let's get back to the store. Asuna must be tired of waiting... And I'm getting hungry too, anyway."
I said that, and began to walk after getting up in front of Kirito. For one final time, I firmly wiped my eyes, scattering the last of the tears still in the corners of my eyes, and they vanished into beads of light.

Part 4
The cold was noticeably harsher today,
I entered my workshop while rubbing my hands together. Pulling the lever on the wall, I warmed my hands over the furnace that had immediately ignited, burning red hot. The thudding sound of the waterwheel remained the same at least, but the early winter right now was already this cold. If midwinter were to come and the small river at the back freezes over, I was worried over just what would happen to me.
I thought hard for a short while before coming to my senses with a start, and consulted my scheduler. There were still eight items piled up in the list of orders due today. The day will soon come to an end if I don't hurry and settle them.
The first order was a lightweight-type one-handed straight sword. I peered through my list of ingots, picking out one that was a good compromise between budget and performance shortly after, and tossed it into the furnace.
At this point in time, my mastery of the hammer had increased, and I even got my hands on some new metals, so I have been able to constantly hit up high leveled weapons. Selecting a time when the fire has heated to a suitable temperature, I placed the ingot onto the anvil. Setting up the hammer, I swung it down with great vigor.
But, when speaking about one-handed straight swords— Not a single sword was able to exceed that particular sword I forged back in the summer of this year. That fact is frustrating, and at the same time, a relief.
That sword that had buried the fragments of my heart was probably spiritedly rampaging through the faraway frontlines yet again today. Although I do tend to it on this very whetstone before my eyes every now and then, unlike normal weapons, the transparency of its blade seemed to increase with use. For some reason, it seemed unlike the numerical consumables that run out sooner or later; it felt more like it would break apart once its duty had been completed— that was what I predicted.
But well, that was probably still a future that wouldn't be here anytime soon. The frontlines were now on the seventy-fifth floor. That sword would still have to work on for longer still. Within the right hand of that person— Kirito's.
When I noticed, it seemed that I had already finished hitting it for the required number of times; the ingot started to change its shape as it shone with red light. I watched this magical instant pass with my breath held, and picked up the sword that soon appeared to examine it.
"...Average, I guess."
Murmuring so, I placed that onto the worktable. Without delay, I started picking out the next ingot. This time was a two-handed axe, with the focus on its reach...

A time long after the start of noon, I somehow managed to finish off all of the orders, and stood up. Moving my head around in circles, I stretched my body vigorously. As I took a breath of relief, a small photo hanging on the wall entered my vision.
Making peace signs while joined together, Asuna and me. Beside Asuna, standing half a step below, Kirito with a wry smile. It was taken in front of this building. Around half a month ago— when the news of the two's marriage came in.
No matter who you might ask, those two certainly suit each other, but getting to that goal eventually took an entire half a year. I was getting impatient, and tried to poke my nose into their relationship in various ways, and when I was finally informed of the news of their marriage in the end, I was really happy for them. But still— I felt just the slightest, heartrending ache.
I still see what happened on that night in my dreams. Recollecting that single dreamlike night that shone like a modest gem within these two years with barely any ups-and-downs. Even right now, after three months had already passed, it still warmed my heart like glowing embers.
"...Even so..."
It certainly was amazing, I murmured thus in my heart, and softly traced the photo with my finger. Even though I consider myself to be a rational realist, to think that I had such an unreserved disposition was something that I didn't even notice at all.
"I had always loved you, until the very end."
Giving a firm tap onto a certain spot on the photo, I shifted my thoughts. Wondering if I should make a simple meal for my late lunch, or perhaps eat out for the first time in a while, I stepped out of my workshop— it happened then.
A sound effect that I had never heard till now resounded loudly from above. *Ding*, *ding*, a sound resembling a bell alarm... I immediately gazed at the ceiling, but it seemed that the sound was coming from even higher, reverberating from the direction of the upper floors.
I was just about to run out hurriedly, when something that surprised me even further happened. Although the reason behind it was obvious, the store-tending NPC, who stood at the counter, not needing a single day of rest since the opening of the store, suddenly vanished without even a single sound.
"...!?"
I blinked my eyes, and stared at the space where the girl stood till earlier, but there was no sign of her return. The situation was getting more and more convoluted.
To me, who stumbled my way out, an even more astonishing experience caused me to stand stock still.
On the bottom of the upper floor that spread out, a hundred meters above, right before that barren grey roof—gigantic red letters were suspended, spaced tightly together. I stared absorbed at them; the two English lines, "Warning", and, "System Announcement", were arranged on a checkered pattern.
"System... Announcement..."
It was a scene I had seen before. There was no way I could have forgotten it. Two years ago, on that day this death game started, the exact same spectacle appeared behind that hollow avatar that announced the change of rules to the ten thousand players.
Finally looking around my surroundings after being frozen to that for several full seconds, I spotted many other players, looking up at the upper floor while standing straight up, just like me. Frowning as I felt something off about this scene, the reason instantly came to mind.
Usually, while walking through the streets, there would be NPCs hawking their wares; not a single one was around. I believe they probably disappeared at the same time as the one tending to my store did, but... just why—
All of a sudden, the ringing alarm sound stopped. After a moment of silence, this time, what came down was a tender female voice, in that same loud volume.
[We will now be announcing an urgent notice to all of the players.]
It was completely different from the voice of the Game Master, Kayaba Akihiko, from two years ago, being an artificial synthetic voice with the sounds of electronic noise mixed in. It was obviously an announcement made through the game system, but with barely any presence of the management in SAO, this was the first time I had heard of an announcement done via these means. I strained my ears to listen while holding my breath.
[The game will now be entering forced administration mode. All monsters and item spawns will be suspended. All NPCs will be dismissed. The hit points of all players will be fixed to their maximum amount.]
A system error? Did some fatal bug appear...?
That was what I thought for an instant. My heart was gripped with unease. But in the next moment—
[Aincrad Standard Time, November the seventh, fourteen-fifty-five, the game has been cleared.]
—And the system voice reported thus.
The game, has been cleared?
I could not understand the meaning of those words for several seconds. The other players around too, stood still with their expressions frozen. However, upon hearing the line it led to, all of them sprung up.
[All players will be logged out in sequence. Kindly wait at your current location. I repeat...]
Suddenly, "Wooah!", and such huge cheers of joy erupted. The ground, no, the whole of the Floating Castle Aincrad trembled. Everyone was hugging each other, rolling about the ground, shouting out loud with their hands raised towards the sky.
I didn't move, didn't say a word, simply standing in front of my store. I somehow managed to lift up my hands, and covered my mouth.
So he did it. He— Kirito did it. With his usual recklessness...
That was what I believed. After all, the foremost frontlines were still at the seventy-fifth floor, but with the game cleared like this, this absurd, thoughtless, act of foolhardiness was definitely Kirito's deed.
I felt like I heard soft murmurs close to my ears.
—I, kept my word...
"Yeah... Yeah... Finally, you did it..."
With that, hot tears spilled from my eyes. Without bothering to wipe them away, I thrust my right hand up with all my might, jumping up and down without stop.
"O—Oh!!"
Cupping my hands to my mouth, so as to reach him, who should be on the upper floors far away, I cried out as loud as I could.
"We will, definitely meet again, Kirito—!! ...I love you!!"
(End)


Morning Dew Girl (Aincrad 22nd Floor, October 2024)
Part 1
Asuna has always set her morning alarm to seven-fifty.
If you were to ask why it's at such a vague time, it's because Kirito's morning alarm goes off right at eight. Waking up ten minutes beforehand and looking at him, asleep beside her while she's still in bed, is a hobby of hers.
This morning, Asuna once again woke up to the mellow sound of woodwind instruments and continued lying down, gazing at Kirito's sleeping face while resting her head on her hands.
She fell in love half a year ago. They became clearing partners two weeks ago. And only a mere six days had passed since they got married and moved here, within the forest of the twenty-second floor. Despite being her most beloved, she was certainly still in the dark about many things related to Kirito. For one, as she peered over his sleeping face, she gradually became less sure of his age.
Just a while back, due to his uncaring and aloof nature, she had figured that he should be a little older than her. However, the sight of Kirito, deep in sleep, extruded such naive innocence, that he could only look like a young boy, no older than her.
Asking for something like his age probably— would not be a problem. However, breaching into affairs of the real world was frowned upon, and besides, the two of them were already husband and wife. Rather than age, to meet again after returning to the real world, exchanging information from actual names and addresses to contact details, would be much more reliable.
However, Asuna was not quite able to bring herself to say that out loud.
She was afraid that after speaking of matters from the real world, this «married life» would feel like nothing more than a flimsy figment of her imagination. To the current Asuna, her single, most important reality, were these gentle days in this forested home; even if it became impossible to escape from this world, with their actual bodies welcoming death, she would still be satisfied, being able to continue living this way till the very end, passing on without regrets.
That was why she would not wake up from this dream just yet— Thinking so, Asuna softly stretched out her hand and caressed the sleeping Kirito's face.
Even so, it sure was a childish sleeping face.
There was certainly no need to doubt Kirito's strength at that moment. The extraordinary amount of experience accumulated from playing through the beta test period, as well as the numerical stats acquired through continuous fighting, and to use those effectively, his judgment and determination. He might have lost to the leader of the Knights of the Blood, «Holy Sword» Heathcliff, but Kirito was the strongest player that Asuna knew of. Regardless of how grim the battlefield may get, she would never feel nervous with him by her side.
However, as she gazed at the curled up Kirito lying down, somehow, the feeling that he was just like a naive and fragile little brother boiled up within her, struggling to burst out from her chest. The feeling that she must protect him.
Gently breathing, Asuna leaned over, covering Kirito's body with her arm. She softly whispered.
"Kirito-kun... I love you. Stay with me forever, alright?"
At that moment, Kirito trembled lightly, slowly opening his eyelids. The couple exchanged glances, with their faces right before each other.
"Waa!!"
Asuna pulled back frantically. Shifting to a kneeling posture on the bed, she spoke as her face blushed scarlet.
"Go-Good morning, Kirito-kun. ...Did you... hear that just now...?"
"Good morning. Just now... eh, did something happen?"
Facing the Kirito, who rose up and replied while stifling a yawn, Asuna wildly flailed her hands around.
"N-No, nothing happened!"
Finishing a breakfast of sunny-side-up eggs with rye bread, salad, and coffee and tidying up the table in a couple of seconds, Asuna clapped her hands together.
"Well! Where shall we play today?"
"Oh, you."
And Kirito gave a wry smile.
"Don't talk about something like that so bluntly,"
"But everyday has been so much fun, you know."
These were Asuna's real and pure thoughts.
Just thinking back brought out painful memories, but during the one and a half years, from the time she became a prisoner of SAO to when she fell in love with Kirito, Asuna had forged and hardened her heart.
Sacrificing sleep to strengthen her skill levels, being chosen as the sub-leader of the clearing guild, Knights of the Blood, she had plunged into the labyrinths at a pace fast enough to cause even members to give up at times.
All that was in her heart was solely to clear the game and escape; thus, she concluded that all other activities unrelated to that cause were useless.
With these thoughts running through her mind, Asuna could not help but regret not being able to chance upon Kirito earlier. The days after meeting him were so vibrant, so filled with surprises that they surpassed even her previous life in the real world. If it was with him, the time spent here could all be considered rare experiences.
That was why to Asuna, finally being able to get a day where both of them could pass time together, each and every second could be thought of as a precious jewel in itself. She wanted to go, as a couple, to more and more places together and talk about many different topics.
Asuna placed her hands on her waist and spoke while pouting.
"Then doesn't Kirito-kun want to go somewhere and play?"
In response to that, Kirito grinned broadly and waved his left hand, calling out a map. Switching it to its visible mode, he presented it to Asuna. The floor's arrangement of forests and lakes were displayed on it.
"Right about here."
What was pointed out was a corner of a forest, not too far away from their home.
Being one of the lower floors, the twenty-second floor was naturally quite wide. The diameter of the entire area was possibly over eight kilometers long. A humongous lake existed in the middle and to the southern coast lay the main town, «Coral» Village. On the northern coast was the labyrinth. The rest of the area was covered by a beautiful coniferous forest. The little home belonging to Asuna and Kirito was in an area on the southern edge of the floor, and what Kirito was currently pointing to was to the north-east, roughly two kilometers away.
"Well, it's about a rumor I heard about in the village yesterday... In this part, where the forest thickens... "It" seems to come out."
"Hah?"
To the subtly smiling Kirito, Asuna doubtfully responded.
"What does?"
"...A ghost."
Rendered speechless for a moment, she timidly asked.
"...That means, a monster of the Astral type? Something like a wraith or a banshee?"
"Nope, it's the real thing. A player... that is, a human spirit. Apparently a female."
"Aah..."
Asuna involuntarily winced. Towards topics like this, Asuna was confident only of being affected worse than the average person. She was bad enough with them to think up random reasons to ditch the clearing of the old castle labyrinth, stretched over the sixty-fifth and sixty-sixth floors, renowned for its horror theme.
"B-But you see, this is the virtual world of a game. Something like— a ghost coming out, something like that could never happen."
Forcing herself to keep her smile, she started protesting vehemently.
"Just how true is that, I wonder..."
But Kirito, who knew that Asuna was weak against ghosts, enthusiastically went on the offense.
"For example... A player who died with unfulfilled regrets, possessing the Nerve Gear still attached and switched on... wandering through the field, night after night..."
"Stop th—!"
"Wahaha, sorry about that, it was just a bad joke. Well, I doubt that a spirit will really appear, but if we're going somewhere, it's best to head for a place with a higher chance of something interesting happening, right?"
"Aaah..."
Curling her lips into a pout, Asuna shifted her focus outside the window.
Despite winter soon approaching, the weather sure was fine. The sunlight seemed warm and gentle, pouring down onto the garden's lawn. A time most unsuitable for events such as the appearance of a ghost. Due to how Aincrad was structured, although it was impossible to see the sun directly except during early morning and evening, thanks to the adequate ambient lighting, the field was vividly lit up.
Asuna turned back towards Kirito and replied, with her head held up high.
"Alright, let's go. To prove that there's no way something like a ghost could actually exist."
"And that's that. —If we don't find it today, we'll go in the middle of the night next time, yeah?"
"No way!! ...I won't be making any food for a bully like that."
"Gah, scratch that. You didn't hear anything."
Giving Kirito one final scowl, Asuna broke into a grin and laughed.
"Well, let's finish up the preparations. I'll be grilling the fish, so Kirito-kun, cut the bread, okay?"
Quickly stuffing a lunch box with fish burgers, it was nine o'clock in the morning when they left the house.
Stepping onto the lawn in the garden, Asuna turned back to Kirito and spoke.
"Hey, let me ride on your shoulders."
"Let you ride on my shoulders!?"
Kirito replied wildly, returning the question.
"You see, always looking from the same height gets boring. It should be a piece of cake with Kirito-kun's physical strength stat, right?"
"Well, that might be true... Geez, just how old are you..."
"Age doesn't have anything to do with it! Isn't it fine? It's not like anyone is watching."
"Al-Alright, I guess.."
Astounded, Kirito squatted down and turned his back towards Asuna while shaking his head. Raising her skirt, she lifted her legs onto his shoulders.
"There we go. But I'll be sure to hit you if you look back, alright."
"Aren't you being unreasonable...?"
Grumbling about the situation, Kirito nimbly rose, resulting in an instant rise in the point of view.
"Waa! Look, you can even see the lake from here!"
"I can't see it!!"
"Then I'll do it for you later too."
"..."
Placing her hands on Kirito's head, who was slumped over with exhaustion over the current events, Asuna spoke.
"Now, it's time to depart! Set a course, north by north-east!"
Laughing cheerfully aboard the shoulders of Kirito, who was steadily walking forward, Asuna was able to grasp how precious these days were, being able to live together. She could wholeheartedly believe that this was the time she had felt most «alive» in all the seventeen years of her life.

Strolling along the path— well, Kirito was the only one who was actually put in effort, but— After about ten minutes, one of the numerous lakes dotting the twenty-second floor finally came into view. Perhaps tempted by the gentle weather, there were already several players who were there since morning, casting into the lake, lures dangling in the water. The path curled around the lake, heading uphill, quite a distance away from the lake shore. But as they approached, players who noticed turned towards them and waved. It seemed that everyone they saw smiled at them and some were even laughing aloud.
"...This isn't like no one's watching at all!!"
"Ahaha, so there were people around... Hey, Kirito-kun, wave back at them too."
"There's no way I'll do that."
Despite his complaints, Kirito showed no sign of wanting to let Asuna down. Asuna understood that he was actually amused by the turn of events.
The path soon sloped downwards, towards the right, heading into the deep forest. Weaving through the space between the enormous coniferous trees resembling cedar, towering over all else, they strolled on lightly. The rustling of leaves, the murmuring of a small stream, the chirping of small birds. All of these sounds served as a complement for the forest scenery, dyed in the colors of autumn.
Asuna turned her eyes towards the treetops, which were closer to her than usually.
"The tree sure is big... Hey, do you think you can climb it...?"
"Hm... Mm..."
In response to Asuna's query, Kirito thought about it for a while.
"It's probably within the limits of the system... Want to give it a try?"
"Nah, let's leave that to next time. —Now that I think about climbing."
Asuna stretched her body while mounted on Kirito's shoulders and looked towards the outer edge of Aincrad, through the gaps between the trees.
"Those things around the edge, the ones that look like supports, they are connected all the way to the next floor, right? I wonder... just what would happen if we climbed up those?"
"Ah, I tried that before."
"Eeh!?"
Bending her body, she turned and peered at Kirito.
"Why didn't you invite me too."
"Well, it was from when we didn't know each other that well yet."
"What, that's just because Kirito-kun kept running away."
"...D-Did I really do that?"
"That's right. I always tried inviting you, but you weren't even willing to accompany me for tea."
"Th-That's... We-Well, putting that aside."
Steering the conversation that had started taking a strange turn back onto the original topic, Kirito continued.
"If you were to judge based purely on the results, it was a failure. Climbing from the parts where the rocks were more rugged was surprisingly easy, but after climbing for around eighty meters, an error message came out, going all, 'You can't go beyond this area' and pissing me off."
"Ah ha ha, so as expected, cheating doesn't work, huh."
"It's not a laughing matter. My hands slipped from the shock and I fell magnificently..."
"E-Eh!? Wouldn't you usually die from something like that?"
"Yeah. I thought I was doomed. If I was another three seconds late with that Teleport Crystal, I would have become a new recruit on the list of players killed in action."
"Geez, that was dangerous. Make sure you don't repeat it, alright?"
"That's what I wanted to say!"
Strolling while exchanging their aimless conversation, the forest gradually became more dense. Even the cries of the elusive birds around, as well as the sunlight, leaking through the treetops began to fade away.
As Asuna glanced around once again, she questioned Kirito.
"Hey, that... place in that rumour, just which way is it?"
"Well, it's..."
Kirito waved his hand, checking their bearings on the map.
"Ah, we're pretty close by. We'll reach it in a few minutes."
"Hmm... Hey, about this case, were there any details on it?"
She didn't really want to hear about it, but not knowing anything made her just as uneasy, prompting her to ask.
"Well, about a week back, a woodworking craftsman (woodcraft) player seemed to have come around here to gather some logs. The lumber that can be harvested from this forest are of fairly good quality, and while the player was engrossed in the task, it grew dark... The player hurried to return, but covered by the shade of the trees... there was a fleeting sight of white."
"..."
This was already the limit for Asuna, but Kirito mercilessly continued.
"The player got flustered thinking that it was a monster, but apparently, that wasn't it. It was a human, or rather, a little girl, as the player had mentioned. Long, black hair on white garments. Slowly walking towards a grove of trees. If it wasn't a monster, it could only be a player, the player thought, gazing at her."
"..."
"—There wasn't a cursor."
"Ee..."
A soft cry unintentionally leaked out from her throat.
"There's no way that's possible. Despite thinking that, the player got closer. And even called out to her. Doing so, the girl ceased all movement... she gradually turned around towards him..."
"Th-Th-That's e-eno..."
"Then, the man finally noticed. The girl, as the moonlight shone down onto her white clothes, the trees next to her— could be seen right through her."
"——!!"
Stifling a scream, Asuna gripped onto Kirito's hair tightly.
"It's the end of me if she turns around, he thought and ran away. Finally getting away far enough to spot the light from the village, he figured that he was safe and stopped... wheezing, he turned to look behind..."
"——h!?"
"And there wasn't anyone there. And he lived happily ever after."
"...Ki-Ki-Kirito-kun, you idiot—!!"
Jumping down from his shoulders, she raised her fist, seriously getting ready to let loose a punch at his back— at that very moment.
Deep within the depths of the forest, gloomy, despite it still being midday, at a distance from the pair, something white peeked at them from the side of the trunk of a coniferous tree.
Assaulted by an ominous aura, Asuna became frozen with fear. Even if it was not as much as Kirito's, Asuna's perception skills too, were rather refined through experience. Passively toggling the usage of the skill on, she could improve the clarity of whatever she focuses on.
Something white appeared to be fluttering in the wind. It was not a plant. Nor a rock. But cloth. Or to put it in detail, it was a one piece dress with distinct lines. Peeking out from the hem were two slender, long— legs.
The girl stood still. Almost as Kirito had described, she was a young girl clothed in a white one piece dress, unmoving, silently staring at the couple.
Feeling faint as her consciousness leaked away, Asuna somewhat managed to open her mouth. She let out a raspy whisper.
"Ki... Kirito-kun, over there."
Kirito quickly followed Asuna's gaze. Immediately, he too, froze up.
"Th-This has gotta be a lie..."
The girl did not move. Standing roughly ten meters away from the pair, her gaze was fixed on them. At that very moment, Asuna braced herself, thinking that she would definitely faint if the girl came any closer.
The girl's body swayed— unsteadily. Like a mechanical doll that had run out of energy, she tumbled to the ground, with a motion unlike that of a living being. A light thud gently resonated out.
"There's..."
At that instant, Kirito narrowed his eyes.
"No way something like that's a ghost!!"
And ran as he yelled out.
"Wa-Wait up, Kirito-kun!"
Despite the pleas to stop from Asuna who was left behind, Kirito rushed towards the fallen girl, without even looking back.
"Geez!!"
Asuna reluctantly stood up and chased after him. Despite her heart still trembling, she had never heard of a ghost that could faint and fall over. That could not be anything but a player.
Late by several seconds, upon reaching the shade under the coniferous tree, she found the girl already cradled within Kirito's arms. She was still unconscious. Her eyes, shaded by long eyelashes, were still closed, with her arms feebly hanging straight down. Gazing earnestly over her figure, wrapped in the one piece dress, Asuna reconfirmed that it was not translucent in any way.


"I-Is she alright?"
"Hmm..."
Kirito spoke, peering into the girl's face.
"Well, to be frank... There's no need for breathing in this world, neither do hearts beat..."
Within SAO, most human physiological functions can be reproduced, but are omitted. It is possible to deliberately take a breath, along with the sensation of air flowing through your respiratory tract, but the avatars have no need to breathe subconsciously and will not do so. Likewise, for the beating of the heart, despite the sensation of it beating harder through tension or excitement, there was no way to feel that of others.
"But still, she's not vanishing... so she should still be alive, I guess. But this... certainly is strange..."
Finishing his comment, Kirito tilted his head to the side.
"What's strange?"
"She can't be a ghost, seeing as I can touch her like this. But still, the cursor... isn't coming out..."
"Ah..."
Asuna once again concentrated her vision on the girl's form. However, the color cursor that would definitely appear when dynamic objects in Aincrad, such as players, monsters, or even NPCs, were targeted, did not in this case. It was a phenomenon that had never happened until now.
"Is it perhaps, a bug, or something like that?"
"That's probably it. In a situation like this, one would usually call for a GM in a usual net-game, but there aren't any GMs in SAO... But still, it's not just the cursor. For a player, she looks way too young."
That was true. The body supported by Kirito's hands was unusually small. She did not even seem to be beyond ten years of age. There was supposed to be an age restriction while setting up the Nerve Gear, before being able to sign up, forbidding children, probably below the age of thirteen, from being able to use it.
Asuna softly stretched out her hand, brushing over the girl's forehead. It felt mildly cool and smooth to the touch.
"Why is... there a girl, as young as this, in SAO...?"
Firmly biting his lips, Kirito spoke as he rose up.
"For the time being, we can't just leave her alone. We should be able to find something out when she wakes up. Let's bring her back with us."
"Yeah, that's right."
Kirito got up as he held the girl in his arms. Asuna casually glanced over the surroundings, but being unable to find anything aside from a large, rotting stump, she did not manage to find out the reason for the girl's presence in the area.

They dashed nearly the entire way, but the girl did not regain consciousness, even after they exited the forest and arrived back home. Laying the girl down on Asuna's bed and setting a blanket, the pair sat down, side by side, on the adjacent bed, belonging to Kirito.
There was a momentary stillness in the air, before Kirito nonchalantly broke the silence.
"Well, if there's one thing we can be sure of, it's that she's not an NPC since we managed to move her in here."
"Yeah... that's right."
NPCs under the control of the system have their positions fixed within certain ranges of coordinates and, thus, cannot be moved according to players' desires. If they were to try touching or holding them, the harassment report window would be triggered within seconds, giving them a painful shock and blowing them away.
Lightly nodding to Asuna's agreement, Kirito continued with his deductions.
"Also, it couldn't be the opening to some kind of quest. If that was the case, the quest window should have refreshed the moment we touched her. ...In other words, this kid must be a player, who lost her way... or at least, that should be the most reasonable conclusion."
Quickly shifting his gaze towards the bed, he continued.
"Not having a crystal on hand, perhaps not even aware of the methods of getting around, I believe she had never ventured out to the field, and only stayed within the «Starting City». I don't know why she came all the way to a place like this, but in the Starting City, we might find someone who knows her... maybe even her parents or guardians might be there."
"Yeah. I think so too. I don't believe a child as young as this could even get on by herself. She should have come with her family or someone like that... I really do hope, that they're safe though."
Apparently having struggled with that last line, Asuna turned and faced Kirito.
"Hey, she should recover, right?"
"Ah. If she's not disappearing yet, she should still be hooked up to the Nerve Gear. Her condition should be close to sleep. That's why, sooner or later, she will wake up... I believe."
Vigorously nodding his head, Kirito's words were tinged with hope.
As Asuna got up, she knelt before the bed on which the girl was asleep, and reached out with her right hand. She gently caressed the girl's head.
She certainly was a beautiful girl. Rather than a human child, her presence could be said to be closer to that of a fairy. Her complexion was similar to the composition of alabaster, delicate and snow white. Her long, black hair gleamed elegantly, and with her exotic-looking features, she would, without a doubt, be charming if she were to open her eyes and smile.
Kirito got closer as well, lowering his body beside Asuna. Hesitantly reaching out his right hand, he stroked the girl's hair.
"She doesn't seem to be ten... Perhaps around eight?"
"It should be around there... She's the youngest player I've ever met."
"That's right. I came across a female beast tamer before, but even she was around thirteen years old."
Instinctively reacting to something she had never heard about, Asuna stared at Kirito.
"Hmm, so you had a cute friend like that, huh."
"Ah, we just exchange mails every now and then... n-no, that's all, there's nothing else to it!"
"I wonder. Kirito-kun is dull, after all."
And she turned away sharply.
As though he sensed the conversation heading towards an odd direction, Kirito stood up and spoke.
"Ah, it's already this late. Let's have some lunch."

"About that story, I'll be sure to have you clearly explain all the details later on, okay."
Glaring at Kirito once again, Asuna got up as well, laughing as she decided to drop the matter for the time being.
"Well, let's have the packed lunch. I'll go and make some tea."
The late autumn afternoon passed away peacefully, and even as the time for the crimson light, flooding in from the sun on the outer edge, to fade away came by, the girl still did not stir from her sleep.
As the curtains were drawn closed and the lamp on the wall lit, Kirito happened to return from his trip to the village. Silently shaking his head, he conveyed the failure on finding any leads on the girl.
Not in the best of moods for enjoying a lively dinner, the pair opted for a simple meal of soup and bread, and Kirito began his endeavor after looking over the various types of newspaper he had bought.
Although it is referred to as a newspaper, it is unlike those of the real world, pieces of paper bound together, but instead, simply a single piece of parchment, with the size similar to that of a magazine. It is represented in a manner like that of the system window screen, and by editing it like a website, it can be used to organize and display information gathered.
The contents too, are identical to a game walkthrough site managed by players, comprising of many topics: news, a beginner's manual, FAQs, an item list, etc. Within those, there was also a Lost & Found / Q&A section, where the pair laid their eyes on. They thought there was a possibility of someone searching for a girl. However—
"...None, eh..."
"None, huh..."
Spending tens of minutes to go through the entire newspaper, the two exchanged glances and loosened the tension in their shoulders. There was nothing more they could do than to wait for the girl to finally awaken and explain the circumstances.
On a normal night, the two of them would stay up late having meaningless conversations, playing simple games, sometimes even taking an evening stroll, or countless other activities that they do more rarely, but neither of them were in the mood for those this night.
"Let's call it a day already."
"Hm. I guess so."
Asuna acknowledged Kirito's words with a nod.
Turning the lights in the living room off, they headed into the bedroom. As the girl was occupying one of the beds, one of them would have to sleep with the other —well, that was already the case every other night, but— and they changed into their sleepwear in a hurry.
The lamp in the bedroom was also doused, and the pair laid down on the bed.
Kirito certainly did possess several strange unique skills; but still, it seemed that sleeping easily and well was included amongst them. When Asuna felt in the mood to talk and turned over, there was already the steady sound of breathing during sleep.
"Geez."
Softly muttering her disapproval, she flipped to the other side, facing the bed on which the girl was asleep. In the pale blue darkness, the black-haired girl was still fast asleep as before. Although she had never made a conscious effort to think about the girl's past, her thoughts gradually drifted in that direction as she continued staring.
If she was living until now with a guardian, like her parents or siblings, that would be fine. However, in the case that she came into this world alone and spent these two years in fear and isolation— to a mere eight or nine year old child, those days must have been unbearable. If she was in that situation, she would probably be unable to retain her sanity.
Could it be— Asuna leapt towards the worst possible conclusion. Maybe, the reason why she was wandering in that forest and faded into unconsciousness was due to some problem caused by the condition of her mind. Of course, there are no psychiatrists in Aincrad; neither were there any system administrators to seek aid from. The most optimistic prediction for clearing the game was still half a year at least, and nothing could be accomplished with merely Asuna and Kirito's effort anyway. Due to the fact that they were both currently absent from the frontlines, the number of players at their levels would be reduced by two, and creating a balanced party would be more difficult as well.
Regardless of how deeply the girl was suffering, she did not have the ability to save her— Realizing that, Asuna was stricken with an agonizing pain in her chest. She unconsciously left the bed and moved to the side of the sleeping girl.
Brushing the girl's hair for a short moment, Asuna softly turned back the covers and lay down beside her. With both arms, she tightly embraced her small body. Although the girl did not move even a single inch, her expression seemed to soften, and Asuna quietly whispered.
"Goodnight. It would be nice, if you woke up tomorrow..."

Part 2
Bathed in the white morning light, a gentle tune flowed into Asuna's drowsy consciousness. It was her wake-up alarm with the sound of an oboe playing. Enshrouded in the drifting sensation on the edge of awakening, Asuna plunged herself into the melody, somehow filled with nostalgia. Before long, the refreshing echoes of string instruments and the leading rhythm from the clarinet flowed over each other, along with a faint humming voice—
—Humming?
She was not the one singing. Asuna snapped her eyes open.
Within her arms, the black-haired girl had her eyelids closed... Humming along to the melody of Asuna's wake-up alarm.
The girl did not miss even a single beat. However, that was impossible. As Asuna had set the alarm to be audible to only herself, there was no chance that anyone could achieve a feat like singing along to the melody within her mind.
In any case, Asuna decided to put aside that doubt for now. Rather than that—
"Ki-Kirito-kun, geez, Kirito-kun!!"
Not moving an inch, she called to Kirito, sleeping in the bed behind. There were soon signs of Kirito softly murmuring as he awoke.
"...Morning. Something happened?"
"Hurry, come over here!"
The hushed creaking of the floorboards. Shifting his gaze over Asuna, onto the bed, Kirito widened his eyes immediately as well.
"She's singing...!?"
"Y-Yeah..."
Asuna lightly shook the girl within her hands and called out.
"Hey, wake up... Open up, your eyes."
The girl stopped moving her lips. Soon, her long eyelashes weakly trembled, and slowly rose upwards.
With misty black eyes, she peered directly into Asuna's eyes, right before her. Blinking several times, she opened her almost colorless lips just the tiniest bit.
"Aa... uu..."
The girl's voice rang out, like the delicate vibrations of silverware, a fleetingly beautiful sound. Asuna sat up, still holding onto the girl.
"...Thank goodness, you woke up. Do you know anything about, well, what happened to you?"
When spoken to, the girl kept her silence for several seconds, shaking her head in small, short motions.
"I see... What's your name? Can you say it?"
"N...ame... M...y... name... "
As the girl inclined her head, a strand of her glossy, black hair fell onto her cheek.
"Yu...i. Yui. That is... name..."
"So, Yui-chan? That's a pretty name. I'm Asuna. And that person is Kirito."
As Asuna turned, the girl who called herself Yui followed suit and shifted her vision. Looking to and fro between Asuna and Kirito, who was half bent forward, she opened her mouth.
"A...una. Ki...to."
With her lips faltering, she spoke with disjointed sounds. Asuna felt her fears from the previous night returning. The girl's outer appearance was of at least eight years old; if you were to consider the time that had passed since she logged in, her actual age should have reached around ten by now. But the girl's shaky words, were as if they came from an infant who had just gained awareness.
"Hey, Yui-chan. Why were you on the twenty-second floor? Are your father or mother perhaps, anywhere near here?"
Yui moved her eyes downward and sank into silence. Keeping quiet for a moment, she shook her head back and forth.
"I don't... know... I don't... know, anything..."

After having been placed into a sitting posture on the chair at the dining table and offered some warm, sweet milk, the girl held the cup up to her chest with both hands and began sipping it. Watching over her out of the corner of her eye, Asuna decided to discuss the situation with Kirito a distance away from the girl.
"Hey, Kirito-kun. What are your thoughts...?"
Kirito chewed his lips with a serious expression, but soon spoke, with his face downcast.
"She doesn't... seem to have her memories. But, with those reactions... it's like, her mind was, damaged or..."
"Yeah... You think so too, huh..."
"Dammit."
Kirito's face distorted, seemingly on the verge of tears.
"In this world... I've seen many horrible things... but this is... the worst. This is just too cruel..."
Seeing his eyes turn watery, Asuna too, felt something bursting out from her chest. Wrapping her arms around Kirito, she spoke.
"It'll be alright, Kirito-kun. ...If it's us, there's definitely something... we can do."
"...Yeah. That's right..."
Kirito raised his head and smiled faintly, placing his hand on Asuna's shoulder and returned towards the dining table. Asuna followed behind him.
Moving a chair with a clatter, Kirito sat down beside Yui and started a conversation with a bright voice.
"Aah, Yui-chan. ...Can I just, call you Yui?"
Raising her face from the cup, Yui nodded.
"I see. Then, Yui can just call me, Kirito."
"Ki... to."
"It's, Kirito. Ki, ri, to."
"..."
Yui put on a complex expression and kept quiet for a moment.
"...Kiito."
Kirito broke into a grin and laid his hand on Yui's head.
"Maybe that was a bit difficult. You can just, call me with any other easier name you want."
Yui once again pondered for a while. She didn't stir an inch, even when Asuna picked the cup up from the table and refilled the milk.
Soon enough, Yui slowly raised her face and looked at Kirito, and timidly, she opened her mouth.
"...Papa."
Next, she turned to Asuna and spoke.
"Auna is... Mama."
Asuna trembled uncontrollably. She did not know if the girl had merely mistaken them for her actual parents, or perhaps— that her parents did not exist in this world at all, and she wanted them instead; but before dealing with that suspicion, Asuna frantically tried to restrain the feelings filling her heart and struggling to break loose and nodded with a smile.
"That's right... It's Mama, Yui-chan."
Hearing that, Yui broke into a smile for the first time. Under her straight fringe, her previously expressionless eyes shone with a gleam, and in that instant, color seemed to return to her face with doll-like features.
"...Mama!"
Looking at the arms outstretched towards her, Asuna felt a violent jolting pain within her chest.
"Uu..."
Earnestly holding back the tears threatening to overflow, she somehow managed to preserve her smile. She carried Yui's small frame from the chair, and as she firmly hugged her, Asuna felt a single tear, filled with a mess of different emotions, spill out and trickle down her cheek.

Finishing off her drink of hot milk and a small bun, Yui seemed to have grown sleepy once again, with her head starting to sway to and fro while sitting in the chair.
Looking at the girl's status while seated on the opposite side of the table, Asuna wiped her eyes with a jerking hand and looked towards Kirito, beside her.
"I-I..."
Despite opening her mouth, she was unable to form the words she wanted adequately.
"I'm sorry, I just have no idea, about what I should do..."
Kirito gazed upon Asuna with sympathetic eyes, but soon spoke with a sigh.
"...Until that kid regains her memories, you want to stay here and look after her, right? I understand... those feelings. I feel the same. But still... it's a real dilemma... If we do that, we can't return to completing the game for a while, and with that, the time needed to break this kid free from here will be delayed as well..."
"Yeah... that's true, after all..."
Putting herself aside, Asuna started thinking. Not to exaggerate, but Kirito's presence as a clearing player towered above the rest of them, providing maps of the traversable areas in the labyrinth, with the quantity beyond even many prominent guilds, while being a solo player. Despite planning it as just a few weeks of newly-wed life, monopolizing Kirito by herself like this was enough to make her feel traces of guilt.
"For now, let's just do what we can."
Looking over at Yui, who had dozed off, Kirito continued his words.
"Firstly, let's head for the Starting City and see if we can find the kid's parents or siblings. With her standing out so much as a player, I believe there's bound to be some people who recognize her, at least."
"..."
It was a natural conclusion. But Asuna noticed her feelings of not wanting to be separated from the girl, from within herself. It was the life where she could be alone with Kirito, that she had even dreamed about; but somehow, she had no objections with it becoming a group of three. It might be because she felt as if Yui would be like the child of Kirito and her... Getting to that line of thought, Asuna was startled and came to her senses, blushing to her ears.
"...? What's the matter?"
"I-It's nothing!!"
Asuna turned to Kirito, who looked suspicious, and shook her head back and forth.
"Th-That's right. When Yui-chan wakes up, let's go to the Starting City. We can put something up in the Q&A corner of the newspaper on the way too."
Still not able to look Kirito in the face, Asuna spoke quickly while tidying up the table in a hurry. When she looked towards Yui, sound asleep in the chair, perhaps it was just her imagination, but her sleeping face seemed different from yesterday, appearing more tranquil.
Moved to the bed, Yui slept through the entire morning, and wondering if she had gone into a coma again, Asuna nervously worried; but fortunately, she woke up just as the preparations for lunch were completed.
Despite baking a fruit pie, which she rarely ever makes, for Yui's sake, when Yui took her place at the table, rather than the pie, she showed more interest in a sandwich, filled with plenty of mustard, that Kirito was heartily biting into, perplexing the pair.
"Ah, Yui, this is really spicy."
"Uu... I want to, have the same as Papa."
"I see. I won't stop you if you've already made up your mind. Everything is an experience."
Handing a sandwich over, Yui widened her petite mouth with all her might and took a bite without even a single trace of hesitation.
The couple held their breaths as they watched over her, Yui, chewing the food with a complicated expression, finally swallowed it down her throat with a gulp and beamed cheerfully.
"Yummy."
"This one has got quite some guts."
Kirito too, smiled as he rubbed Yui's head.
"Let's challenge ourselves with a burning hot full course for dinner."
"Geez, don't get carried away! There's no way I'll make something like that!"
But if they were to find Yui's guardians at the Starting City, the only ones returning here will be just the two of them. Thinking so, Asuna felt a tinge of loneliness running through her heart.
Asuna faced towards Yui, who decided to finish up the rest of the sandwich and was drinking some milk tea with a satisfied look, before speaking.
"Oh, Yui-chan, let's go out for a bit in the afternoon."
"Go out?"
Looking straight at Yui's puzzled face, she paused, wondering how to explain when Kirito cut in.
"We're going to look for Yui's friends."
"Friends... What are those?"
Reacting to that answer, the two instinctively exchanged glances. There were many peculiar traits to Yui's «syndrome». Rather than merely her mental age receding, it was closer to giving the impression as if bits and pieces of her memory were vanishing.
In order to improve her condition, it would be best to find her actual guardians... Telling herself that, Asuna faced Yui and answered.
"Well, friends are the people who are able to help out Yui-chan. Now, let's get ready."
Yui's expression still showed signs of doubt, but she nodded and got up.
The white one-piece dress worn by the girl, having short puff sleeves and made from a thin material, looked like it would be cold to go out in during this season, the start of winter. Of course, feeling cold, or perhaps catching a cold, suffering from some damage, things like that do not happen— well, it would be a different story if you were to strip and go to a frigid area, but— The fact that one would usually feel at unease does not change.
Asuna scrolled through her item list, materializing heavy clothing, one after another, and when she finally found a sweater that suited the girl, she came to a sudden stop.
Normally, when equipping clothes, one would manipulate the equipment figure from the status window. Cloth, liquids and such soft objects were not very well reproduced in SAO, and thus, rather than an independent, separate object, clothes were treated as a part of the body instead.
Taking note of Asuna's hesitation, Kirito questioned Yui.
"Yui, about your window, can you open it?"
As expected, the girl tilted her head to the side in complete ignorance.
"Well then, try moving your finger on your right hand. Like this."
Kirito waved his finger, and a purple rectangular window appeared under his hand. Seeing that, Yui mimicked the motion with an unsteady hand, but the window did not open.
"...As I thought, there's some kind of system bug. But still, not being able to open your status is just way too serious... You can't do anything like that."
Just as Kirito bit his lips, in that instant. Getting annoyed, Yui, who was waving her finger on her right hand, waved her left hand instead this time. Right at that moment, a glowing purple window was displayed under her hand.
"It's out!"
Above Yui, who was grinning away with delight, Asuna exchanged glances with Kirito, who was taken aback with surprise. She had no idea what was going on any longer.
"Yui-chan, let me take a look."
Asuna leaned over and peered into the girl's window. However, the status was usually hidden to all except the owner, and all she got a glimpse of was a bare, plain screen.
"Sorry, let me have your hand."
Asuna took Yui's hand in hers, moving her slim index finger, clicking around where she thought the visibility mode button was by intuition.
Her aim accurate, the features of the screen soon came into sight with a short sound effect. Typically, as stealing a glance into another's status was considered a heavy breach of etiquette, despite the uncommon circumstances, Asuna tried her best to keep from looking at it and nimbly open only the inventory, but...
"Wh-What's with this!?"
The second she glanced across the top section of the screen, she burst out in astonishment.
The top screen of the menu window was normally separated into three areas. The arrangement was such that in the topmost section, the name was shown in English characters along with the long and thin HP and EXP bars, and below that, in the right half, would be the equipment figure, while the left half would be the summary of command buttons. There were countless sample designs to customize with for the icons and such, but the default layout cannot be changed. On the other hand, in the topmost section of Yui's window, only the strange name display, «Yui-MHCP001» exists, with neither the HP bar nor EXP bar, or even the level display. Although the equipment figure was there, the amount of command buttons was drastically less than usual, with only «Item» and «Option» there.
Finding Asuna's freeze fishy, Kirito approached and peeked into the window as well, losing his breath. Yui, not knowing the significance behind the window's abnormalities herself, looked up at the pair curiously.
"Is this also... a bug in the system...?"
Asuna muttered, and a deep groan escaped from Kirito's throat.
"For some reason... rather than a bug, it looks more like it was designed in this manner from the very start... Damn, I don't think I've ever been more irritated that there aren't any GMs around, more than I am today."
"Normally, in SAO, there aren't really any bugs or lag to speak of, so there isn't really any need for GMs... There's no point brooding about that issue anymore, I guess..."
Shrugging her shoulders, Asuna moved Yui's finger once again, opening up the inventory. Placing the sweater she picked up from the table onto it, the item was stored into the window with a glint of light. Next, she dragged the name of the sweater towards the equipment figure, dropping it there.
Along with a sound effect resembling a bell, Yui's body was enveloped in particles of light right away, modifying the light-pink sweater into an actual object onto her.
"Waah..."
Wearing a sunny expression, Yui stretched out her hands and looked down at her own body. Asuna continued, getting a skirt of a similar color with black tights, red shoes and equipping the items on, one after another, finally having returned the original one-piece dress back to the inventory, she dismissed the window.
Finished dressing, Yui looked delighted, rubbing her cheek against the fluffy sweater's texture and pulling on the skirt.
"Now, let's get going, then."
"Um. Papa, carry."
Responding to Yui reaching out with both hands without a care, Kirito shyly gave a wry smile as he lifted the girl's body up. While doing so, he glanced at Asuna, and spoke.
"Asuna, just in case, be prepared for battle anytime. We shouldn't be going out of the city, but... that is the «Army»'s territory, after all..."
"Hm... It's best not to let our guard down."
With a nod, Asuna checked through her own inventory and walked towards the door together with Kirito. It would be good if the girl's guardians were found; those really were her honest feelings, but imagining parting with Yui made her feel strangely uncomfortable. They had only known each other for a single day, but Yui seemed to have completely taken over a tender part of Asuna's heart.

It had actually been months since her last descent to the first floor, the «Starting City».
Feeling complex emotions within her, Asuna stood still near the teleport gate's exit, scouting out the huge plaza and the streets stretching out beyond that.
Of course, as this was Aincrad's largest city, comparing the number of facilities essential to adventuring here with those of other cities, there was no competition at all. Prices were generally low, and all sorts of inns could be found here. Judging in terms of efficiency, this was a most suitable place to be used as a base town.
However, if you were to go by Asuna's contacts, not even a single high level player had stayed in the Starting City all the way until now. The oppression from the «Army» was one of the reasons, but it was mainly due to the fact that when standing in the central plaza and looking up toward the sky, one could not help but recall what had happened back then.
The start of it all was merely a whim.
Born through a relationship between a businessman father and a scholar mother, Asuna— Yuuki Asuna, was raised, subjected to the expectations of her parents from the very time she gained awareness. Both of her parents were people who were mercilessly firm with themselves, while being gentle to Asuna, and due to that, she was afraid of how they would react if she did not live up to their expectations.
Her brother was probably the same. Both Asuna and her brother had gone to the private school chosen by their parents, and without a hitch, constantly retained their excellent results. From the time her brother finally reached the age to be admitted into university and left the house, she existed with nothing on her mind, but solely to live up to her parents' expectations. Taking up lessons for multiple activities, socializing only with friends approved by her parents, but as she went through life like that, Asuna eventually felt her world shrinking, as though it was steadily deflating. If she continued on this predetermined path— proceeding onwards to the high school and university chosen by her parents, marrying the partner chosen by her parents, she believed she would definitely be trapped within an extraordinarily hard shell, even smaller than she was then, and be forever unable to escape from it; these were the fears she had always suffered from.
That was why, when her brother was employed by the company managed by her father and came back home, speaking so spiritedly with a Nerve Gear and a copy of SAO that he had gotten through his connections, about what would become the world's first «VRMMO», even Asuna who had not touched a television console game before, felt a minor trace of interest about that strange new world.
Of course, if her brother were to use it in his own room, she probably would have soon forgotten and not bothered about things such as the Nerve Gear. However, thanks to bad timing, her brother had to go on a business trip overseas on the very first day of the start of the SAO service, and so, Asuna ended up requesting to borrow it from her brother, for just a single day on a mere whim. Feeling the desire to peek into a world she had never seen before, that was all it was—
And thus, everything changed.
Even now, she could still recall the excitement of that day, when she changed from Asuna to "Asuna", finding herself on an unknown street, among people unknown to her.
But immediately after that, when that god of emptiness descended down and announced this death game, with the inability to escape from this world, the first thing Asuna thought about was the Mathematics work that she did not yet start on.
If she did not hurry back and settle that, she would get scolded by her teacher in the following day's lesson. For the life that Asuna had led thus far, that would be a failure that she could not allow... but of course, the severity of the situation was not of such a degree.
One week, two weeks, even as each day was idly passed by, there was no sign of help from the outside. Secluding herself within one of the rooms of a Starting City's inn, cowering atop the bed, Asuna constantly experienced a ridiculous amount of panic. Screaming every now and then, even beating on the walls as she wailed. It was the winter of her third year in middle school. Soon would be her examinations, and after that, the new school term. Being derailed from that path was considered the same as the devastation of her life, to Asuna.
Asuna spent each day amidst troubled fits, embracing deep, murky convictions.
Rather than being concerned for their child's body, her parents were definitely busy being extremely disappointed over the daughter who failed her examinations due to a game console. Her friends, while suffering from some grief, were probably pitying the one who dropped out of their group, or perhaps sneering over it.
When she passed her critical point with those dark thoughts, Asuna finally made a decision— to leave the inn. Not waiting to be rescued, but to escape from here with her own strength. To become the savior who would put an end to this incident. If she hadn't taken that path, she most likely would not have been able to retain her presence within the minds of the people around her any longer.
Asuna prepared some equipment, memorized the entire reference manual, and headed out into the field. Sleeping time for each day was restricted to two, three hours, and the rest of her time was sunk into level training. As a result of focusing all of her natural wisdom and willpower into clearing the game, it was not long before she was able to enter the list of top level players. This was how the ardent swordswoman, Asuna the «Flash», was born.

And back to the present— Two years have passed, and the now seventeen year old Asuna looked back at the self from that time with bitter feelings. No, not just the period right after the game started. Towards all that had happened before that, that self that lived within that solid, shrinking world too, she recollected that part of her past with a wretched, painful sorrow.
She did not understand the meaning of what it was like «to live». All she had done was think of nothing but the ideal future, sacrificing the present in the process. The «now» was naught but the means to bring about the perfect future, and hence, with its demise, there was nothing left but to disappear into the middle of nothingness.
It was no good with only one or the other. Overlooking the world of SAO, she thus concluded seriously.
One chasing the future would be like what she once was, fanatically advancing towards the clearing of the game, while one clinging only to the past would still be cowering in an inn's room. And the one who lives only for the moment would seek transient pleasure as a criminal at times.
But despite being in this world, there were people who enjoyed the present, making memories, one after another, while working hard to escape. The one who taught that to her was the black-haired swordsman she met a year ago. The desire for his way of life— from the moment that entered her mind, the hue of her day to day life changed.
Now, even if it was in the real world, she felt like she would be able to break through that shell. She believed that she would be able to live for her own sake. As long as this person stayed by her side—
Asuna gently approached Kirito, embracing his own deep feelings as he stared down the streets. The pain that she felt once again, as she gazed upon the stone roof in the sky, was a mere, faint thing.

Shaking her head once as though she was trying to clear up her sentiments, Asuna peered into Yui's face, still being carried by Kirito.
"Yui-chan, do you have any memories of any buildings, or things like that?"
"Uu..."
With a complex expression, Yui looked around at the rock structures, extending out from the plaza, before finally shaking her head.
"I don't know..."
"Well, the Starting City is pretty darn big, after all."
Kirito spoke while rubbing Yui's head.
"Well, something will probably ring a bell sooner or later if we keep walking around. Let's just check out the central marketplace for now."
"I guess you're right."
Nodding in agreement, the couple started walking towards the main street to the south.
But still— As she walked, Asuna looked over the plaza once again with some doubt. There were an unexpectedly small number of people around.
The gate plaza of the Starting City was wide as expected, being able to fit all ten thousand players two years back, at the opening of the server. In the middle of all that stone-paved empty space in the shape of a perfect circle, lies a towering clock tower, with the teleport gate flickering blue within its lower section. Flowerbeds extended out, set in concentric circles around the tower, with multiple elegant, white benches lined up between them. It would not be strange at all for it to be crowded with people seeking a moment of rest on such a nice afternoon; but all of the human figures around were either at the gate, or heading towards the plaza's exit, with barely anyone standing around or sitting on the benches.
For the major streets on the upper floors, the gate plaza would always be in a clutter with a flood of players engaging briskly in gossip, searching for party members, setting up modest street stalls; and as a result of all the people hanging around, even walking forward was difficult, but—
"Hey, Kirito-kun."
"Hm?"
Asuna asked as Kirito turned around.
"Around how many players are over here right now?"
"Hmm, well... The number of players still alive are around six thousand, and roughly thirty percent of that are still in the Starting City if we include the «Army»; so it would be just below two thousand, wouldn't it?"
"Considering that, don't you think there're too little people around?"
"When you point it out that way... Maybe they're gathered around the market?"
However, entering the main street from the plaza, even as they drew close to the market area with shops and carts lined up, the streets remained quiet. The random touting from the energetic NPC shopkeepers echoed futilely through the streets.
Despite that, they were able to find a man sitting under a large tree in the middle of the street, and Asuna approached and tried calling out to him.
"Ah, excuse me."
The man, staring upwards towards the treetops with an oddly serious expression, spoke as though it was a bother, without adjusting his view.
"What is it?"
"Well... Around this area, are there any places that act as a space for searching for people?"
Hearing those words, the man finally shifted his vision towards Asuna. He scrutinized Asuna's face without reserve.
"What, so you were an outsider."
"Ah, yes. Well... we're kind of trying to look for the guardians of this child..."
She pointed at Yui, dozing off while held in Kirito's arms, behind her.
Garbed in a plain uniform that made it hard to determine his class, the man widened his eyes slightly when he gave a fleeting glance at Yui, but he soon moved his view back to the treetops.
"...A lost child, huh, that's rare. ...At the church beside the river of the seventh district in the east, there's a bunch of kid players gathered and living there, so try there."
"Th-Thank you."
Able to get ahold of surprisingly promising information, Asuna quickly bowed her head. Having done that, she tried putting out another question.
"Ahh... Just what, are you doing over here? And also, why are there so little people around?"
Even as the man made a grimace, he replied, apparently not as bothered as he might appear.
"That would be a classified secret, or so I would like to say. Well, seeing as you're outsiders... Look, you can see it, right? That high branch over there."
Asuna followed the path of the man's outstretched finger. The overhanging branches of the sizable trees by the road were vividly dyed in the colors of autumn, but if you were to focus and stare at them, you could spot several yellow fruits, springing up in the shadows of the leaves.
"Of course, as the roadside trees are indestructible objects, even if you climb it, you won't even be able to get a single leaf off it."
The man continued his words.
"Everyday, there's a few times when that fruit falls down... There's only a few minutes before it rots and disappears, but if you don't miss that chance and manage to pick it up, you can sell it to the NPC for quite a bit. Not to mention it tastes pretty good."
"Ohhh."
For Asuna, who had mastered her cooking skill, discussions about ingredient items were of remarkable interest.
"Around how much does it go for?"
"...Don't spread this around. For each of them, five col."
"..."
Looking upon the man's proud expression, Asuna was unintentionally rendered speechless. She was surprised by just how cheap the price was. In that case, toiling by clinging onto this tree for the entire day did not quite match up with the results.
"Ah, well... In that case, it's not quite worth it, or rather... If you were to just defeat a single worm in the field, you could get thirty col."
At the moment she said that, the man stared in wonder this time. He did not quite accuse her of not being right in the head, but turned towards Asuna with an expression showing how absurd he thought it was.
"You seriously saying that? If you were to go and fight monsters in the field... You might actually die, wouldn't you."
"..."
Asuna could not think of a reply. It was just as the man had said; fighting against monsters always had the danger of death accompanying it. But with Asuna's current mentality, it was like worrying about getting into a traffic accident while crossing the road in the real world all day and night; there was no use getting scared over it.
Whether her own sense of death in SAO had been dulled, or whether the man was being overly nervous, being unable to judge that in an instant, Asuna stood motionlessly still. Probably, neither of them could be considered as correct. At the Starting City, what the man had said was definitely common sense.
Not taking any notice of Asuna's complicated mental state, the man continued speaking.
"And, what was it, the reason why there isn't anyone around? It's not that they aren't around. Everyone's cooped up in their inn rooms. They might meet up with the Army's tax collection force in the daytime, after all."
"Ta-Tax collection... Just what do you mean by that?"
"It's just the polite way of saying extortion. Be on the lookout; those guys won't spare you even if you're outsiders. Oh, looks like one's falling... that's the end of this chat."
Shutting his mouth, the man started glaring at the skies seriously. Asuna quickly bowed, and noticing that Kirito had kept his silence during the entire conversation, turned around to her back.
At that spot, was Kirito's figure, focusing on the yellow fruit with a serious look, not unlike that worn in the midst of combat. It seems that he intends to go all out to attain the next fruit that drops.
"Stop that already, geez!"
"B-But you see, doesn't it bother you?"
Gripping Kirito by the nape of his neck, Asuna started walking while dragging him away.
"Ah, ahh... and it looked good too..."
Pulling Kirito by his ear, with his regrets still lingering, she forced him to turn around.
"Rather than that, which way is the seventh eastern district? There seems to be young players living together there, so let's try going there."
"...Yeeah."
Taking over Yui, who had completely fallen asleep, and holding onto her tightly, Asuna pored over the map while keeping pace beside Kirito.
As Yui had the external form of someone around ten years of age, doing something like this in the real world would cause her arms to fail in just a few minutes, but thanks to the compensation from her physical strength parameter, Asuna felt the weight of nothing more than a pillow filled with feathers.
Walking towards the south-east through the spacious streets for ten minutes, barely passing by anyone as before, they finally approached a vast garden-like area. The forest of broad-leaved trees with their colors changing were waving dejectedly in the cold winds of the early winter.
"Let's see, this is shown as the eastern seventh district on the map, but... I wonder just where is that church."
"Ah, isn't it over there?"
Beyond the forest, stretching out on the right side of the road, Asuna spotted a distinctively tall spire and fixed her sight in that direction. At the summit of the ashen blue roofed tower, a metal ankh formed by combining a cruciform with a circle, was gleaming. It was the unmistakable mark of a church, of which at least one exists in every town. And through the altar inside, tasks such as removing the attack unique to monsters, «Curse», and the blessing of weapons to go up against undead monsters with, were possible. In SAO, where magic-based components barely exist, it could be considered a most mysterious place. Also, as long as col was regularly offered, a small room within the church could be borrowed and used as a replacement for an inn.
"Wa-Wait a moment."
Asuna unwittingly called Kirito to a stop, just as he was planning to walk towards the church.
"Hm? What is it?"
"Ah, no... Well... if, we happen upon Yui's guardians over there, we'll be... leaving Yui-chan there, right...?"
"..."
Kirito's black eyes softened with sympathy towards Asuna. He drew his arms close, gently embracing Asuna's body along with the sleeping Yui.
"I don't want to part with her either. Just how do I say this... with Yui's presence, that house in the forest really felt like it became a real home... well, that was how it felt like... But, it's not like you'll never meet again. If Yui regains her memories, she'll definitely come and visit again."
"Hm... That's right."
Giving a small nod, Asuna brought Yui, still in her arms, closer and lightly grazed her cheek, before walking forth, having resolved her feelings.
The church building was a mere trifle when compared with the scale of the city. It was a two-storied building, with only a single spire that acted as its symbol. But still, there were multiple churches within the Starting City, and the ones near the gate plaza were at the size of a minor castle.
Reaching the grand double doors in the front, Asuna pushed one of them open with her right hand. Being a public facility, it was naturally not locked. The interior was dim, and only the flames from the candles, decorating the altar at the front, burned, weakly illuminating the stone-paved flooring. There were no signs of life at first glance.
Popping only her upper body through the entrance, Asuna called out.
"Ahh, is there anyone here?"
Even as the sound of her voice trailed away with an echo effect, no one seemed to have appeared.
"Is there no one here...?"
As she tilted her head to the side, Kirito refuted her in a low voice.
"Nah, there's people. Three in the right room, four in the left... And more on the second floor."
"...With the detection skill, you're even able to tell the number of people beyond walls?"
"From the proficiency of nine hundred and eighty, that is. It's pretty handy, so you should increase it too."
"No way, training is so boring that I'll just go crazy. ...Putting that aside, I wonder why they're hiding..."
Asuna softly stepped into the church's interior. The surroundings were engulfed in a deathly silence, but she somehow felt the presence of people concealing their breaths within.
"Ah, excuse me, we're searching for someone!"
She tried calling out in a louder voice. With that— the door on the right side opened just the slightest bit, and a feeble female voice sounded out from there.
"...You aren't from the «Army», are you?"
"We aren't. We came here from the upper floors."
Both Asuna and Kirito did not have their swords, or even a single piece of armor meant for battle put on. Players belonging to the Army had a uniform of heavy armor on at all times, so one should be able to tell that they were unrelated to the Army even through appearances alone.
Soon enough, the door creaked open, and a single female player timidly showed up.
A head of dull blue short hair, with a large pair of glasses with black rims, and within those, deep green eyes were opened wide, filled with apprehension. Dressed in a plain dress of a simple dark blue shade, she had a dagger sheathed in its scabbard in her hand.
"You really... aren't from the Army's tax collection group, right...?"
Asuna gave the woman a reassuring smile, and nodded.
"Yes, we are searching for someone and just got here from above today. We're absolutely not related to the Army at all."
In that instant—
"From above!? You mean that you're actual swordsmen!?"
Along with a high-pitched boyish shout, the door behind the woman opened wide, and several human figures ran out disorderly. Immediately following that, the door on the left side of the altar was thrown open as well, and similarly, several people burst out.
Taken aback with surprise, as Asuna and Kirito watched over the scene without speaking, the ones lined up in a row on both sides of the bespectacled woman were all young players who could be considered as young boys and girls. The youngest was probably twelve, while the oldest would be around fourteen. All of them were in a state of keen interest over Asuna and Kirito, ogling all over them.
"Hey, all of you, I said to stay hidden in the room, didn't I!"
Only the woman, pushing back the children in a fluster, could be seen as around twenty of age. That said, not a single child was following her order.
But right after that, the first one who ran out from the room, a boy with short, red, bristling hair standing up on end yelled out in a disappointed tone.
"What's with that, you aren't even holding a single sword. Hey, didn't you come from above? Shouldn't you have a weapon at least?"
The latter half of those words were directed at Kirito.
"N-No, it's not that we don't have any, but..."
Kirito replied as he darted his eyes about in surprise, and the children's faces instantly brightened up once again. Lemme see, lemme see, all of them pleaded insistently.
"See here now, you can't just go about speaking so impolitely to people you've just met. —Sorry, we rarely ever welcome any guests around, so..."
Facing the truly sorry-looking bespectacled woman bowing down, Asuna spoke in a hurry.
"N-No, it's not a problem. —Hey, Kirito-kun, I think you have some still left in your inventory, so why don't you let them see?"
"Y-Yeah."
Nodding to Asuna's proposal, Kirito opened a window and moved his finger, changing about ten weapon-type items into objects at the same time, and piling them up on the long table nearby. They were items dropped by monsters during a recent adventure that were left alone as he did not have the time to sell them off yet.
Kirito closed the window, with all of the surplus items except the couple's equipment taken out, and the children cheered loudly and swarmed around them. Getting a feel of the swords, maces and such, one after another, cries of "Heavyy" and "Cool" soon resounded. It was a scene that would leave any overprotective parent faint, but no matter how weapons were handled within towns, it was impossible for them to suffer any damage.
"—I'm truly sorry..."
Although the bespectacled woman bowed her head down troubled, a smile came to her face at the sight of the delighted children, and she spoke.
"...Ah, do come this way. I'll prepare some tea, so..."
Guided to the small room in the place of worship, Asuna and Kirito took a sip of the hot tea offered to them and let out a relieved sigh.
"Then... you mentioned that you came to search for someone...?"
The bespectacled female player sitting on the opposing chair asked, with a slight incline of her head.
"Ah, yes. Er... I'm Asuna, and this person would be Kirito."
"Ahh, excuse me, I haven't even given my name yet. I am Sasha."
And she quickly bowed with her introduction.
"And, this child is Yui."
While brushing the hair of the still sleeping Yui on her lap, Asuna continued.
"This child got lost in the middle of the forest on the twenty-second floor. She... seemed to have lost her memories, so..."
"My..."
The woman who called herself Sasha widened her large deep green eyes, hidden behind her glasses.
"She didn't have anything aside from clothes equipped either, so it didn't seem like she lived on the upper floors... And so, perhaps her guardians are at the Starting City... or maybe people who knew this child might be around, we thought; hence, we came here to find them. Thus, when we heard that the children were gathered at the church here..."
"So that was how it was..."
Sasha grasped the cup within her hands, and dropped her gaze to the table.
"...Right now, there are twenty living here in this church, children from grade school to children around middle school. I believe it should be, more or less, all of the child players around in this city. At the time this game started..."
Sasha began to speak in a hushed, but clear tone.
"Almost that many children went into panic attacks and essentially underwent mental problems. Of course, there were children who got used to the game and left the city, but I believe them to be the exceptions."
It was something that Asuna experienced too, in her third year of middle school at that time. When she secluded herself in that inn room, she believed that she certainly did feel her mind crumbling away, almost driven to a corner.
"It's only to be expected; they were still at the age when they wanted to be spoiled by their parents. To be suddenly told something like them being unable to get out from here, maybe even never ever returning to the real world— those children mostly broke down, and within them... it seems there were some that broke the connection just like that."
Sasha's mouth firmly grew stiff.
"For a month or so after the game started, I thought about aiming for the completion of the game and went to train in the field, but... one day, I saw one of those children at a street corner, and I just couldn't leave the child alone; so I brought the child with me and started living together in the inn. And then, when I thought of all the other children still around like that child, I started to go about the city, so as to call out to children by themselves. Before I knew it, it turned out this way. That's why, somehow... despite there being people fighting at the upper floors like the two of you, to think that I dropped out, it feels inexcusable."
"That's... That's not—"
While shaking her head, Asuna struggled with all her might to find the appropriate words, but her voice was caught in her throat. Picking up the slack, Kirito spoke.
"That's not true at all. You're fighting valiantly... Much greater than someone like me is."
"Thank you very much. But I'm not quite doing this out of a sense of duty. It's been very enjoyable living with these children."
Sasha smiled sweetly and stared at the sleeping Yui worriedly.
"That's why... For two years straight, we went through all the buildings in an area each day, checking to see if there were any children who needed help. If there was such a small child left around, we would have definitely noticed. I'm sorry to say this... but as for this child, I don't believe she was living in the Starting City."
"Is that so..."
Asuna hung her head down, hugging tightly onto Yui. She pulled herself together and looked towards Sasha.
"Er, this seems like it would be intruding into your privacy, but how do you get by, for your daily living expenses and such?"
"Ah, for that, aside from me, there are several older children protecting this place around... they're at a level that ensures their complete safety as long as they stay within the fields around this city, so we can still do something about our food supply. We can't afford to live luxuriously though."
"Oh, that's amazing... Judging from what I heard earlier in the city, something like hunting monsters in the field is considered a suicidal act that goes against common sense."
Sasha nodded at Kirito's words.
"Basically, I believe that's what all of the players left in the Starting City think. I won't deny that idea; it can't really be helped, when you consider there's the danger of death... However, that could also be the reason why we're earning more money when compared to the average player in this city."
That was certainly true; to regularly reserve the guest room in this church, a hundred col would probably be needed every day. It was an amount that greatly exceeded the daily income of that fruit hunter from earlier.
"That is why I've been keeping my eyes on them recently..."
"...On who?"
Sasha's gentle eyes turned stern in an instant. Just as she opened her mouth to continue her words, at that moment...
"Sensei! Sasha-sensei! It's horrible!!"
The door to the room slammed open, and several children flooded in like an avalanche.
"Hey now, you're being rude to our guests!"
"That's not the matter here!!"
The red-haired youth from earlier shouted, with tears threatening to spill from his eyes.
"Ginn-bro and the others have been captured by the Army!"
"—Where!?"
Getting up with a manner so resolute that it felt as though she became another person, Sasha asked of the young boy.
"At the vacant land behind the second-hand shop at the fifth eastern district. The Army is blocking the passageway with ten people or so. Kotta was the only one who managed to get away."
"Understood, I'll go right away. —Excuse me, but..."
Turning around to face Asuna and Kirito, Sasha lightly bowed her head.
"I cannot just ignore the children in need. We will continue the conversation later on..."
"We'll go as well, sensei!!"
As the red-haired boy cried out, the entire crowd of children behind too, shouted out in agreement. Rushing next to Kirito, the boy had a desperate expression as he spoke.
"Bro, let us have the weapons from earlier for a while! If we have them, even those guys from the Army will run away!"
"I cannot accept that!"
Sasha let loose her refusal.
"The lot of you will wait here!"
At that time, Kirito, who had been watching over the development silently, raised his right hand, as though to pacify the children. He rarely ever read the air or understood the extent of conversations right, but only at times like this, did he exhibit a mysterious presence, quickly silencing the children.
"—It's a pity though—"
Kirito began speaking in a composed tone.
"The parameters required for that weapon are way too high, so someone like you wouldn't be able to equip it. We'll help you out. Even if she does look like that, that big sis over there is unreasonably strong."
Glancing at Kirito, Asuna too, returned a firm nod. Getting up, she turned towards Sasha and opened her mouth.
"Please allow us to help as well. Having more manpower should be for the best."
"—Thank you, I'll be counting on you."
Sasha gave a deep bow, firmly pulled up her glasses, and spoke.
"Well then, forgive me, but we'll be running!"

Rushing out from the church, Sasha began running straight ahead with her dagger shaking on her waist. Holding onto Yui, Asuna too, chased behind her along with Kirito. As Asuna glanced towards her back while running, she found a huge crowd of children following behind, but it did not seem like Sasha had any intention to send them away.
Weaving their way through the groves of trees, they entered the sixth eastern district and dove through the back alleys. It seemed that they were taking shortcuts for the shortest distance possible, and as they crossed through NPC store fronts, gardens belonging to private houses and such, they spotted a group blocking the thin alleyway in front. There were probably at least ten people. Dressed in uniform ash-green and steel-black equipment, they were unmistakably members of the «Army».
As Sasha, who was dashing through the alleyways without hesitation, drew to a stop, she caught the attention of the players from the Army, and they turned around with a broad grin.
"Oh, the baby-sitter is here."
"...Please return the children."
Sasha spoke with an unwavering voice.
"Don't just tarnish our reputation like that. We'll return them soon; we're just instilling some proper social etiquette into them."
"Yeah, yeah. The townspeople do have their responsibility to pay up their taxes, after all."
The men went wa-ha-ha-ha, letting loose raucous laughter. Sasha's tightly closed fist trembled.
"Ginn! Kain! Mina!! Are you there!?"
When Sasha called out towards the men, a frightened girlish voice soon rang out in response.
"Sensei! Sensei... help us!"
"Don't worry about the money, just hand it all over!"
"Sensei... we can't just...!"
This time, it was a strained boyish voice.
"Nha, ha, ha."
One of the men blocking up the road spluttered out a laugh that resembled a spasm.
"Well, it's all because you guys haven't been paying up quite a bit of taxes... Money just isn't enough like this, eh."
"That's right, that's right. We'll have you drop your equipment here too. All of your armor too... every single, last piece."
Looking on at the men's vulgar smirks, Asuna instantly guessed at the state of affairs from within the alley. This «tax collection force» was no doubt demanding for the group of children, which included a girl, to take off all of their clothes as well. A fury close to blood-thirst began swelling within Asuna.
Sasha seemed to have reached the same conclusion, drew closer to the men, brimming with hostility.
"Get out... Get out of my way! Otherwise..."
"Otherwise what, baby-sitter? You gonna pay the tax in their place?"
The smirking men made no effort to move whatsoever.
Within towns, or within the boundary of the town's range, so to speak, as the program known as the Crime Protection Code is always activated, trying to inflict damage, as well as attempts to move other players against their will were completely impossible. But in return, malicious players blocking paths cannot be eliminated. Sealing up the roadway by standing there, to «block»; even getting several people to surround the target directly to immobilize the victim, to «box»; the existence of these unethical harassment methods ended up being allowed.
That said, those acts were only effective in cases where one was moving on the ground after all. Asuna looked at Kirito, and spoke.
"Let's go, Kirito-kun."
"Yeah."
Nodding in agreement, they casually kicked off the ground.
Towards the pair jumping using all of their dexterity and strength, Sasha and the member of the Army could only look up dumbfounded as they soared over them easily, landing in the space that was enclosed from all sides.
"Woah!?"
Several men in there jumped back with fright.
In the corner of the area, two boys and a girl in their early tens were huddled together stiffly. Their armor was already removed, dressed only in simple underwear. Asuna bit her lips, stepped up to the children, and spoke with a smile on.
"It's alright now. You can return your equipment."
The youths immediately nodded with round eyes, picking up the armor at their feet frantically, and started operating their windows.
"Oi... Oi, oi, oi!!"
At that moment, a player from the Army finally came to his senses and shouted out loud.
"The heck's with you guys!! Don't you dare obstruct the work of the «Army»!!"
"Now, now, wait a bit."
Stopping that, a man with noticeably heavier armor stepped forward. He seemed to be the leader of the group.
"We haven't seen you guys around, but do you know what it means to go against the Liberation Force? If you still intend to, we can even hear out your case in detail at the headquarters."
The leader's slim eyes shone with a vile light. Pulling out a large broadsword from his waist, he stepped up while repeatedly striking the sword blade with his palm, as if on purpose. The surface of the sword glittered with the light from the low-lying setting sun. A shallow gleam typical of a weapon that had never experienced or been repaired from damage even a single time.
"Or do you want to bring this «outside the boundary» to settle it, outside the boundary? Eh!?"
At the moment she heard that single phrase.
The clenching of Asuna's teeth rang out. She thought it best to settle the matter amicably, but when she saw the youths shivering with fear, her fury had already passed her limit.
"...Kirito-kun, I'll leave Yui-chan to you."
Yui was handed over to Kirito, and before anyone knew what was happening, he had already flung out the materialized Asuna's rapier with a single hand. Drawing the sword as she received it, she nimbly moved towards the leader.
"A.... Ah...?"
Facing the man, still unable to catch up with the situation with his mouth left half-open, Asuna suddenly threw all her power into a single-handed stab.
The surroundings were dyed in a violet flash of light. The sound of an impact on the level of an explosion. The man's menacing face was thrown back, and he fell backwards onto his rear in a daze, with his eyes still open.
"If you wish for a battle that much, there's no need to go all the way to the field."
Walking right up to the man, Asuna once again brandished her right hand. The flash repeated, and a deafening sound rumbled out. The leader tumbled backwards, as though he was repelled.
"Don't worry, your HP didn't drop after all. Well, thanks to that though, I don't have to stop either."
Looking up at the figure of Asuna approaching with steady steps with trembling lips, the leader appeared to have finally realized what she implied.
Within the range of the Crime Prevention Code, even if attacks from weapons are targeted at players, it will be stopped by an invisible barrier and no damage will be inflicted. But this rule too, had an alternate significance: that the attacker would have no worries of being corrupted into the colors reserved for criminals.


An example that uses that fact would be the «Within Boundary Battle», usually done as a mock battle used for practice. However, with the increase of the attacker's stats and skills, the noise of the impact and the luminosity of the color created by the system, at the time the Code was activated, will be intensified accordingly; And in addition to that, with the power of the sword skill used, though slight, a knockback effect would be produced as well. For people not used to it, it was not an easy thing to bear, even if they do understand that their HP was not reduced.
"Eek... s-sto..."
Knocked down onto the ground by Asuna's sword attack, the leader screeched out.
"You guys... don't just watch... do something about it...!!"
Finally regaining their senses with that voice, the members of the Army pulled out their weapons one after another.
The blocking players, who sensed the abnormality of the situation, ran in too, from the north and south roads.
Surrounded by the men in the shape of a semicircle, Asuna faced them with eyes blazing brightly, as though she had returned to the time when she was the ardent warrior. Kicking off the ground without a word, she sliced the troops right before her.
In just an instant, the narrow space was filled with the consecutively howling of a thunderous roar.
About three minutes later.
As Asuna, having regained her senses, stopped moving and lowered her sword, all that laid within that area, were the collapsed bodies of the players from the Army, scattered around. The only ones left all seemed to have deserted their leader and escaped.
"Whew..."
Taking a large breath of air, she sheathed her rapier back into its scabbard and turned around— all she saw were the figures of Sasha and the children from the church, standing stock still, lost for words.
"Ah..."
Asuna took a step back as she held her breath. She believed that she had definitely frightened the children when she abandoned herself to her fury and lashed out earlier, and cast her eyes down in depression.
But at that moment, the usual boy who stood at the head of the children, with his combed back red hair, cried out with his eyes sparkling.
"Amazing... That was amazing, sis!! That was the first time I saw anything like that!!"
"I told you that this big sister was unreasonably strong, didn't I?"
Kirito stepped forward with a broad smile. Holding onto Yui with his left hand, a sword hung lowered on his right. It seemed that he had faced off several others.
"...A-Ahaha."
Asuna laughed, feeling troubled, and the children suddenly gave several loud cheers, jumping towards her.
Sasha held her two hands tightly before her bosom, smiling with eyes that seemed to be holding back tears.
"Everyone's.... Everyone's hearts are—"
A slight, but clear voice resounded. Asuna raised her face, startled. Within Kirito's arm, Yui who had awoken without anyone noticing, looked towards blank air and reached out with her right hand.
Asuna looked towards that direction in a fluster, but there was nothing there.
"Everyone's hearts... are..."
"Yui! What's the matter, Yui!!"
Kirito cried out, and Yui blinked twice or thrice, looking on with a blanked out expression. Asuna too, ran up in her confusion, grasping onto Yui's hand.
"Yui-chan... could it be, that you remembered something!?"
"...I... I..."
Frowning, she hung her head down.
"I, wasn't... here... Always, by myself, in the darkness..."
Frowning as though she recalled something, she bit her lips. And, at that moment...
"Wa... aa... aaah!!"
Throwing her head back, a high-pitched shriek surged out from her slender throat.
"...!?"
Zsh, zsh, a sound similar to electronic noise reverberated within Asuna's ears for the first time ever since she was in SAO. Immediately after that, Yui's petrified body started trembling here and there, as though they were decaying away.
"Yu... Yui-chan...!"
Asuna screamed and wrapped her hands around that body frantically.
"Mama... scary... Mama...!!"
Holding up the feebly moaning Yui from Kirito's arm, Asuna tightly embraced her within her chest. Several seconds later, the mysterious phenomenon settled down, and the strength escaped from Yui's rigid body.
"What... happened just now..."
The hollow murmur from Kirito faintly flowed through the empty space consumed in silence.
Part 3
"Everyone, take one piece of bread each!"
"Hey, it'll spill if you don't pay attention!"
"Aah, sensei! Ginn stole my sunny-side-up fried egg!"
"I gave you my carrots in return, didn't I!"
"This is... pretty amazing..."
"Yea, it is..."
Both Asuna and Kirito gazed upon the scene of a breakfast, resembling a battlefield unfolding right before their eyes, and muttered to each other in a daze.
The Starting City, the guest room within the church of the seventh eastern district. Large plates of eggs, sausages, vegetable salads and such were lined up on a pair of huge, long tables, nearly overflowing them, and were ravaged by twenty or so children in a grand riot.
"But still, it looks like they're really having fun."
At the circular table slightly away, Asuna sat with Kirito, Yui, and Sasha, smiling as she brought a cup of tea to her lips.
"It's like this every day. It doesn't sink in no matter how many times they're told to be quiet."
Having said that, Sasha narrowed her eyes filled with love from the bottom of her heart, as she looked at the children.
"You really do like children, don't you?"
Asuna spoke, and Sasha smiled with embarrassment.
"On the other side, I was training to become a teacher in university. You see, classroom chaos has always been a problem, hasn't it? The chance to be able to guide children; I've always gotten fired up by it. But when I came here, when I started living with those children, just about everything was different from what I believed in... It felt like I was the one relying on them instead; that they were supporting me more rather than the other way around. But, well, that might be fine too... I started believing that it was merely a natural result."
"Well, I guess I do understand somehow."
Asuna nodded, softly brushing Yui's head, who was earnestly putting a spoon to her mouth beside her. The warmth brought about by Yui's existence surprised her. It was different from the heartrending love she felt in her chest that tightened when touched by Kirito; it was like being tucked into unseen feathers, before being covered once again; a quiet serenity.
Yesterday, passing out after going into a mysterious fit, Yui fortunately came to after several minutes. However, as Asuna did not want to immediately make any long trips or use the teleport gate, and also partly due to Sasha's keen invitation, they ended up borrowing one of the Church's available rooms for the night.
Yui's condition seemed well since the morning, so Asuna and Kirito were relieved for the moment, but her original circumstances had not changed. According to the faint memories that seemed to have returned to Yui, she appears to have never come to the Starting City, and in the first place, she was not living with a guardian. In that case, the origin of the defect in Yui's memory, the symptom of her regression back to an infant, was absolutely unknown, and they were at a loss for what they should be doing next.
But Asuna had tempered the feelings from the depths of her heart.
From now on too, she would continue living together with Yui until the day her memory returns. Even if her break were to end, and she had to return to the frontlines, there should be a way to somehow—
As Asuna got lost in her anxiety while stroking Yui's hair, Kirito put down his cup and started speaking.
"Sasha-san..."
"Yes?"
"...Well, it's about the Army. To the extent of my knowledge, despite the overwhelming tyranny from those guys, they were still determined to maintain public order. But looking back at those guys from yesterday, it was as if they were criminals... Since when has it been like that?"
Sasha tensed her mouth and answered.
"The time I felt their change in objectives should have been around half a year ago... There were some who committed acts of extortion under the name of tax collection, as well as others who, on the other hand, cracked down on those. I have also witnessed scenes of fellow members of the Army confronting each other several times. According to rumours, it seems that there were power struggles among the higher-ups or something like that..."
"Yeaah... Well, they're still an enormous organization of over a thousand members now, after all. There's no way they're monolithic though... But still, if what happened yesterday was a daily affair, they shouldn't be able to just leave it alone... Asuna."
"What?"
"Does that guy know about this situation?"
Guessing at whom Kirito referred to with those reluctantly spoken words, "that guy," Asuna spoke as she held back a smile.
"Well, I guess he would know... Leader Heathcliff is knowledgeable, even about the movements of the Army, after all. But about him, how should I say this, he doesn't seem to have much interest in anyone aside from the high levelled clearers... He has asked various things about Kirito-kun in the past, but at the time of the subjugation of the murder guild, «Laughing Coffin», he just left us with a single line going, "I'll leave it to you." Hence, I believe that he probably wouldn't mobilize the clearing group for the sake of influencing the Army."
"Well, it does seem like it's possible when you consider that guy... But in that case, we can't really do much with just us around."
Knitting his brows as he sipped his tea, Kirito suddenly raised his face and looked towards the entrance of the church.
"Someone's here. A single person..."
"Eh... Could it be another guest..?"
As if to emphasize Sasha's words, a loud knock resounded throughout the building.

The one who entered the dining room with Sasha, a dagger hung on her waist, and Kirito, who followed her to be certain, was a female player of tall stature.
Long, silver hair tied up in a ponytail- her appearance gave off the impression of intelligence, and her sky-blue eyes shone intensely with light on her sharp, well-featured face.
Hairstyle, hair color, and even the color of the eyes' pupils can be customized to one's will in SAO, but as what most of the system had to work with were Japanese, players that suit strong hues of color like this could be said to be fairly rare. Asuna too, had once tried dying her hair to cherry pink herself; it was an unmentionable past in which she returned it to brown in disappointment.
She was a beautiful person, and having gained a first impression that included some yearning for her adult-like image, Asuna dropped her gaze once more, towards the girl's equipment, and her body stiffened up on reflex.
Though it was hidden by an iron-grey cape on her body, she wore a dark green coat with leggings well-fitted on her thighs; the metal armor with a dull gleam was unmistakably the uniform of the «Army». On the right side of her waist was a shortsword, and a curled up whip hung on her left.
The children who had noticed the woman's appearance sank into silence all at once and stopped moving with their eyes dyed in vigilance. However, Sasha smiled towards the children and spoke as though she was easing their distrust.
"Everyone, it's fine, don't worry about this lady. Continue your meal."
The children threw a questionable glance, but with those words from Sasha, in whom they had placed their utmost trust, everyone released the tension in their shoulders feeling relieved, and the clamor immediately returned to the dining room. The female player who walked all the way to the circular table in the midst of all that took a chair offered by Sasha and sat down with a short bow.
Not understanding the situation, Asuna looked at Kirito questioningly, and he, who sat down in a chair, too, inclined his head to the side as he faced Asuna and spoke.
"Er, well, this person is Yulier-san. It seems that she has something to tell us."
The silver-haired whip-user who was introduced as Yulier looked straight at Asuna for a moment, before quickly bowing her head and opening her mouth.
"Good to meet you, I'm Yulier. I belong to the guild, ALF."
"ALF?"
Asuna asked in return at the name she had heard of for the first time, prompting Yulier to give a slight bow with her head.
"Ah, excuse me. That would be the abbreviation for the Aincrad Liberation Force. I don't quite like the official name, so..."
Her voice was that of a composed, elegant alto. Feelings of envy grew even larger within Asuna, who had always thought her own voice was childish, as she returned the greetings.
"Nice to meet you. I am the guild, Knights of the Blood's— ah, no, I'm currently retired for the time being, but you can call me Asuna. And this child is Yui."
Having emptied the serving of soup in the time passed and presently challenging the fruit juice, Yui suddenly raised her face, closely watching Yulier. She slightly inclined her head, but soon gave a sweet smile, retreating her gaze.
The moment the name of the Knights of the Blood reached Yulier's ears, she opened her sky-blue eyes wide.
"KoB... I see, in that case, it's no wonder those guys were easily dealt with."
Asuna, who figured "those guys" referred to the assault and extortion group from yesterday, heightened her wariness as she spoke.
"...In other words, you're here to question the incident from yesterday, is that it?"
"No, no, that's not it at all. It's the opposite; it's more like I wanted to express my thanks for doing a good job."
"..."
Facing towards Kirito and Asuna, who were silent as they tried to get ahold of the situation, Yulier straightened herself up.
"Today, I came here with a request for the two of you."
"A-A request...?"
Nodding as her hair of silver swayed, the swordswoman from the Army continued.
"Yes. Then I'll start my explanations from the very start. What is known as the Army, wasn't named as such since long ago... The reason why the ALF became the current name for the Army, is due to the fact that a former sub-leader, a man named, Kibaou, who is presently the influential head, took control over it. Initially, it had the guild name, MTD... Have you ever heard of it?
Asuna did not recall ever hearing of it, but Kirito gave an immediate reply.
"That's probably the abbreviation for «MMO Today». At the time SAO started, it was the biggest net-game information gathering site in Japan. The one who formed the guild should have been the administrator from there. If I'm not wrong, the name was..."
"Thinker."
At the moment the name was spoken, Yulier's face contorted slightly.
"He... was definitely not trying to make a self-righteous organization like how it is now. All he wanted was to equally share information and food resources among as many players as possible..."
Even Asuna knew all about the ideals and collapse of the «Army» during that time through hearsay. The ideal of hunting down monsters with many people, lowering the level of danger as much as they could, through which they were able to earn a steady income and spreading that out equally, was not flawed in itself. But the essence of MMORPGs was the scramble for resources by players for themselves, and that had not changed, even with the strange, not to mention, extreme conditions attached to a game such as SAO. No, actually, it could be said that those conditions reinforced that supposition instead.
Therefore, a pragmatic plan and strong leadership for the organization were crucial to realize those ideals, and to add onto that, the Army was much too big. Concealment of acquired items was rampant, coups and revolts happened one after another, and the leaders gradually lost their control over the guild.
"And the one who came to power then was the man named Kibaou."
Yulier spoke in an unpleasant tone.
"He supported the concept of individualism from Thinker, began strengthening the structure of the organization with players of the upper rank with similar views, and changed the name of the guild to Aincrad Liberation Force. In addition, he drove the hunting down of criminals and monopolization of fields with effective rates up, through the use of an official policy. He had at least considered friendships with other guilds by defending the etiquette on hunting areas until then, but after that, he kept up the monopolization for a long period of time through multiple displays of power, sharply increasing the guild's profits, and caused the supporters of Kibaou to end up gaining political power rapidly. Recently, Thinker has been increasingly resigned to the status of a mere figurehead... while the players from the Kibaou clique have been getting carried away, starting acts of extortion under the pretense of «tax collection», even within the boundaries of towns. Yesterday, the ones who caused all of you that distressing encounter were part of those guys from that faction."
Yulier took a breath of air, drank the tea Sasha had made, and continued.
"However, even the Kibaou clique has a weakness. That is, they're hooked on nothing but the accumulation of wealth, barely continuing with the completion of the game. The belief that they are mistaking the cause for the end is becoming popular among the tail end of the players... To restrain that dissatisfaction, Kibaou recently took a reckless gamble. Within his subordinates, he assembled a party of ten of the highest levelled players, sending them to finish off the foremost boss."
Asuna unintentionally exchanged glances with Kirito. The case of the player from the Army, Colbert, who challenged the floor boss of the seventy-fourth floor, «The Gleameyes», without even proper preparations and died a tragic death found a new detail to add on to her memory.
"Regardless of how high those levels may have been, from the very start, when compared to those from the clearing group, we cannot deny our lack of competence. ...In the end, the party was eliminated, and with the worst possible result of the death of the commanding officer. Kibaou was strongly blamed for that display of recklessness. We were only a short bit away from being able to exile him, but..."
Wrinkles creased on Yulier's high nose bridge, and she bit her lips.
"Three days ago, Kibaou, took drastic measures as he was hunted down, setting a trap for Thinker. He used a corridor crystal, set to deep within the dungeon, at the exit, and Thinker ended up getting expelled instead. At that time, Thinker went without his equipment, believing in Kibaou's words, 'Let's talk while unarmed,' in a status that guarantees that one would be unable to break through the mob of monsters from the deepest section of the dungeon and return by oneself. It seemed that he didn't even carry a teleport crystal with him..."
"Th-Three days have already passed...!? In that case, Thinker-san is...?"
Towards Asuna who replied with a question, Yulier gave a slight nod.
"His name on the «Monument of Life» is still unaltered, so it seems that he managed to make it all the way to the safe zone somehow. However, as the location is still the inner portion of a considerably high levelled dungeon, we appear to be unable to take any action... As you know, messages cannot be sent within dungeons, and the guild storage cannot be accessed from inside, so we can't just send a teleport crystal in either."
Since using a corridor crystal leading right into a destination of death is a basic technique known as, «Portal PK», Thinker should naturally know about it. However, he probably did not even consider that a sub-leader of the same guild would go to that extent, even with the bitterness between them. Or perhaps, he just did not want to believe it at all.
As though she had read Asuna's thoughts, Yulier muttered, "He's just too much of a good person," with a sigh, and continued.
"...The only ones able to manipulate the proof of a guild leader, the «Scroll of Contracts», are Thinker and Kibaou, and at this rate, with Thinker not returning, the guild's personnel management and such, even the finances; it will all be left under Kibaou's control. The responsibility for not preventing Thinker from falling into the trap lies with his assistant, which would be me, and I have no choice but to go and rescue him. But I have no chance of breaking through the dungeon he is confined in with my level; neither can I call for support from the players of the «Army»."
She bit her lips tightly, before looking straight at Kirito, then Asuna.
"And at that time, I caught wind of news that an amazingly powerful pair appeared within the city, hence it is with the intention to ask for help, that I came here, as I could not just ignore the situation and do nothing. Kirito-san— Asuna-san."
Yulier bowed deeply, and spoke.
"I believe this to be extremely impudent of me to ask of this when we've just met, but please, won't you aid me in rescuing Thinker?"
Asuna stared intently at Yulier, who had ended her long story and closed her mouth.
It may be depressing to say so, but within SAO, the words of others cannot be trusted so easily. Even for a matter like this, the possibility of it being a conspiracy to lure Kirito and Asuna outside the range of the town, so as to inflict harm onto them, cannot be abandoned just yet. Normally, as long as there is sufficient knowledge about the game, one would be able to find the holes in the stories of possible liars, but unfortunately, Asuna and company are much too ignorant about the true state of affairs concerning the «Army».
Exchanging a glance with Kirito, Asuna opened her mouth to speak with care.
"—If there's something we can do, we should offer our strength— that is what I believe. But for that to happen, we would first have to do some research at least, so as to confirm your story..."
"That is— as expected, I suppose..."
Yulier gave a slight nod.
"I even realize, that this is an unreasonable request... However, it would not be unthought-of for a horizontal line to be engraved into Thinker's name on the «Monument of Life» of the Black Iron Castle any moment now..."
The silver-haired whip-user's firm eyes appeared to cloud over, swaying Asuna's feelings. She keenly felt her desire to believe. But at the same time, the experience she had gathered over these two years in this world warned her, setting off alarm bells about the danger of letting her emotions loose.
Taking a look at Kirito, he too, seemed to be lost in his thoughts once again. Those black eyes intently looking this way reflected the wavering of his heart, between the desire to help out Yulier and the concern for Asuna's health.
—It happened then. Yui, who had been silent up till then, abruptly raised her face from her cup and spoke.
"It's fine, Mama. That person, she's not lying."
Asuna was taken aback and stared hard at Yui. Putting aside the contents of her speech, it was excellent Japanese, as if the way she had faltered with her words up until yesterday was a lie.
"Yu... Yui-chan, are you able to understand something like that...?"
Having been asked the question as Asuna looked into her face, Yui gave a nod.
"Un. I can't... really put it into words, but I get it..."
Having heard those words, Kirito reached out with his right hand, ruffling Yui's head. He looked at Asuna and grinned.
"Let's just regret believing in her, instead of regret suspecting her. Let's go. We'll handle it somehow."
"You're as carefree as ever, huh."
Shaking her head as she replied, Asuna too, reached out towards Yui's hair with her hand.
"Sorry about that, Yui-chan. We will be delayed in searching for your friends for a day, but do forgive us."
She whispered in a small voice, although she was unsure if she really understood it. Yui gave a huge smile and nodded. Stroking her glossy black hair once again, Asuna turned towards Yulier and spoke, smiling.
"...We might not be of much help, but do allow us to aid you. The desire to help someone important to you; I too, understand that feeling..."
As tears welled up in Yulier's sky-blue eyes, she took a deep bow.
"Thank you... Thank you so much..."
"Let's save that for after we rescue Thinker-san."
Asuna gave yet another smile, and Sasha, who was looking over the situation in silence thus far, clapped her hands together.
"In that case, be sure to get your fill! There's still more left, so do have some too, Yulier-san."

The feeble sunlight of the early winter leaked through the treetops of the roadside trees turning a deep crimson, casting shadows upon the stone paving. Barely anyone passed through the alleys of the Starting City, and coupled with the streets that stretched out forever, the somber impression it gave off could not be denied.
Asuna, properly armed with her equipment, hastened through the roads along with Kirito, carrying Yui, under Yulier's guidance.
Asuna naturally tried to leave Yui behind in Sasha's care, but as Yui stubbornly insisted on going together, she ended up reluctantly bringing her along. Of course, a teleport crystal was prepared for her in her pocket. If the situation called for it—though it would trouble Sasha—it was arranged to allow her to retreat away from there.
"Ah, now that I think about it, you didn't mention something important yet."
Kirito called out to Yulier, who was walking in front.
"Which floor is the dungeon in question on?"
Yulier gave a simple answer.
"It's, here."
"...?"
Asuna instinctively inclined her head to the side.
"Here... eh?"
"It's, well, this Starting City's... there's a large dungeon in the underground at the central part of it. Thinker is... probably, in the deepest part of..."
"Seriously?"
Kirito spoke as though he was groaning.
"There wasn't anything like that during the beta test. What a miss..."
"The entrance to that dungeon, is at the Black Iron Castle— in other words, it's at the Army's headquarters. It does appear that it's the type of dungeon that opens up with the clearing of the upper floors, and it was only found out around the time Kibaou came to power, with them planning to monopolize it for their own clique. It was kept a secret for quite some time, from even Thinker, and of course, myself as well..."
"So that's it. There are quite a lot of rare items that pop up only once in unexplored dungeons, after all. They must have made quite a profit from it."
"Well, that's not quite true."
Yulier's tone of voice was dyed with slight traces of pleasure.
"Despite it being on the base floor, the degree of difficulty for that dungeon was dreadfully high... Even among the base monsters there, their levels are close to those around the sixtieth floor. It seems like even the advance party led by Kibaou himself got broken up and chased around, barely escaping with their lives by teleporting out. Thanks to those recklessly used crystals, we went deep in the red and all."
"Hahaha, I see."
Yulier responded to Kirito's laugh with a smile, but soon sank into gloom.
"However, right now, that's the reason why saving Thinker is difficult. The corridor crystal that Kibaou used was made by marking a spot rather deep inside that he got through to as he ran here and there away from the monsters... Thinker is probably at the tip of that marked spot. It's not quite impossible for me to handle the monsters there if it's one-on-one, but consecutive battles would be totally hopeless. —I apologize, but the two of you will..."
"Ah, well, if it's around the sixtieth floor..."
"We should be able to handle it somehow."
Following up on Kirito's statement, Asuna nodded. For the dungeon on the sixtieth floor, a level of 70 was needed to amply clear it, but Asuna had currently reached level 87, while Kirito had easily exceeded 90. With that, it should be possible to break through the dungeon even while protecting Yui, and she released the tension in her shoulders with relief. However, Yulier continued her speech without changing her anxious-looking expression.
"...Also, there's another matter of concern. It's information gotten from the players who participated in the advance party, but deep in the dungeon... a humongous monster was sighted; something at the rank of a boss..."
"..."
Asuna exchanged glances with Kirito.
"The boss might be that one from around the sixtieth floor... How was the boss from there again?"
"Eh, well, I believe... it was something like an armored warrior formed from stone."
"Ah, that one, huh. ...It wasn't too hard, if I'm not wrong..."
Facing towards Yulier, she gave another nod.
"Well, as for that, we should probably be able to handle it as well."
"In that case, I'm relieved!"
Yulier finally slackened her jaws and continued her words while squinting, as though she was looking at something dazzling.
"That's right... The both of you have always experienced boss battles... I'm sorry, to take up your precious time..."
"No, we're on break right now, after all."
Asuna flustered, waving her hands.
As they exchanged those conversations, the form of a huge building, shining with a black luster, began to appear in the streets beyond them. It was the largest establishment of the Starting City, the «Black Iron Castle». In the hall right after entering through the main gate, the «Monument of Life», with the names of every player listed on it, was erected, and although anyone could enter up till that point, most of the deeper grounds inside were completely under the control of the Army.
Yulier did not head for the main entrance to the castle, moving around to the back. The high castle walls and the deep moat encircling it, denying intruders, continued on forever. There was absolutely no human traffic.
After walking on for several minutes, the place where Yulier came to a stop was a stairway that descended from the road, down towards somewhere close to the water's surface of the moat. Peering in, there was a dark passage wide open on the right side at the tip of the stairs.
"We will enter the castle's sewers from here and head for the entrance to the dungeon. It might be a little dark and narrow though..."
Yulier cut off her words there, glancing at Yui, within Kirito's arms, with concern. With that, Yui scowled as though she was upset,
"Yui isn't scared!"
and insisted so. A smile unintentionally leaked from Asuna, as she looked at the situation.
To Yulier, Yui was explained with nothing more than a, "We're living together." She did not try to pry into anything beyond that, but she probably had reservations about bringing her along to the dungeon, as expected.
Asuna spoke as to alleviate her worries.
"It's alright; this child is much more alert than she appears, after all."
"Yep. She will definitely become a fine swordswoman in the future."
With Kirito's remark, Asuna exchanged glances with him and smiled, and Yulier gave a deep nod.
"Well then, let's go!"

"Nuooooo"
And the sword gripped by the right hand cut through the monster with a slash,
"Ryaaaaaaa"
And the sword gripped by the left hand blew it away with a bang.
Equipping two swords for the first time in a while, Kirito released all the energy saved up from his holiday, laying waste to the swarms of enemies without pause, one after another. Asuna, holding Yui's hand, and Yulier, gripping her metal whip, had no chance to do anything at all. Each time the groups of enemies, comprising of huge frog-type monsters covered in slime, crayfish-type monsters carrying pincers of a black sheen, and such appeared, what assaulted them with reckless fury were the swords from the left and right, tearing through everything surrounding them, finishing the enemies off.
Asuna's mind went, "Oh, geez," but Yulier gazed upon Kirito's berserker-style with wonder, her mouth agape. It was probably a spectacle much too different from her knowledge of combat. With Yui cheering on with an innocent "Papa, do your best," the tension in the air evaporated even further.
Dozens of minutes had passed since heading from the dark and moist underground water supply, until invading this dungeon made from black stones. It was more wide, deep and filled with monsters than expected, but with Kirito breaking the game balance, swinging around his pair of swords with vigor, the two swordswomen suffered from nearly zero fatigue.
"We... Well, I'm a little sorry about this, leaving it all to you..."
Towards the apologetic-looking Yulier, with her head bowed down, Asuna replied with a wry smile.
"No, that guy's already enthralled, after all... It's fine just letting him do everything."
"Hey, what's with that, that's horrible."
Kirito, back from devastating the group, sulked as Asuna's words reached his ears.
"Want to switch, then?"
"...Ju-just a bit more."
Asuna and Yulier smiled as they met each other's glances.
After the silver-haired whip user waved her left hand, displaying the map, she pointed out the glowing point that represented a friend marker, showing Thinker's present position. As she did not have the map to the dungeon, the path towards the glowing point was blank, but they had already shortened seventy percent of the total distance.
"Thinker's position hadn't moved for several days. I believe that he should probably be in a safe area. If we're able to reach all the way there, we can just use crystals to withdraw, so... I'm sorry, I'll be counting on you for just a little longer."
Yulier lowered her head, and Kirito frantically waved his hands.
"N-No, we're doing it because we want to, and there are items dropping as well, so..."
"Oh?"
Asuna asked in return by reflex.
"Did something good drop?"
"Yup."
Kirito nimbly manipulated the window, and a dark red meat appeared from its surface with a clacking sound. Asuna's face froze, thinking about how grotesque it must feel.
"Wha... Just what is that?"
"Frog meat! You'll definitely say that its tastiness is comparable to its strangeness, so be sure to cook it later."
"I. Won't. Do it!!"
Asuna shouted out, and opened up her window as well. Accessing the inventory shared with Kirito, she dragged the character string going, «Scavenger Meat x24», and mercilessly tossed it onto the trash bin mark.
"Ah! Aaaaaa..."
Looking upon the utterly dejected-looking Kirito speaking in a bitter tone, Yulier could not help but laugh, holding onto her stomach, even as she tried to stifle it. At that moment,
"Big sis, you finally laughed!"
Yui cried out delightedly. She too, grinned broadly.
Looking at that, it took Asuna aback— recalling what had happened back then. The day before, the time Yui went into spasms was also right after the children had all laughed together, having repelled those guys from the Army. It seemed that the girl had a unique sensitivity towards the smiles of people around her. Whether that was the personality she was born with, or perhaps due to all the painful feelings she had suffered until now— Asuna instinctively held up Yui in her arms, hugging her closely. She swore in her heart, that she would always smile when beside this child.
"Well, let's go on!"
To Asuna's voice, the party stepped forth, heading ever further into the depths.
The groups of monsters mainly made up of aquatic-based creatures from the time they entered the dungeon changed into those from the specter family, such as zombies and ghosts, as they descended the stairs, sending intense chills down Asuna's heart, but Kirito's pair of swords continued slaughtering the appearing enemies in mere instants, not showing the slightest hint of hesitation.
Normally, it is not quite well-regarded for a high levelled player to go wild in a hunting field far below theirs, but there was no need to mind about that this time, as there wasn't even anyone else there. If there was time available, it would be a chance to work towards levelling up Yulier, who was content being the support, but rescuing Thinker took precedence at present.
In the two hours that passed in the blink of an eye, the distance between the current position displayed on the map, and where Thinker's location was, thought to be the safe zone, steadily narrowed down.
It was completely unknown just how many had already been downed, as Kirito's swords blew that particular black skeleton swordsman into pieces, and they finally caught sight of a passage glimmering with warm light just beyond there.
"Ah, it's the safe zone!"
As Asuna spoke, Kirito nodded as well, having confirmed with his detection skill.
"There's a player alone inside. It's safe."
"Thinker!"
Yulier shouted out and ran with her metal armor clinking, unable to hold herself back any longer. Kirito lowered his two swords and hurried behind her, along with Asuna holding onto Yui.
They ran towards the light. As they went through the road that bent to the right for several seconds, a large fork in the road, and beyond that, a small room, soon came into view.
To their eyes, accustomed to the darkness, the room was filled with light bright enough to blind them, and a single man stood in the entranceway. His face was shaded due to the backlight, but he was wildly waving his arms in their direction.
"Yurieeel!!"
The moment he confirmed the figures, the man roared out her name. Yulier waved her left hand as well, running ever quicker.
"Thinkerrr!!"
As if his voice was mixed with tears, the man's cry—
"Don't come any closeeer!! That road is...!!"
On hearing that, Asuna slowed down her pace, startled. But it did not seem to have reached Yulier's ears. She was rushing straight towards the room.
In that moment.
Several meters before the room, in the blind spot on the right side, on the path intersecting the road that the three were running through, an unexpected single yellow cursor appeared. Asuna promptly checked the name. The display was «The Fatal-scythe»—
With the meaning of a scythe that decides fate, it had the defining "The" attached to it. The proof of a boss monster.
"Nooo!! Yulier-san, get back!!"
Asuna screamed. The yellow cursor smoothly moved towards the left, closing in towards the intersection of the crossroads. At this rate, Yulier would run into it at the crossing. There was barely any time left.
"Ku-!!"
Suddenly, Kirito who had been running on Asuna's left seemed to— have vanished. In reality, he had dashed off at a tremendous speed. The surrounding walls quivered with the sound of that impact.
He travelled several meters with a force at the level of teleportation, and as Kirito held onto Yulier from behind her with his right hand, he thrust the sword in his left into the bedrock with all his might. A tremendous metallic sound. Countless sparks. Performing an urgent brake that was able to burn the very air, in the space in front of the pair that barely managed to stop before the crossroads, the ground roared as it tremored, as a gigantic black shadow crossed.
The yellow cursor that lunged into the passage on the left stopped after roughly ten meters. The monster of unknown stature coolly changed its direction and appeared to charge in once again.
Kirito released Yulier, and withdrawing the sword he pierced into the floor, he jumped into the left passage. Asuna followed behind frantically.
Shaking Yulier, who had fallen due to shock, back to her senses, she pushed her towards the opposite side of the crossing. Letting Yui down from her arms and entrusting her with Yulier, Asuna left a short call.
"Please retreat into the safe zone with this child!"
The whip-user nodded with her face white, and having confirmed that she carried Yui towards the room, Asuna drew her rapier as she turned to the left.
The sight of Kirito's back, staying still in his dual blades stance, entered her vision. What laid further in— was a being of two and a half meters, a humanoid silhouette clad in flapping black robes.
Within the hood, the arms peeking out from the cuffs, were dark, corporeal and wriggling as they coiled about. Inside its murky face, all that occupied it was a pair of energetic eyeballs, their blood vessels visible, looking down at the couple. It wielded a huge black scythe in its right hand. From the edge of that cruel curve, viscid red blots trickled down, drop by drop. As a whole, it had a figure just like that of the supposed god of death.
The death god's eyeballs swirled around, and looked straight at Asuna. At that moment, chills ran through her entire body, as though her heart was gripped by pure fear.
But its level should not be too much to deal with.
With that thought in her head, the moment she readied her rapier once again, Kirito spoke coarsely, standing in front of her.
"Asuna, get those three at the safe zone and escape with a crystal now."
"Eh...?"
"This guy's bad. Even my identification skill couldn't find any data on it. In terms of power, it probably ranks among the ninetieth floors."
"...?"
Asuna lost her breath and stiffened up as well. Even in those moments, the death god gradually moved through the air, closing in on the pair.
"I'll stall for some time, so hurry up and get out of here!!"
"Ki-Kirito too, we should both..."
"I'll go after you! Hurry...!!"
Even though the teleport crystal is a last resort measure for retreating, it is not an all-powerful tool. Between gripping the crystal, designating the destination, and actually completing the teleportation, there is a time lag of several seconds. If one were to receive an attack from a monster in that period of time, the teleportation will be cancelled. When the chain of command breaks down in parties, with people retreating purely to suit their own convenience popping up, the reason why the rest become casualties, unable to even stall for enough time to teleport, is due to this.
Asuna was at a loss. Even if the four of them teleported first, with Kirito's running ability, he might be able to outrun the boss to reach the safe zone. However, the charging speed shown by the boss earlier was truly terrifying. If perhaps— she were to escape first, and after that, he doesn't appear. That was a thought she could not bear.
Asuna took a glance at the depths of the road on the right.
—Sorry, Yui-chan. Even though I said that we'll be together...
Whispering so within her heart, she shouted out.
"Yulier-san, I'll leave Yui to you! Please escape together, you three!"
Yulier shook her head, her expression frozen.
"I won't allow it... something like that..."
"Hurry!!"
It was then. The death god, swaying its wielded scythe, started charging with startling vigor, miasma spreading from the hem of its robes.
Kirito crossed the swords in his hands, taking up an imposing stance before Asuna. Asuna frantically clung onto that back, meeting Kirito's two swords with the one in her right hand. The death god, without a care for the three swords, swung the scythe down, aiming above the couple's heads.
A red flash. An impact.
Asuna felt herself spinning round and round. First, she was thrown to the ground, then she crashed into the ceiling on the rebound, before falling back down to the ground once again. Her breathing stopped, and her field of vision began to darken.
Her consciousness hazy, she checked Kirito's and her own HP bars, both of them had half shaved away from that single hit. The merciless yellow indicator conveyed the inability to survive the next attack. She had to get back up. That was what she thought, but her body couldn't move—
—And, at that moment.
Short step after short step, she heard those soft footsteps close to her ears. Shifting her sight, bewildered, childlike steps, like those of a kitten, advancing forward without a care for the impending danger entered her vision.
Slender hands and feet. Long, black hair. It was Yui, who should have been in the safe zone. Possessing a gaze without the slightest trace of fear, she stared straight at the gigantic god of death.
"Idiot!! Hurry up, get away!!"
Frantically struggling to move his upper body, Kirito cried out. The death god held its scythe aloft with deliberate motions once more. If she was dragged into an attack of that range, Yui's HP would certainly be blown away. Asuna too, tried to move her mouth. But with her lips stiffened up, she was unable to utter a single word.
But in the next moment, something unbelievable happened.
"It's alright, Papa, Mama."
Along with those words, Yui's body gently floated into the air.
It was not a jump. Moving as though she flapped invisible wings, she came to a complete stop at a height of two meters. She softly hung her far too small right hand in the air.
"Nooo...! Get away!! Get away, Yui-chan!!"
As if to erase Asuna's screams, the death god's scythe was relentlessly swung down, drawing a line of dark-red light. The atrocious pointed edge came within reach of Yui's pure white palm—
Right before it came into contact with her, it was hindered by a vivid purple barrier, and repulsed with a large noise. The system tag that floated before Yui's palm caused Asuna to stare in astonishment.
[Immortal Object], that was surely what was written there. Immortality— an attribute that no player should possess.
The black death god spun its eyeballs about, as though it was bewildered. Immediately following that, a phenomenon to further surprise Asuna happened.
"Gouu!!," along with this sound, crimson flames came forth, coiling around, with Yui's right hand as their core. The flames scattered widely for an instant, before immediately condensing, and started to join together into a long and narrow form. As one looked on, the figure changed towards that of a huge sword. A blade, sparkling in the shades of the blaze, emerged from within the flames, extending out endlessly.
The greatsword that appeared in Yui's right hand was of a length that easily exceeded the girl's height. Radiance from the metal that seemed to be on the verge of melting illuminated the pathway. As though rousing the flames of the sword, the bulky winter clothes worn on Yui's form burnt down in an instant. From beneath that, the white one-piece dress the girl had on at first appeared. Strangely enough, even as the flames winded around the one-piece dress, as well as that long, black hair, there seemed to be absolutely no effect on them.
She casually spun the sword that exceeded her height around, once—
Without showing a hint of hesitation, Yui challenged the death god as she drew strokes of flames.
Despite its actions being governed by nothing more than simple algorithms from the system, within the boss monster's bloodshot eyes, Asuna believed she saw them dyed in a distinct color of fear.
Draped in the swirls of flames, Yui charged through the air with a deafening roar. The death god raised the scythe before itself and assumed a defensive stance, as though it was afraid of the girl, far smaller than itself. And approaching forth, Yui swung the huge, blazing sword straight down with all her might.


The blade, exuding intense flames, collided into the horizontal scythe's handle. For an instant, the pair's movements ceased.
Without even a moment to think, Yui's flaming sword moved once more. Like the metal was ablaze with withering amounts of heat, the radiant blade ate into the scythe's grip bit by bit. With enough force to tear apart everything but Yui's long hair and one-piece dress, as well as the death god's robes, it flickered behind them, scattering large sparks at times, lighting up the interior of the dungeon, dyeing the area orange.
Before long—
Along with an explosive sound, "Gou," the death god's scythe was finally cut in half. Immediately following that, as the energy accumulated thus far was unleashed, the greatsword turned into a pillar of flame, striking straight into the middle of the boss's face.
"—h...!!"
Asuna and Kirito squinted their eyes and shielded their face on reflex, reacting to the excessively strong force from a scorching ball of fire that appeared in that moment. At the same time Yui swung the sword straight down, the fireball blew up, swallowing up the death god's form in crimson swirls as it streamed deeper into the passage. Hidden within that thunderous roar, a faint shriek of death and agony echoed.
When they opened their eyes, they immediately closed them for an instant due to how dazzling the flames were. The figure of the boss monster was no more. Small fires swayed about, left behind here and there on the road, making cracking noises. And in the center of it all, Yui stood still by herself, looking downcast. The blazing sword which stood in the ground, dissolved and crumbled down into nothing as it exuded flames just like the time it materialized.
Asuna rose up, finally having regained the strength in her body, slowly standing up by using her rapier as a support. Kirito too, stood up shortly after. The couple approached the girl with unsteady steps.
"Yui... chan..."
Asuna called out with a coarse voice, and the girl turned back without a sound. Her small lips showed a smile, but in those large jet black eyes, many tears were swelling up.
Yui looked up at Asuna and Kirito as she quietly spoke.
"Papa... Mama... I, remember everything now..."

The safe zone of the deepest part of the Black Iron Castle's underground labyrinth was shaped as a perfect square. There was only a single entrance, and in the middle of it, a smooth, gleaming, black stone cube acting as a table was positioned.
Asuna and Kirito looked on at Yui, sitting on the stone table, looking small and quiet, in silence. Yulier and Thinker were asked to escape first, so the three were by themselves now.
"My memory recovered"; with just those words, Yui went through several minutes without speaking at all. That expression seemed sorrowful somehow, as though she was hesitant to speak, but Asuna gathered her resolve and asked.
"Yui-chan... Did you remember...? Everything up till now..."
Yui still continued looking downcast, but finally gave a nod. With an expression like a mix between smiling and crying, she raised her small lips.
"Yes... I will, explain everything— Kirito-san, Asuna-san."
The moment she heard that polite form of speaking, Asuna's chest tightened with desolate expectations. A suffocating belief that something would be ending.
Within the square room, Yui's words gently started flowing forth.
"This world named, «Sword Art Online», is managed by a single large system. The system's name is «Cardinal». That is, the way this world is managed is based on its judgment. In the first place, Cardinal was designed to not require maintenance from humans. With two core programs doing mutual error correction on the other, and in addition, countless numbers of lower program bundles, they regulate the whole of this world... The AI for monsters and NPCs, the balancing of the rates of items and the currency, anything and everything is managed by the cluster of programs under the command of Cardinal. —However, there was one thing that could be entrusted to nothing but humans. Trouble originating in the players' mental state; that was the only thing that could be settled by none other than humans themselves... and for that purpose, dozens of staff members should have been prepared."
"GM..."
Kirito spoke with a sigh.
"Yui, in short, are you saying that you're a gamemaster...? A staff from Argus...?"
After spending several seconds in silence, Yui softly shook her head.
"...When the developers of Cardinal entrusted even the care of players to the system, they ran a trial of a certain program. Using a feature unique to the Nerve Gear, it monitored the emotions of players in detail, and appeared at the side of players found to have problems to hear them out... «Mental Health — Counselling Program», MHCP version 1, codename, «Yui». That would be me."
Asuna's breath was taken away with how much of a shock it was. She was unable to apprehend just what had been said right away.
"Program...? Do you mean an AI...?"
She asked in a low voice. Yui gave a nod, a dejected smile on her face.
"So as to not discomfort players, I was given an emotion imitation function. —It's fake, all of it... even these tears... I'm sorry, Asuna-san..."
Large tears spilled from Yui's eyes, becoming particles of light, and dissipated. Asuna took a single, soft step towards Yui. She reached out her hand, but Yui faintly shook her head. As if— she was unqualified to receive Asuna's embrace.
Still incapable of believing the situation, Asuna forced out her words.
"But... But, losing your memories...? Can something like that happen to an AI...?"
"...Two years ago... The day the official service started..."
Yui lowered her eyes, and continued her explanation.
"Although I am unaware of the complete details of what exactly happened as well, Cardinal handed down an unplanned order to me. A complete prohibition from interfering with all players... Unpermitted to come into any tangible contact with them, I reluctantly continued with nothing but the monitoring of the condition of the players' mental health."
Asuna reacted reflexively; she guessed that «unplanned order» was due to the manipulation done by the only GM of SAO, Kayaba Akihiko. Yui, who was probably in the dark about him, moved her lips once more, her face distorted in sorrow.
"That situation— was simply the worst... Practically all of the players were taken over by negative emotions such as fear, despair and rage most of the time; at times, there were even some that fell into madness. I continued looking into the hearts of those people. Originally, I would not have been able to stop myself from going straight up to those players, listening to their stories and settling their problems... but there was no means of coming into contact with them from my position... With that contradiction of having the sense of duty, yet the lack of authority to do so, I was gradually flooded with errors, and broke down..."
At the bottom of the silent underground labyrinth, Yui's delicate voice rippled out, like a trembling thread of silver. Asuna and Kirito could not help but listen attentively without uttering a single word.
"One day, when I did my usual monitoring, I noticed a pair with mental parameters that differed largely from those of other players. I had never encountered those brain patterns that I picked up until then. Joy... peace... but not just those... Just what are these emotions; thinking that, I continued to monitor those two. Mysterious desires sprouted within me, as I pried into their conversations and actions. No such routine should have existed, but... I wanted to get closer to those two... in an intimate setting, I wanted to converse with them directly... With the wish to be nearer, even the slightest bit more, I wandered about daily, manifesting at the system console closest to the player home that the couple lived in. I believe I must have been considerably broken down at that point in time..."
"And that is, the forest of the twenty-second floor...?"
Yui gently nodded.
"Yes. Kirito-san, Asuna-san... I had always wanted... to meet with the two of you... In that forest, the moment I saw the two of you... I felt extremely happy... It was strange; it's not possible that I could think of something like that... I am nothing but a mere program..."
Overflowing with tears, Yui closed her mouth. Asuna was stricken with indescribable feelings, grasping her hands tightly before her chest.
"Yui-chan... you are a true AI, aren't you? So you possess actual intelligence, don't you...
As she said so in a whisper, Yui inclined her head slightly and replied.
"I.. don't understand... Just exactly, what had happened to me..."
At that moment, Kirito, who had kept his silence till then, took a step forward.
"Yui is no longer a program operated by the system. Therefore, you should be able to voice out your own wishes."
And he spoke in a soft tone.
"What do you wish for, Yui?"
"I... I want..."
Yui stretched out her slender arms towards the couple strongly.
"To always be together... Papa... Mama...!"
Without even wiping away the tears flowing over her face, Asuna rushed over to Yui, tightly holding onto her small frame.
"We will always be together, Yui-chan."
Shortly after, Kirito too, wrapped his arms around Yui and Asuna.
"Aah... Yui is our child. Let's go home. We'll all live together... forever..."
However— within Asuna's breast, Yui softly shook her head.
"Eh..."
"It's... too late..."
Kirito asked, bewildered.
"Why's that... what's too late..."
"The reason why I have regained my memories... is because I've touched that stone."
Yui looked towards the center of the room, pointing at the black cube stored there with her small hand.
"When Asuna-san pushed me away into this safe zone earlier, I touched that stone by coincidence, and understood. That is not just a decorative object... It's a console installed there in the case that a GM requires urgent access."
As though there was an order of some sort within Yui's words, several lines of light burst towards the black stone. Immediately, with a fading beeping sound, a pale blue holo-keyboard rose to its surface.
"I believe that the boss monster from earlier was stationed here to keep players away. I accessed the system using this console, and eliminated the monster with the «Object Eraser» summon. At that time, with Cardinal's error correction ability, my damaged language faculty was restored, but... at the same time, Cardinal also found out about me, who was left alone until then. Right now, the core system is scanning over my program. It will conclude with the answer that I am a foreign entity, and I'll most likely be erased. I already... do not have much time left..."
"That... That is..."
"Can't something be done about it? If we get away from this place..."
Yui merely gave a wry smile towards the pair's words. Tears flowed down Yui's white cheeks once again.
"Papa, Mama, thank you. This would be our farewell."
"No way! I don't want something like that!!"
Asuna desperately screamed.
"This is just the beginning!! From now on, happily, together with everyone... living peacefully with each other..."
"In that darkness... During that long suffering where I did not even know the end of, the existence of Papa and Mama was my only solace."
Yui looked straight at Asuna. Faint light began enveloping that body.
"Yui, don't go!!"
Kirito held on to Yui's hand. Yui's small fingers gently caught hold of Kirito's.
"When I'm with Papa and Mama, everyone is able to smile... I was very happy for that. This is my request; that from now on too... in my place... help everyone out... give them joy..."
Yui's black hair and one-piece dress began disintegrating away into transient dispersing particles of light, much like morning dew. Yui's smiling face slowly became transparent. Her presence faded away.
"No! I don't want this!! If Yui-chan isn't here, I won't be able to smile!!"
Covered in the expanding light, Yui smiled sweetly. She caressed Asuna's cheek with her hand, on the verge of disappearing.
—Mama, do smile...
As a weak voice reverberated in Asuna's mind, an overwhelming dazzling light scattered out; as that too faded, there was nothing within Asuna's arms.
"Uwaaaaaa!!"
Raising her voice uncontrollably, Asuna fell to her knees. Kneeling atop the stone paving, she cried loudly like a child. The tears spilled onto the ground, drop after drop, mixed together with the grains of light left behind by Yui, vanishing away.

Part 4
As if the chill till yesterday was a lie, a warm, gentle breeze blew over the lawn. Perhaps attracted by the merrymaking, several small birds descended onto a branch of the garden tree, appearing to look over the humans with great interest.
A garden party was hosted without care for the season at the vast front yard of Sasha's church, with the big table from the dining hall moved and set there. Food was taken out from a large grill like magic, raising a grand roar of joy from the children.
"To think that something this delicious... was actually in this world..."
The chief executive of the «Army» who was rescued just the previous night, Thinker, bit into the barbecue that Asuna had exhibited her talents in, as he spoke with awe. Beside him, Yulier looked over the situation with a smile. She had the presence of a cool-headed female warrior on first impression, but when she was beside Thinker, she resembled nothing more than a cheerful young wife.
And as for Thinker, although there wasn't much time to get a good look at him yesterday, when sitting at the same table like this instead, he had a character that gave off an aura of gentleness, very much unlike what the top of a huge organization would be thought to be.
With a stature of a degree slightly taller than Asuna, he was evidently shorter than Yulier. His somewhat stocky body was clad in plain clothes, and he did not have a single weapon on hand. Beside him, Yulier too, was not in her Army uniform style today.
Thinker accepted the wine bottle Kirito offered into his glass, and apparently not for the first time, he gave a firm bow.
"Asuna-san, Kirito-san. We are truly obliged to you this time. Just how can I thank you..."
"No, I'm quite indebted to «MMO Today» on the other side, after all."
Kirito answered as he smiled.
"That's a nostalgic name."
A broad smile showed on Thinker's round face upon hearing that.
"At that time, with the burden that updating daily was, I thought that I shouldn't even bother doing a news site, but when compared to being a guild leader, it certainly was slightly easier. I would have been better off running a newspaper stand here too, huh."
Gentle laughter streamed out from the table.
"And well... how did things go with the «Army»...?"
Asuna enquired, and Thinker changed his expression.
"Kibaou and his followers were expelled. I really should have done that much earlier... With my personality of being bad at arguments, the situation kept getting worse... —I even thought about disbanding the Army."
Asuna and Kirito rapidly opened their eyes in surprise.
"You... must have pondered over that for quite a bit."
"The Army had become too huge... I'll be breaking down the guild and from that, creating a more peaceful organization for mutual aid once again. Breaking it down and abandoning all of it is just irresponsible after all."
Yulier softly held Thinker's hand and continued in his stead.
"—We believe we will be distributing the assets that the Army had accumulated thus far to not just the members, but equally among all of the inhabitants of this city as well. We've caused such trouble up till now after all... Sasha-san, we're really sorry."
Yulier and Thinker suddenly gave a deep bow, causing Sasha's eyes to blink with surprise within her glasses. She frantically waved her hands in front of her face.
"No, that's too much. The children have received help from the good folk from the Army in the field too, after all."
With Sasha's candid denial, the place was filled with gentle laughter once more.
"Well, putting that aside..."
Tilting her head, Yulier spoke.
"The girl from yesterday, Yui-chan... how has she been...?"
Asuna met glances with Kirito, and replied with a smile.
"Yui has... returned to her home..."
She softly moved the finger on her right hand to her breast. There, a thin necklace, which had not been there till yesterday, gleamed. At the tip of the exquisite silver chains, a pendant, of silver as well, hung down, with a large clear gem shining within it. Brushing the teardrop-shaped jewel gently, a slight warmth seemed to have spread to her fingertips.

At that time—
After Yui was covered in light and vanished, beside Asuna, her tears falling endlessly as she knelt on the stone paving, Kirito gave a sudden shout.
"Cardinal!!"
Raising his moist face, Kirito gazed at the ceiling of the room and screamed.
"Don't you dare think that it'll always... go as you like!!"
Firmly pulling himself together, he abruptly jumped at the black console in the middle of the room. He dexterously struck at the holo-keyboard still displayed. Her surprise pushing away her sorrow for just an instant, Asuna cried out as she looked on in wonder.
"Ki-Kirito-kun... What are...!?"
"If it's still... If it's still now, I might be able to intrude into the system with a GM account..."
Before Kirito's eyes, continuing to hit the keys as he muttered, a huge window appearance with a beep, and the radiance from the strings of characters rapidly scrolling past illuminated the room. While Asuna watched over him dumbfounded, Kirito entered in several more commands in succession. A small progress bar window appeared, and at the moment the horizontal bar reached all the way to the right end—
The whole of the console made from the black rock suddenly flashed bluish-white, and immediately following that, Kirito was sent flying with an explosive sound.
"Ki-Kirito-kun!!"
Panicking, she inched up to him, fallen onto the floor.
Shaking his head as he pulled his upper body up, Kirito gave a thin smile within his haggard expression; he faced towards Asuna and extended his closed right hand. Not understanding what was going on, Asuna followed suit, holding out her hand.
What had fallen from Kirito's hand into Asuna's was a large crystal made in the shape of a tear. In the middle of the elaborately faceted stone, thump, thump, a white light was blinking.
"Th-This is...?"
"...Before the root authorization activated by Yui was cut off, I desperately tried to disconnect Yui's program source from the system, and converted it into an object... Within that, Yui's heart is there..."
After having said just that, Kirito tumbled onto the ground, as though he ran out of energy, and closed his eyes.
"Yui-chan... you're... in there, huh... My... Yui-chan..."
Once again, her tears poured out endlessly. Within that blurred light, as if to answer Asuna, from the center of the crystal, it twinkled with a single strong thump.

They reluctantly waved towards Sasha, Yulier, Thinker, and the children, and the cool wind, infused with the scent of the forest, greeted Asuna and Kirito as they returned to the twenty-second floor from the teleport gate. Though it was a mere three day trip, it felt much longer than that, and Asuna took a deep breath of air.
What a vast world—
Asuna thought about this mysterious floating world once more. On each and every one of these countless layers, there were people living on them, passing each day with tears and laughter. No, painful events were likely to be more common for most of those people. But still, everyone continued fighting their own battles day after day.
The place where I should be...
Asuna gazed over the path leading to their home, then looked up at the base of the floor above.
—Let's return to the frontlines, she suddenly thought.
In the near future, I cannot help but take up my sword once again and return to my own battlefield. I do not know how much longer it will take, but I will fight until this world is finished, to let everyone show their true smiles once again. To grant happiness to everyone— That was what Yui had wished for.
"Hey, Kirito-kun."
"Hmm?"
"If the game is cleared and this world is gone, what will happen to Yui-chan?"
"Aah... Well, it might be stretching the capacity a little. I've converted her to a part of environmental data for the client program and saved her into my Nerve Gear's local memory. On the other side, it might be quite difficult to unpack it as Yui... but it should be possible somehow."
"I see."
Asuna turned her body about and hugged Kirito tightly.
"Well then, let's be sure to meet up with Yui-chan again on the other side. Our very first child."
"Yeah. Definitely."
Asuna looked down at the glittering crystal in between the couple's chests. Mama, do your best... She seemed to hear that faint voice from deep in her ears.

(End)


Red-nosed Reindeer (Aincrad 46th Floor, December 2023)
Part 1
«Vorpal Strike» flashed through the darkness, and with its blood colored light two giant insect monsters' HP went to zero.
Confirming with my peripheral vision that the polygons had scattered, I withdrew my sword just as I unfroze, and turned around to block an attack from a big, sharp jaw. I then used the same «Sword Skill» to finish it off; it made a Giii cry before tilting backwards and dying.
This heavy single-handed attack skill first appeared in my list just three days ago, when my «Single-handed Sword Skill» reached level 950, and it was surprisingly convenient. Even though the skill has such a long cool-down player freeze period, its reach is double that of the actual blade; and the fact that its power is comparable to a two-handed heavy pole-arm is more than enough to make up for its shortcomings. Of course, if used in battle against other players, they would read the timing immediately. But the simple movements of the AI monsters cannot counter it. You can simply spam it and blow away groups of enemies with deep red light effects.
Having said that, after continuously battling for an hour under this weak torch light, I did indeed feel my concentration waning. I can no longer react and counter their big, biting jaws or acid mucus as well as earlier. Though they attack in large numbers, these monsters are not small-fry. This habitat is only three floors below the front line on the 49th floor, and these are very powerful monsters. Even though this is within the safety margin when considering level differences, if a massive swarm were to attack and surround me, my HP would quickly go down to the yellow zone.
To brave these dangers and come to a floor that has already been cleared, there could only be one reason. This place is the most efficient way to earn experience points out of all the currently known training locations. These giant ants that come from caves around the cliff here have high attack power, but their HP and defense are both very low. As long as you can continue to avoid their attacks, you can quickly take down a lot of these monsters. But as mentioned earlier, once under attack and surrounded, you may not even be able to hold your ground, thereby leading to death, so this area cannot be seen as a suitable training zone for solo players. Because this is such a popular place, every party is only allowed one hour to hunt. I was the only solo player there. Even now, there are familiar faces from various guilds lined up at the valley entrance. There should be a row of bored expressions that look as though they were stamped on. If it were just impatience, that would be fine. But strongly team spirited players thought of me as the "Strongest Idiot" or the "Anomic Beater" – but, of course I didn't know about that.
My left side timer display showed 57 minutes. I decided to finish up after clearing the next wave of monsters. I took a big breath and waited, in order to squeeze out every last bit of concentration.
As ants approached from both left and right, I faced towards the one on the right, and threw a dagger to stop its movement before killing the one on the left with the triple attack skill «Sharpnail». As I turned around, I used «Vorpal Strike» to cut towards the big open jaws of another ant. During my skill cool-down, I used the glove on my left hand to wipe off the green acid that had hit me. With a jiyuu sound my HP bar lowered, and then I kicked off the ground and jumped high. In midair, I cut apart the weakest part of the ant's belly and killed it. For the last two, I used half of the longest chain skill I know, a six-hit chain, to defeat them. Before the next set of ants appeared from their hives, I suddenly dashed away.
After running the thirty meters of the ant valley in five seconds, I rolled out of the small entrance before finally releasing my breath. Gasping for fresh air, I wondered if this pain was just mental or if my real body also stopped breathing. In any case, I felt my stomach cramp up, and unable to bear this degree of nausea, I dropped like a rag onto the frozen winter ground.
The sound of many footsteps reached my ears as I lay on the ground. Even though these are people I know, I can't even say hello to them. Feebly waving my right hand to bid them onward, I then heard a rough voice and a big sigh.
"My level and yours have already grown apart, so I won't join in the action today. Listen up. Don't let the circle formation collapse, and constantly be mindful of the people around you. Make sure that you don't act shy if you encounter anything dangerous, just shout to me for help. And also, flee immediately when the queen comes out."
After receiving their leader's directive, six or seven people answered with a "Yes!" or "Ho!", and the rustling footsteps gradually moved away. I breathed heavily a few times, and after finally getting my breath under control, I propped myself up with my right hand and leaned on a nearby tree.
"Catch!"
I gratefully caught the healing potion, flicked the cork open with my thumb, and drank it greedily. Even though the taste carried a hint of bitter lemon juice, I thought it was delicious. I tossed the empty bottle to the ground, watched it emit a small red light as it disappeared, and looked up.
Klein, who was the leader of the guild «Fuurinkazan» that I had met at the beginning of this death game SAO, still wearing his vulgar bandana, opened the mouth that was above his scruffy beard and said:
"Kirito, no matter how you put it, this is more than a little absurd. Just when did you come here today?"
"Eh... around 8 p.m."
After I replied in a hoarse voice, Klein showed an exaggerated expression of dissatisfaction.
"Oi, oi, it's already two in the morning, you've been here for six hours. At this kind of dangerous training zone, if you use up your strength it will be an instant death."
"It's fine. I can rest for up to two hours when waiting."
"If nobody comes then you plan to keep on fighting!"
"That's exactly why I chose this particular time to come. If I came during the day then I might have to wait five or six hours."
Klein mixed the sound of being flabbergasted with the phrase "You idiot". He then unhooked his katana from his waist, and sat down heavily in front of me.
"...well, regarding your strength, from the first day of SAO I understood it without a doubt... what's your level at now?"
To be able to keep secret stats such as the level is a player's lifeline. To not ask is therefore an unspoken rule in SAO. But up till now there's been no reason to hide it from Klein, so I answered honestly.
"Today I got to level 69."
The hand rubbing his chin stopped suddenly, and the eyes that were half-covered by the bandana opened wide in shock.
"...hey, are you for real? Since when were you ten levels higher than me – and, I don't understand it. Lately your leveling speed has been too unusual. You must have been training even during the time of day when the training areas are sparsely populated with any players. Why do you have to go this far? I don't want to hear any of that......"for clearing the game". Even if you become stronger by yourself, the clearing pace will still be determined by strong guilds like KoB."
"Don't mind me; I have become a level-aholic. Just getting experience points makes me feel good."
Seeing me say that with a shameful smile, Klein countered by putting on a serious expression.
"Don't joke around... even I know how exhausting it is to grind like this. To play solo is incredibly taxing on the mind...even if your level is approaching 70, to be alone in this area is definitely not safe. You want to take risks, but you must have a limit too. What's the point of leveling in a place like this where you can die at any moment?
Fuurinkazan is a guild with a core of Klein's friends from before SAO. Its members are a gang that dislike unnecessary meddling and, its leader, Klein, is no exception.
This guy is a good person, but for this kind of man to be concerned to this extent about an anomic beater like me, I'm afraid it might be because he must, for I can understand what his reason is. To help Klein, who isn't very good with words, I opened my mouth with a smile.
"It's fine, you don't need to pretend to be worried anymore. You want to know if my target is the Flag Mob, right?"
Flag Mob is set up to be a monster for quest completion. It will spawn either once every few days or sometimes hours, but once in a while a unit will spawn that is very close to the Boss Monster, so of course its strength is no joke. Thus, to defeat it, players will usually form parties as big as the ones with the Boss as the target.
Klein bluntly revealed a hard expression and rubbed his jaw.
"...I wasn't particularly trying to find that out..."
"You don't have to hide it anymore. The fact that you bought information regarding my purchase of intelligence on the Christmas Boss from Argo...this information I also bought from her."
"Say what?!"
Klein opened his eyes wide and was speechless.
"That Argo... her nickname, Rat, is not just for show."
"That girl would sell any information, even her own stats. Anyways, we know that each other's target is the Christmas Boss, and I've already bought all the current information that can be acquired from an NPC. So, you should know that I will earn experience points like this indefinitely and no matter what kind of advice is given I will not have a reason to stop."
"Ah... my bad. That is something I would reject too."
Klein removed his hand from his chin and scratched his head, continuing.
"It's 5 days until Christmas eve... every guild is the same, they all want to increase their combat ability before the appearance of the Boss, even if only a little. But in this kind of freezing night, idiots who lock themselves up in training areas are rare. Fortunately, our guild has almost ten people, we would have good chances even if our target was the Boss. You know, since it's a «Once a Year» big Flag Mob, this is not something you can hunt alone.
"......."
Unable to object, I looked down at the light brown, dry wild grass.
One year after SAO started, before the second Christmas, a rumor began to spread throughout Aincrad. A month ago, NPCs on every floor started to talk about the same quest.
It is said that during the Month of the Holly[3], that is, midnight on December 24th, in some forest under the branches of a huge tree, the legendary monster «Nicholas the Renegade» [4] will appear. If you can defeat it, you will get all the treasure from the big sack it carries on its back.
Even for strong guilds that always only go after dungeons, this time they showed big interest. They understand that treasure, money and rare weapons will help a lot during Floor Boss fights. If we say that this is the SAO system, which has thus far only taken things from players, giving good-hearted Christmas presents, then how could anyone not accept?
But a solo player like me had, at first, no interest in this rumor. Without even Klein saying it, I already knew that this opponent was not a match for a mere single player. And besides, with the money I get from game-clearing, I could even buy a house if I wanted to. Most importantly, I don't want to, as a result of fighting the Flag Mob that everybody wants to fight, become famous, and get unnecessary attention.
But two weeks ago – my feelings made a sudden 180 degree turn after hearing an NPC's information. After that, I came to this popular hunting ground every day, under the laughter of others, and leveled like crazy.
Klein, who has been keeping quiet with me, said in a low voice:
"So it's related to that information after all – The «Resurrection Item»."
"...Ah."
Now that the conversation has gone this far, there's no need to hide it anymore. After I calmly admitted it, I sighed numerous times which I couldn't keep track of, and squeezed out the words.
"I understand your feelings...I never thought there would actually be such a dream item. «Nicholas's bag contains a legendary item that can bring the dead back to life.» ...but...like most people, I think that was just a lie. Or rather than call it a lie, I mean it might be a left over speech for NPCs for when SAO was just an ordinary VRMMO...that is, originally, this item would have revived people without the conditions of the «Death Penalty». But, the SAO now has no such thing. There is only one penalty, and that is the player's life. I don't want to recall that event, but this was said first day on the clearing by that Kayaba fellow."
I recall the incident's first day tutorial by Akihiko's fake GM in that clearing and what he said. A player whose HP becomes zero will disappear from this server, never to return to their physical body.
I don't feel that speech was a lie, but...even so...
"There's nobody that can confirm, that the death in this world is equivalent to the real thing."
I said these words as if I meant to argue. Just then, Klein wrinkled his nose and struck down my words:
"We're going to die and return to the other side actually alive, and Kayaba will face us and tell us «I lied» ? Stop it, this question was resolved a year ago. If it's this kind of sick joke, then just pull down all the players' Nerve Gear, and this incident will be over with. Since we can't do that, this death game is serious. When HP becomes zero, the Nerve Gear will become a microwave oven and fry your brain. If it isn't that, then the people who were killed by those bastards or monsters, who cried "I don't want to die" as they disappeared, what did all of it mean?"
"Shut up!"
Shouting loud enough to surprise myself, I interrupted Klein's speech.
"If you really think that I would not even understand this kind of thing, then I have nothing to say to you... Indeed, Kayaba did say that on the first day, but, a while back, even the leader of the game-clearers on the front lines, the leader of KoB Heathcliff said this: as long as there is even a one percent chance of saving the life of a comrade, then we should do our best to pursue that chance, and those who cannot do this don't deserve to form any party. Even though I don't like that man, what he says is right. I'm currently pursuing that chance. Suppose that those who die in this world have neither returned to the real world, nor have truly died, and instead were transferred to some sort of reserved area, waiting for the final outcome of this game. Then, we have established a reason for the «Resurrection Item»."
With a long-windedness rarely seen of me, I put forth this scenario that I only just created to support me. Klein put away his anger, and instead looked at me with pity.
"Is that so?"
The sound he emitted just now was completely different from before, very calm.
"Kirito...you still haven't forgotten about it, huh, that your last guild... And it's nearly been half a year since then..."
I turned my head, and spat out words to defend myself.
"It should be said, how could I have forgotten after just half a year...everybody died, except for me..."
"It was called «Black Cats of the Full Moon» right? They weren't even a game-clearing guild, yet still went to a place close to the front lines, and in the end some thieves caused an alarm trap. That was not your fault, and no one would blame you for that. Instead, you would be praised for being able to survive."
"It's not like that...it was my fault. Whether it's stopping them from going to the front line, telling them to ignore the treasure, or making sure everyone escaped as soon as the alarm went off; all of this I should have been able to do."
—If I didn't hide my level of skill from my companions. The pain that came from not telling Klein this truth was relentlessly biting my chest. Before the katana-user said any words of comfort uncharacteristic of him, I forced myself to finish the rest of my words:
"Indeed, there might not even be a one percent chance of it. But whether it's the probability of my finding the Christmas Boss, of defeating it alone, of the Resurrection item existing, or of the dead's consciousnesses having been preserved...all of these like finding a grain of sand in a desert. However...however, it is not zero. Since it's not zero, I have to put in my best effort. Moreover...Klein, there's no way you would give yourself this headache just for the money, right? So, you will use it as a reason to do this just like me, right?"
In response to my question, Klein snorted, answering while holding the sheath on the floor:
"I'm not the same as a dreamer like you. It's just that...before, I also had a friend who was eliminated. If I don't do everything that I can for him, then I won't be able to sleep at night..."
Facing the Klein who had stood up, I gave a slight smile.
"So it's the same."
"It's not the same. Our main objective is still the treasure, with what we just talked about on the side......with only that group of people, it would be bad if a giant ant comes out. I'll go and check out the situation."
"Ah, ah."
Slightly nodding my head, I closed my eyes and leaned deeply against the trunk of the tree. The whispered words of the katana-user floated over to me.
"And I worry about you. It's not just to gather intelligence, you moron. If you die by being brave in this kind of place, I certainly won't use the resurrection item on you!"


Part 2
“Thank you for your concern. Then we will respectfully accept it. Please protect us until we reach the exit.”
This was the first sentence the leader of «Black Cats of the Full Moon» guild, Keita spoke to me.
Five months had passed since the spring season's dusk when the death game called SAO began. In order to collect material for weapons, I had ventured into the labyrinth ten levels below the current front line.
As a Beater, I had rushed headlong since the beginning, utilizing my experience as a beta tester. Adopting a tough solo player approach, had enabled me to earn experience points very efficiently. It reached a point where I could even defeat monsters on the front line solo. As such, hunting at the current level was so easy and relaxing that it became a boring task. By avoiding other players, I was able to obtain the complete set of required amount of materials in two hours. As I was preparing to move toward the direction of the exit, I encountered a party retreating, a huge group of monsters pursuing them.
As a solo player, I immediately had the opinion that the party was totally unbalanced. Within the five player party, the only player who could assume a forward role is a guy carrying a mace and shield. The others were just a thief equipped with a dagger, a staff user carrying a two handed-staff and two long spear users. However when the mace user's hit points were reduced drastically, there was no one else who could substitute in. As a result, this type of party could only retreat slowly.
To determine the status of everyone, I checked their hit points. Apparently, it was more than sufficient for them to retreat safely to the exit. However, that would no longer apply if they encountered another group of monsters in the midst of retreating. After some slight hesitation, I dashed out from the path I was hidden in and spoke to the staff user who seemed to be the leader.
“Do you want me to assist with forward support?”
The staff user stared at me with his eyes wide open and nodded his head after a moment of hesitation.
“Then, sorry for troubling you, but please retreat immediately if there is any danger.”
I nodded my head in acknowledgement and pulled a sword off of my back before shouting from behind the mace user to switch in. Thus, I rushed into the monsters' assault.
The enemies were a group of goblins which I had defeated in numbers just a while back when hunting alone. These monsters could be quickly defeated if I went all out with my sword skills. Even if I was unable to defend against any of the attacks, I would be able to last for a long time by depending on my «battle healing» skill to recover my hit points. However, I was instantly concerned. Though I do not fear the goblins, I was deeply concerned with the thoughts of those players behind me.
In general, high-level players causing a big disturbance while training in the lower levels was considered bad manners. If it persisted for a period of time, the player would receive a harsh reprimand when a request was made to a guild in the higher levels to resolve it. The player would end up being reported in the newspaper's list of players with bad etiquette and were subjected to a number of punishments. Though that should not be an issue as I considered it an emergency situation, it made me concerned. If not handled properly, they would have labelled me as a Beater instead of showing gratitude.
As such, I intentionally prolonged the time required to defeat the group of goblins by limiting the usage of my sword skills. At that time, I was still unaware that this decision of mine would lead to an irreparable mistake. ?

The whole group of goblins was finally defeated after several rounds of rotation with the mace user, who had been constantly replenishing his hit points with medicine. I was startled when this unknown party of five players started to cheer loudly. They were mutually giving each other a high-five rejoicing in the victory.
Though feeling at a loss, I still put on an unaccustomed smile while shaking everybody's hands. The only female player in the party, a black haired spear user held my hand last with both her hands while repeatedly saying to me through her tears:
“Thank you...... Thank you so much. I was really afraid...... when you came to our rescue, I was really happy. I truly appreciate your help.”
Hearing such words while seeing the flowing tears, there was this indescribable emotion flowing through my chest. I remembered at that moment when I helped them, it felt very good that I was strong enough to be able to do so.
Although I had been a solo player since the game began, this was not my first time helping other parties on the front line. However in a strategic party, it is a tacit understanding that we were supposed to help each other on the battlefield. Since there would be a day when I would need help in return, I would help others without expecting anything in return. Further, those being helped would only give a brief greetings in return. This was the best way to quickly handle the post-battle silence before the start of the next battle. That simple rational exists as a way to continuously and efficiently strengthen oneself.
However, they – the «Black Cats of the Full Moon» were different. The whole party was overcome with great joy just from a round of victory in battle, and were complementing each other's efforts. It seemed like the victorious trumpet sound part at the end of a stand-alone RPG game when I proposed to accompany them to the exit. That was probably influenced by the family-like atmosphere they had among themselves. To describe it further, I felt that it was in fact they who were finishing this mad game called SAO.
“I am also a little concerned about the remaining amount of recovery medicine I have...... If you don't mind, let's head toward the exit together.”
Keita nodded while expressing a huge laughter toward my lies.
“Thank you so much for your concern.”
No, when I finally started to realize that it was just me who had felt that it was a refreshing experience, it had been six months after the disappearance of «Black Cats of the Full Moon». As someone who had adopted the policy of being a solo player to accumulate strength, protecting someone much weaker than myself gave off a pleasant feeling similar to being depended upon. That is just how it was.
While in the main passage area after leaving the labyrinth, I had agreed to Keita's invitation to an ale house, their treat. As such, we were toasting in celebration with red wine they would consider expensive. When my self-introduction ended, Keita hesitantly asked about my current level in a whisper after the mood had calmed down.
I had more or less predicted this question would be asked. As such, I had thought of an appropriate fake number a while back. The number I told them was in fact about three levels higher than their average level...... but, it was actually twenty levels lower than my true level.
“Huh! You can solo at this place with your current level?”
My sour expression when I replied to Keita surprised him.
“There is no need to speak in such a manner...... even if being solo, but basically I only select isolated enemies to attack while avoiding detection. However in terms of efficiency, it is not very high.”
“Oh...... Indeed, then...... Although this is rather sudden....... But I think some guilds will invite you to join them very soon...... If you are willing, would you like to join our guild?”
“Huh......?”
Facing me, who was unsure how to respond, Keita's face, which was totally red, got more excited as he spoke.
“Look, based on our current level, we can safely train in the labyrinth we were previously in. As for the skills to move higher...... you would be well aware of our current circumstances. The only person who can assume the position of a forward is Tetsuo. No matter what, his recovery was unable to match the rate of deterioration. As such, the battle conditions will only get worse. If we have another companion to join us, things would have been much easier. Further...... Sachi, come here for a moment.”
Keita raised his hand and called aloud to the black haired spear user. The petite girl called Sachi came over while holding a glass of red wine and shyly nodded at me. Keita placed his hand on Sachi's head before continuing and said:
“This girl's primary skill as you can see, is using a two-handed long spear. But her skill is relatively low compared our other long spear user. Therefore, I would like to take this opportunity to convert her to a shield and sword user. It's just that we never had the opportunity to practice before this. Furthermore, we are also not familiar with one-handed swords. If you are willing, will you be her coach?”


“What's this! Treating me like a little kid!”
Sachi raised her cheek and stuck out her tongue slightly while smiling and said:
“This is because I have always been responsible for attacking the enemies from a distance. If you suddenly needed me to move forward and engage the enemy in close quarter combat, I would be afraid.”
“It will be fine as long as you take cover behind the shield. How many times do I need to repeat myself before you will understand...... seriously. You have been too easily frightened since long ago.”
I was only aware of the front lines of SAO where there were full of killings. No, in my opinion all players competed for resources in a MMORPG. As such, their interactions were both interesting and fascinating. When Keita noticed I was looking at him, he shyly smiled and said:
“Ah....... Our guild members are actually computer research club members from the same high school in the real world. In fact, she lives very close to me...... Ah, please don't be concerned since everyone here is very nice. You will definitely be able to get close with the others very quickly.”
Everyone in that group, Keita included, were decent people. That was something I already knew since I spent the return journey from the labyrinth with them. I felt guilty for deceiving that group of people when I forced a smile and nodded.
“Then...... Please allow me to join you all. Also, please offer me your guidance.”

With a second forward, the Black Cats' Party Balance improved drastically.
No, if any of them were showing any doubt, they would find that my HP wouldn't drop for some strange reason. However, these kind friends all believed me because of what I said, that I made this coat from some rare materials—and this wasn't a lie—and they never doubted me.
During a party battle, I was only in charge of defense, and to let the members behind me deal with the enemies and gain experience points. Keita and the rest quickly leveled up, and after I joined in for a week, we were training at a main hunting ground that was a level higher.
We sat around in a safe zone within the dungeon. Keita was eating a bento Sachi made as he excitedly told me his dream,
“Of course, our allies' safety is of the most importance. But...if, if we only wanted safety, we just needed to lock ourselves in the city right from the beginning. Since we're training and increasing our levels like this, we hope to at least be on the clearing group. Even though the front lines are far away from us, we can only leave it to elite guilds like the Knights of the Blood or the Divine Dragons Alliance to conquer them...eh, Kirito, what's the difference between them and us?”
“Eh...un, information. Those guys have information on which areas were the most effective in training, how to get the strongest weapons in the game and so on.”
That's the reason why I was in the attack squad, but Keita didn't seem to be happy about this answer.
“This...is obviously a reason. But I feel that it was willpower. Their desire to protect their friends, all the players are strong. It's because of this power that they were able to win in dangerous boss battles. We're the ones being protected, but our feelings won't lose to them. So...I feel that if we continue to work hard like this, we can catch up.”
“Really...you're right.”
Though I said that, I felt that it wasn't some amazing reason like that. The reason why the clearing groups had their motivation was that they always had a top swordsman who stood above thousands of players. The proof was that if they aimed to clear SAO just to protect players, those elite players should have provided all the information and equipment they got to the mid-level players. Then they could have improved every player's level, and the number of people who joined the clearing groups would increase.
The reason why they did that was because they hoped to be the strongest. Of course, I was the same as well. At that time, I would sneak out of our rest place and go to the front lines to continue leveling myself up. This act continued to pull my difference in level from the members of the Black Cats. Even though I knew the outcome, I continued to betray them.
But at that moment, I more or less believed that if the level of the Black Cats increased, we would be able to fight in the front lines. At that point, I thought that Keita's ideals may change the closed nature of the clearing groups.
In fact, the Black Cats were improving at what could be said to be an abnormally fast rate. The training area which we were using was a place I used to clear as part of the front lines. I knew all about that place, whether it was the danger spots or the effective spots. I continued to guide them like it was nothing, continued to come up with the most efficient plans, causing the average level of the Black Cats guild to greatly surpass that of the mainstream players. When I joined, we were still ten levels away from the front line, but this gap quickly became five. We continued to gain momentum and col, and it was even likely that we would soon have enough to buy a guild home.

However, there was one problem. Sachi's shield swordsman's transformation couldn't continue on.
But that couldn't be helped. When facing against savage monsters at close distance, what's more important than the value in levels was the courage to endure the fear and fight on until the end. Soon after SAO started, many players died because they panicked and sank into chaos. If I had to really say it, Sachi was really a quiet coward who didn't look like she could take the role of a forward.
I felt that there was no need for Sachi to change types because I had the status that far exceeded that required to be a shield. However, the other members didn't feel that way. Or rather, they seemed to be rather apologetic that I had to be the one being the forward, which would be extremely taxing. Even though she didn't say it because the morale within the group was good, Sachi felt that the pressure was becoming greater.
Then one night, Sachi suddenly disappeared from the rest place.
Everyone thought that the reason why they couldn't identify her location from the guild member list was because she was alone in a dungeon. This made the members under Keita panic, and they immediately went out to look.
However, I was the only one to insist on searching outside the dungeon. The apparent reason was that there were several spots that couldn't be tracked down. But in fact, I already had the high-level skill 'Trace' that could allow me to search for opposing enemies. Of course, I couldn't explain this to my allies.
As Keita and the rest ran to the dungeon in that level, I went to Sachi's room, activated the trace function, and followed the light green footsteps that appeared.
The small footprints went in a way everyone, including me, didn't expect at all. She disappeared at a drain that was somewhat far from the main street. I tilted my head and walked in, and saw that in a corner in the darkness where the water droplets could be here, Sachi was squatting down with a mantle that she just got, one with an invisibility function.
“...Sachi.”
Once I said that, she shook her shoulder length black hair and looked up, muttering in surprise,
“Kirito...how did you know that I was here?”
I hesitated about how to answer it, and finally said.
“Instinct.”
“...I see.”
Sachi smiled and again put her face into the knees she was hugging. I tried my best to think of words, and said something that lacked creativity,
“...Everyone's worried about you. They even sent people to the dungeon to look for you. Hurry up and go back.”
This time, it became a long silence. After a minute or two, I wanted to say the same thing again, but this time, Sachi's weak voice came while she lowered her head,
“Hey, Kirito, let's run away.”
I asked instinctively,
“Run away...from where?”
“From this town, everyone at the Black Cats, monsters...from SAO.”
I wasn't so familiar with girls—or even humans such that I could answer this immediately. After thinking about it for a long time, I timidly asked,
“Do you...have an intention of committing suicide together?”
After a short silence, Sachi smiled.
“Fufu...yeah, that should be okay...no, sorry. I lied. If I had the courage to commit suicide, I wouldn't have hid inside the town...don't stand around. Sit down too.”
I didn't know what to do, so I sat down slightly beside Sachi on the stone floor. From the semi-circle exit of the drain, I could see the town lights that were as small as the stars.
“...I'm scared of death. Because I'm scared, I practically couldn't sleep during this time.”
Finally, Sachi muttered.
“Why did such a thing happen? Why couldn't we leave the game? Why is it that we could die even if it is only a game? What could that Kayaba get by doing this? What's the meaning in this...”
Actually, I could make an answer to each of the five questions. But even I knew that Sachi wasn't looking for that sort of answer. I tried my best to think and said,
“Most likely, there's no meaning...and nobody could benefit from it. The moment the world became like this, everyone lost the most precious thing to them.”
I endured my tears as I told a huge lie to the girl. That's because I lied to myself to get stronger, and felt the satisfaction of this secret when I entered the Black Cats gang. In that sense, I obviously got my benefit.
At that time, I should have told everything to Sachi. If I had even a teeny-weeny bit of sincerity, I should have revealed my ugly ego out. In that case, Sachi may have some stress taken from her, and she may even feel somewhat relaxed.
However, what I could only say was a lie to steel myself more.
“...You won't die.”
“Why do you say that?”
“...Even in our current state, the Black Cats are still a strong guild. We have achieved a safe margin too. If you stay in that guild, you can continue to live on safely. Also, you don't really need to change into a swordsman.”
Sachi lifted her head and showed me a reliant expression. However, I couldn't look straight into those eyes and lowered my head.
“...Really? I can live on until the end? Back to reality?”
“Ahh...you won't die. You'll live until the day when the game is cleared.”
Those were words that weren't convincing and had no weight in them. Even so, Sachi leaned over to me, brought her face over to my left shoulder and cried for a while.

After a while, I sent a message to Keita and company and brought Sachi back to our hotel. Sachi went back to her room to rest, and I waited at the first level at the bar for Keita and the rest to return. I told them a few things—Sachi needed a much longer time to become a swordsman, and if possible, she should continue to be a lancer. Also, I could continue to be the forward.
Keita and the rest were wondering what happened between Sachi and me, but they happily agreed to my proposal. I heaved a sigh of relief, but this wouldn't settle the real problem.
From the next night on, Sachi would come over to sleep in my room. She said that if she continued to be with me and hear that she wouldn't die, she would be able to sleep peacefully. Now I definitely couldn't sneak out at night to earn experience. Even so, it didn't mean that my guilt of lying to Sachi and the rest disappeared.
For some reason, that memory was as compressed as a snowball, so I couldn't remember much. One thing I was certain of though was that Sachi and I didn't have a romantic relationship. We never slept in the same bed together, never cuddled with each other, talk about love or even look at each other.
Our relationship was more likely stray cats that were licking each other's wounds. Sachi would forget about her fear a bit because of my words, and I would rely on her to forget the guilt that I was a beater.
That's right—It was because I neglected Sachi's troubles that I found out this element of the SAO incident for the first time. Before that, I probably never felt the real terror of this SAO that had evolved into a death game. I systematically beat the low-leveled monsters I beat during the beta test, continued to level up and maintained in this safety margin. I wasn't the Paladin Heathcliff, but in my memory, my life had never dropped into the danger zone.
I relied on the vast resources I got easily. Once I knew—that there were many players who were scared of death like this, I finally found a way to remove my guilt. Of course, that method was to continue protecting Sachi and the Black Cats.
For my own satisfaction, I forgot that I hid my level before entering the guild, forgot the memory that I ended up being the one protecting them, grooming them to be a top-notch guild. Every night, I would be at the bedside, comforting Sachi who was curled up in anxiety, saying to her 'you won't die, you won't die, you'll live on' like a mantra. Every time I say that, Sachi will show a smile somewhat under the blanket, stare at me and enter a light sleep.


However, Sachi still died in the end.
Less than a month after that night in the drain, she was hacked to death by a monster in front of me, and her body and soul were all scattered.
That day, Keita wanted to buy a little house as our guild home, brought the sum of money we finally gained and went to meet with the players who dealt with property. Sachi, I and the other three members were laughing as we were looking at the guild member common items column which had no items as we waited for Keita to return back. But after a while, the mace-user Tetsuo said,
“Let's head to the dungeon before Keita comes back, arrange the function and scare that guy.”
The five of us entered the dungeon which we never went to before, the one which was just below the 3 levels the frontlines were at. Of course, I fought in that place before, and I knew that it was a place that was easy to earn money but had lots of traps. However, I didn't tell them that.
In the dungeon, the levels were within the safe area, so our hunting was proceeding smoothly. After an hour, we earned the targeted amount of money, and just when everyone was ready to head back and buy things, the member who was the thief discovered a treasure chest.
At that time, I was vocal about ignoring it. But once I was asked the reason, I couldn't say that the trap difficulty was up a level from this level on, and I could only stutter and emphasize that it looked dangerous.
The alarm trap sounded loudly, and the monsters swarmed into the room like a tidal wave. Immediately recognizing that the situation was dangerous, I immediately called for everyone to use the emergency escape crystal to get away. However, that place was designated as a place where the crystal would be ineffective—at that time, everyone, including me, ended up in either light or heavy panic.
The first one to die was the thief who activated the alarm. Then, it was mace-user Tetsuo, and the male lancer died behind him.
Panicking, I continued to swing the high-level sword skills I hid and killed waves after waves of monsters. But there were too many, and I didn't have a chance to destroy the treasure chest that continued to ring.
As Sachi's HP disappeared completely after being surrounded by the monster mob, she reached her right hand out to me as if she wanted to say something. Those widened eyes still showed the glow that she trusted me, just like every single night, until it was all heartbreaking.

I couldn't remember how I survived. As I recovered, the mob of monsters and the 4 allies of mine weren't in that room. But even in that situation, my HP bar dropped to about half.
Unable to think, I blankly returned back to the hotel.
Keita, who placed the brand new guild home key on the table and was waiting for us to come back, listened to me—how the 4 of them died, how I survived, and stared at me without expression. He said something like how beaters like me didn't have a right to join them.
He ran out of the town in Aincrad, and then jumped over the fence without hesitation as I followed him from behind, into the endless void.
What Keita said was the truth. It couldn't be debated. It was my arrogance that killed 4 members of the Black Cats of the Full Moon—no, 5. If they never met me, they would have continued to remain in the safe middle zone, and they wouldn't trigger what was a trap.
To survive in SAO, what we needed wasn't reflexes or numerical value in levels, but ample information. I increased their levels with high efficiency but didn't tell them information. That was a tragedy I caused with my own two hands, and I personally killed Sachi who I swore to protect.
Whether she wanted to curse viciously at her final moment, I had to endure it. The reason why I continued to look for that rumored revival item was just to listen to those words. 
Part 3
During the four days remaining until Christmas, my level went up once more, to 70.
During this time, I did not sleep at all. This would be the price. Sometimes I get these piercing headaches, as if I was being struck by nails, but I think that even if I were to lie down, I wouldn't be able to fall asleep.
Since that encounter, Klein's guild Fuurinkazan had never been to the ant's valley again. I continued to mix in line with the other guilds, hunting the mechanical ants alone. The expressions of those players who saw my eyes had also finally turned from ridicule to disgust. Although sometimes there are still players that respond to me, as soon as anyone met with my line of sight, the face would immediately turn away from me.
Among the group of players whose target was the Christmas gift, the biggest question was where exactly was the giant fir tree that «Nicholas the Renegade» would appear under—regarding this question, I took advantage of the wait time in the ant valley, and obtained a very likely answer.
I had gone to the coordinates that I bought from various intelligence businesses, but even though the exteriors appeared to be Christmas trees, they were in fact not fir trees, but pine trees. The needles on pine trees are not the same. The front end of fir leaves has a thin and elongated oval shape. Because in the real world I have these two types of trees in my back yard, I know this.
A few months ago, I was on the thirty-fifth floor's training area where there was a random transfer dungeon called the "Lost Forest", and in a particular corner I found a giant curved tree. I thought that there had to be some hidden meaning to the shape, possibly the starting point of some unknown task and so carefully investigated, but nothing was found. In retrospect, that giant tree was a fir tree. On Christmas – that is, tonight, special Mob «Nicholas the Renegade» should appear there under the tree.
I listened to the calling sound that indicated I was now up a level to 70 without any feeling, and after the ant mob around me was dealt with, I took out from my bag a teleport crystal. Without greeting the players currently in line, I went straight to the frontline floor where I was lodging, to the main street area of the forty-ninth floor.
I raised my head to look at the transfer gate plaza's clock tower, to see that it was three hours away from midnight. Probably because they wanted to spend Christmas Eve together, around the square was full of players in couples. I quickly crossed them to go back to the hotel.
Charging into my hotel room, I immediately opened the storage box installed in the room, taking from the item window that popped up all the restoration, detoxification crystals and potions and the like. Although these alone could count up a hefty balance sheet, I would not pity it even if all of them were used up.
As soon as I took out a single-handed sword from my collection, confirmed its durability, I took off the sword on my back that I used to fight the ants and exchanged it. Then I also exchanged my leather coat and armor and everything else for new items. When I had finished, I was about to close the window when I saw my inventory and stopped my hand.
There, in addition to the «Self» written there, my own inventory page, was another label that read the name «Sachi».
This is the result of a very good relationship between two players, but one which has not progressed to «Marriage» —such players set their own common items window. This is different from the way that all items in marriage are shared in that only items in this separate window are shared.
Sachi, who had never asked for a confession or to hold hands previously, requested shortly before her death to set up this window. When I asked for the reason, she gave an answer that was difficult to accept, that it was for easily exchanging healing potions and similar items—if this was the purpose, there was clearly already a guild open that could be used for that. But I nonetheless agreed, and set up this window to share only between Sachi and me.
Though Sachi died, this window still remained. Of course, the friend list would also still retain Sachi's name, but it would be a grey that could not be contacted. And the few remaining healing potions left in the shared inventory, these would also not be used. After half a year, even with the guild page deleted without feeling, I was unable to remove the label of Sachi's name. Of course—the reason was not that I believed she could be resurrected—I just couldn't forgive the self that would have been able to feel better after having deleted her name.
I only recovered and closed the window after looking at Sachi's name for ten minutes. It was two hours until midnight.
As I walked out of the room and towards the direction of the transfer gate, I kept thinking about that expression on Sachi's face in her final moment, what she was thinking, and, what exactly she wanted to say.
Transferring to the gate on the thirty-fifth floor, I came to a completely different square from that of the frontline, one that was very quiet. Maybe because there was still some distance from here to the main battlefield of intermediate players, the main street area was simply not worth strolling through. But still, I pulled up my coat's collar to avoid the eyes of several players in the area, quickly leaving the street.
Unwilling to spend time fighting against the small fries, I started running after checking that no one was chasing after me from behind. With the level I managed to gain during the past one month, my agility went up a lot, and my feet that stepped on the snow were as light as feathers. The aching pain that came from the temple never disappeared, but it caused my mind to be unable to sleep at all.
After about 10 minutes of running, I arrived at the entrance of the forest maze. This field dungeon was segregated by numerous 4-sided polygons, and as the areas were connected to each other, it could be said to be impossible to break through if there's no map.
After opening the map, I stared at the marked areas and went into. After memorizing the path in my mind, I went alone into that silent forest.
After two battles that I couldn't avoid, I entered the area in front of all the trees that covered the target without any difficulty. There was still more than 30 minutes.
Then, I would be fighting against this boss monster alone that would likely take my life—a high chance at that. I couldn't feel any fear inside. Or rather, maybe that's what I was expecting. To die in battle to revive Sachi may be the only way I could accept death—
I didn't want to say something heroic like I'm looking for my resting place. I caused Sachi and the other four allies to die meaninglessly, and I have no right to look for a significance in dying.
What's the point of doing this? Sachi once asked me. And I answered her, there was none.
Right now, I could finally turn those words into reality. Sachi died meaninglessly in this meaningless death game SAO that the insane genius Kayaba Akihito created. With that, I'll die in a place no one would notice, not remembered by anyone, and to die meaninglessly like that.
If, I beat that boss and survive, that revival item would turn from rumor to reality. That was what I thought. Sachi's soul would return from the Death Road or the River Styx, and then I can finally hear her last words. Finally—just finally, let me wait for this moment...
Just when I was ready to step forward and finish walking the last few meters, several players appeared from the warp point behind me. I jumped back in shock as I held the hilt of my sword behind me.
What appeared was a group of 10 people, and standing right in front was a samurai guy in light armor, a katana on his waist, and a headscarf—Klein.
The main members of the Fuurinkazan guild each looked nervous as they moved closer to me from the warp point behind them. I continued to look at Klein's face and squeeze out a hoarse voice.
“...Were you following me?”
Klein grabbed the hair that was made straight by the bandana and nodded.
“Yeah. We have someone with good tracking skill.”
“Why me?”
“Because I bought the information that you bought all the tree coordinates, and for safety measure, I went to look at the sentry gate at the 49th level, but found that you were moving towards the level where there was no information on. I felt that your battle ability and gaming instincts were really strong, stronger than the clearing group...even more than that Heathcliff. So...Kirito, you can't die at a place like this.”
Klein reached out his right hand, pointed his finger at me and shouted,
“GIVE UP ON THAT RECKLESS SOLO ATTACK AND PARTY WITH US! LET THE PERSON WHO GETS THE REVIVAL ITEM DROP KEEP IT, OKAY!?”
“...In that case...”
I couldn't believe that Klein said that to me because he viewed me as a friend, that he was worried about me.
“In that case, it's meaningless...I have to attack alone...”
I wielded my sword hilt tightly, and my mind was burning crazily and somewhat unconsciously thought.
—Let's just kill everyone.
In the past, when the death game started, I abandoned Klein, this beginner who didn't know anything, and went on to the next town. I regretted over this for a long time, and was relieved that Klein was able to live on in such a fine fashion.
At that time, I was seriously wondering, do I have to achieve my aim even if I had to slay one of my few friends and fall as a red player? My heart was weakly screaming that this was meaningless. However, the other side was giving a voice, hoping that I would die meaninglessly, but was roared back in an overwhelming fashion.
I really believed that if I drew my sword slightly then, I wouldn't be able to stop myself from that moment on. And Klein was looking at me sadly while my right hand trembled and continued to struggle.
At that moment, a 3rd group of intruders arrived.
Also, this group wasn't just 10, but about 3 times the party. I stared at that large party blankly and muttered to Klein, who turned back in a similarly shocked manner,
“Seemed like you guys were followed too, Klein.”
“...Ahh, looks that way...”
At the boundary that looked like it was 50m away, there were people I recently saw at the anthill, staring wordlessly at Fuurinkazan and me. The Fuurinkazan swordsman that was standing beside Klein leaned beside the leader's face and whispered,
“Those guys are the «Sacred Dragon Alliance», a group of guys who can become orange just to attack the flag boss.”
I heard that name often too. Their name was as famous as the Knights of the Blood, the largest guild amongst the clearing group. Those guys should each be below me in level, but I had no belief in beating that many people.
But—perhaps the outcome should be the same.
Suddenly, I felt that whether I was killed by a boss monster or a guild, it would all be meaningless. But then again, at least it would be a better choice than fighting with Klein, right?
I decided to draw my sword from my back. I was lazy to even think. I just needed to be like a robot and focus on swinging my sword, destroy everything in front of me until I break down.
However, Klein's shout caused my hand to stop.
“DAMN IT! THOSE BASTARDS!”
The katana user drew out the weapon at his waist faster than I could and growled at me from behind.
“Get over there, Kirito! Leave this to me! Go beat the boss! I won't allow you to die though! I won't forgive you if you dare to die in front of me! Never!”
“...”
There wasn't much time left. I turned my back on Klein and entered the last warp point without saying thanks.

The large fir trees, the location where I memorized, and the curves of the memories, they were all standing there silently. There didn't seem to be any other 4-sided areas of trees as the landscape was glowing with pure white snow, and it looked like a barren land with all life extinguished.
As the timer in the corner of my eye reached zero, an alarm sounded from somewhere, and I lifted my head and looked over at the treetop.
The pitch-black night sky, or rather, with the base of the upper level as background, those lines of light continued to reach over. Looking at them closely, I found that it was a strangely-shaped monster dragging a giant sled.
As it reached the top of the trees, a black shadow flew down from the sled, and I took a few steps back.
What landed hard and scattered the snow was a monster that was 3 times my size. He still appeared to be human, but his arms were extremely long, and because his body was bent forward, those arms almost touched the ground. The small red eyes were glowing under the abnormal bulge on the forehead of the shadow. The lower half of the face was full of curly grey beard, and the length even reached the waist.
Strangely, this monster was wearing a red and white shirt, a cone-shaped hat that was of the same color, wielding an axe with the right hand, and a large bag full of things on the left hand. The designer who designed this guy probably wanted to let a large group of players to be scared yet amused once they see this ridiculous ugly version of a boss Santa Claus. But to me, who's facing this «Nicholas the Renegade» solo, the appearance of the boss wasn't important.
Nicholas may be starting to say the lines for this mission as he got ready to move his tangled beard.
“Shut up!”
As I muttered this, I drew my sword, and my right foot kicked hard into the thick layer of snow. 
Part 4
It has been more than a year since I started playing SAO, but this was the first time my HP bar had entered the red zone.
After the defeated target's polygon shattered, it left only a sack behind. There wasn't a single restoration crystal left in my inventory, I had never come this close to death before. Even though I survived, there was no happiness or comfort in my heart. Instead, I felt an emotion closer to disappointment. Why did I survive?
As I returned my sword back to its scabbard, the sack glowed and then disappeared. All the items that were dropped by the target should have registered in my inventory. Taking a deep breathe, I raised my trembling hand and called up the inventory window.
The inventory window has many tabs with names that would irritate most players. Weapons & Armor, Jewels/Ores, Crystals, and even Food Ingredients, I scrolled through the window filled with item tabs to find a single item.
A few seconds later, the item that I was searching for entered my line of sight.
It was called «Divine Stone of Returning Soul».
My heart started to beat frantically, it felt as though blood had just started flowing through the part of the heart that was numbed for the past several days- several months.
Ca.... Can I revive Sachi? If this can be done, wouldn't it mean that, Keita, Tetsuo, and the souls of every player who lost their life in SAO since the beginning haven't been destroyed...?
This may be my only chance to see Sachi again. Just thinking of that made my heart skip a beat. No matter what curses or swears that might be thrown at me or any consequences that might befall because of my lies, this time I would hug her tightly with both my arms and look into the pair of black coloured eyes and say words from the bottom of my heart. It is not that you will never die, but it is me who is going protect you. To fulfil that promise, I will work hard to make myself stronger.
After several failed attempts to select the stone from the window due to my trembling hands, I finally managed to materialize the «Divine Stone of Returning Soul». Floating above the inventory window is a rainbow-coloured jewel stone around the size of an egg with such beauty that was unable to be put into words.
"Sachi.......Sachi....."
Calling out her name, I tapped the jewel stone, then clicked on the help menu by the window, simple instructions appeared on the panel in a familiar font style.

[The item can be used on the player's shortcut menu or holding the materialized item and shouting «Revive .. Player Name», the effect will only work and revive the fallen player during the time frame between death of the player to the disappearance of item's effect light. (approximately 10 seconds)]

Approximately 10 seconds.
This phrase that seemed as if it was added intentionally, clearly and cruelly announcing that Sachi will never be revived.
Approximately 10 seconds. This is from the time when a player's HP falls to zero, and the body shattering into polygons, to Nerve Gear sending out electrical signals to fry the player's brain in the real world. I cannot help but imagine how Sachi must have felt during the short span of 10 seconds, from her body disappearing till her Nerve Gear frying its owner's brain. It must have been extremely painful for her. In this span of 10 seconds, what was she thinking? I cursed myself repeatedly.....
"Ugg..Ahhhhhh. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."
I let out an animal-like scream.
Grabbing the Divine Stone of Returning Soul that was floating above the inventory tab, I threw it with all my might onto the snowy ground.
"Ahh... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
I stamped on the crystal furiously with my shoe while screaming. However, the crystal continued to glow steadily without being affected from the stamping, there was not even a single scratch, much less a crack on it. I screamed with all my might, shoved both my hand into the ground and using my fingers I grabbed the accumulated snow, in the end I continue my screaming while rolling on the snow.
It is meaningless, everything is meaningless. It does not matter if Sachi died while being scared and in pain, or me challenging the Christmas special target, NO, living in this world or the fact that 10,000 players are trapped in here totally has no meaning. I finally understood it now, this is the only truth.
I did not know how long I kept this up, no matter how I scream, how I shout, I did not feel any urge to cry. Is it because this factitious body of mine lacks that function? Finally, wearily I stood up, picked up the holy crystal that was buried in the snow and headed towards the portal that led to the previous area of the dungeon.
There was only Klein and the members of «Fuurinkazan» remaining in the forest. The members of «Divine Dragons Alliance» were nowhere to be seen. As I walk toward the katana-wielder who was sitting on the ground, I checked to see that there was no loss in numbers.
It's obvious that Klein was the only one who was tired, but not as much as I did. I could guess that he negotiated with the Divine Dragons Alliance and fought a duel. However, my heart wasn't feeling grateful.
The katana user saw me walk over, and his expression showed ease. However, his lips stiffened after seeing my expression.
"...........Kirito............"
I dropped the holy crystal on the knee of Klein who was calling my name in a low and coarse voice.
"This is the revival item, but it cannot be used on people who have died long ago. Take it and save the next person who dies in front of you."
As I was preparing to head toward the exit after saying that, Klein grabbed my coat.
"Kirito... Kirito......"
It shocked me to look at him with tears flowing down his fully-beard cheeks.
"Kirito... You... You must survive.... Even if all the others perish... You must survive till the end....."
I pulled the sleeve of my coat from Klein's hands, who cried on as he repeated for me to continue living on.
"Good-Bye."
After saying that, I made my way out from the forest in a lost manner.

By the time I was aware of my surroundings, I was back in the room of the inn at the 49th storey without any recollection of how I made my way back.
The time was around 3am.
I started thinking what I should do from this point onwards. For the past month, the revival item was the motivation for me to continue surviving. Although it existed, it wasn't the item that I wanted.
After thinking for a while, I decided to head off and fight the boss of this level once dawn broke. If I beat that guy, I would continue on to beat the boss of the 50th level, and then, I'll continue on to the 51st.
I couldn't think of any other ending for a stupid clown. After making this decision, my feelings relaxed, and I just sat on the chair like that. Not seeing anything, not thinking about anything, but waiting for morning to arrive.
The moonlight that shone down through the window started changing positions bit by bit, and finally, it was replaced by a grey daybreak. I didn't know how many hours I did not sleep, but it felt good for a final morning after the worst night.
As the clock on the wall ticked to 7am, I got ready to get up from the chair, and a strange alarm rang in my ears.
Looking around, I couldn't find anything that could be the source of the sound. Finally, at the corner of my sights, I found a prompting purple signal from the main window flickering away, and I moved my fingers.
What glowed was the same item window Sachi and I shared. There was a limited use item. I scrolled the screen down in a puzzled manner, and found the timer activated message record crystal.
I took the crystal out, removed the window and placed it on the table.
After clicking on the glowing crystal, I heard that memorable voice of Sachi.



Kirito, Merry Christmas.

At the time when you hear this message, I am probably dead. That is because if I were still alive, I would have removed this crystal from the shared inventory on Christmas Eve and let you hear what I have to say personally.

That... Let me clarify why I have recorded this message.

I, probably, will not survive for long. Of course, this does not mean that I doubt the capability of Kirito and the «Black Cats of the Full Moon» guild. That is because Kirito is very strong and the rest of the members are getting stronger by the day.

How should I explain this..... A very close friend of mine from another guild lost her life. Being a timid person like me, she only hunted in safe areas, but because of her bad luck, she was killed by mobs on her way back to town. After that, I pondered over various stuffs and I came to a conclusion. To continue surviving in this world, it matters not how strong your companions are, if you do not have the will to live or the determination to survive no matter what, death definitely awaits.

For me.. Truthfully, ever since the first time I stepped into the beginner practice area, I was and have been very afraid. Actually, I never intended to leave the Starting City. Although I was very close to members from the Black Cats of the Full Moon in the real world and I enjoyed the time we spent together, I hated going into battles. I probably will die eventually if I continue to hold this attitude in battle. This was not caused by anyone, the problem lies with me.

Ever since that night, you've been telling me it's alright every night and that I won't die. That is why if by any chance I die, you'll definitely blame yourself for it and won't forgive yourself. This is also the reason why I thought of recording this message. I would like to tell Kirito, it isn't your fault. If there is any problem, it would be me. The date will be set on the next Christmas, because I would like to at least try to survive until then, hoping to walk down the snowy street together with you.

Actually.... I knew how strong Kirito is. One time, when I woke up from Kirito's bed, I accidentally saw your level from your opened status window behind you.

Even after thinking long and hard, I still did not manage to come up with any reasons why Kirito-kun would hide his real level and form a party with us. But I didn't mention this to the other members, as I believed that someday you would tell us the reason personally.... I was rejoicing when I found out that you are very strong. After knowing that, I started to be able to sleep peacefully as long as I am by your side. Perhaps to you, being with me might be of significance to you, this also made me very happy. If this is the case, there was definitely meaning in me coming to the higher floors even for a timid person like me.

That... Actually, what I am trying to say is, even if I die, you should strive to survive. Live on, look upon this world until it ends, please help me find out the reason why this world was created, the meaning of why such a timid person is in this world, the significance of our meeting. That is my wish.

Ah... Seems like there is still some time left. This crystal can record plenty of stuff. Hmmm, then, since Christmas is such a special occasion, I'll sing a Christmas carol. I do have some confidence in my voice. I guess I'll go with [Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer]. Actually I would have preferred to sing other songs like [Winter Wonderland], [White Christmas] which are more well known, but unfortunately I can only sing the lyrics of this song.

Why did I only remember [Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer]? The previous night, Kirito said something to me, "No matter who you are, you definitely can make a difference in someone's life." Telling me that even if it is me, there is a place where I belong. After hearing those words, I was extremely glad and I remembered this song. I don't know why but it was probably because I kind of thought of myself as Rudolph and you as Santa Claus.... if I have to put it in words, you give off a fatherly feeling. My father left me when I was still very young, that is why every night when I was sleeping beside you, I kept wondering if that was the feeling that a father would give. Ah, okay, I'll start singing.



Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer had a very shiny nose.?
All of the other reindeer used to laugh and call him names.?
Then one Christmas Eve?
Santa came to say:?
"Rudolph with your nose so bright, won't you guide my sleigh tonight?"?
Rudolph who was always crying, started smiling that night.?

......To me, you'll always be like a bright star that shines and guides me from the opposite end of a dark alley. Good-bye, Kirito. It was really fortunate of me to have met you and to have been with you.
Thank you.
Good Bye.
There were three deep green lighted dots, they were aligned like a modest constellation.
Kirigaya Suguha extended the finger of her right hand, probing the lights.
The LED indicators displayed the current operating status of the FullDive model VR machine, «Nerve Gear». Situated on the front part of the headgear, the indicators monitored—from the right—the main power, network connection, and cerebral connection. At the moment that the light on the far left edge were to turn red, it would signify the destruction of the brain of the gear's user.
The owner of the gear was on a spacious gel bed in the middle of a completely off-white hospital room, in a never awakening sleep. No, that was not an accurate expression. In actuality, his soul was currently fighting day and night in some far away parallel universe—risking his liberation along with several thousand other people being held as captive players.
"Onii-chan..."
Suguha called out to her quietly sleeping brother, Kazuto.
"Already two years have passed, huh.... I, next time, will be a high school student, you know.... If you don't return soon, I'll eventually get ahead of you..."
She lowered her finger from the LED, tracing a line on her brother's cheek. During the long coma, Kazuto's muscles began to wane, and that razor-thin line gave his profile an exceedingly feminine gloom, despite his originally androgynous impression. Even his mother joked, calling him the family's «Sleeping Beauty».
His face was not the only part that thinned. His whole body had grown thin and worn out—he was in a pitiful state compared to Suguha, who had been training in Kendo from a young age—his body weight now was obviously insufficient. She wondered, if this kept up, would he be reduced to nothing...? Recently, she had been seized with such a fear.
However, Suguha had been struggling against the possibility of crying while in the hospital room since a year ago. At that time, a member of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communication's «SAO Incident Countermeasure Team» had informed them. A government official—with long forelocks that draped over his black edged spectacles, and wearing somewhat respectful clothing—informed them in a blurry voice that her brother's «level» was standing at the top few percentages of the whole group within the game—that he was constantly going to the dangerous front-lines to battle and was one of the few capturing players.
It was confirmed that today as well, her brother was fighting in a battle adjoined with death. That was why Suguha would not cry here. Apart from that, she thought of holding his hand to cheer him on.
"Do your best.... Do your best, Onii-chan".
As always, Kazuto's bony right hand was wrapped by both of her hands—as she prayed earnestly in silence, a voice suddenly came from behind her.
"Ah, you came, Suguha".
She turned around in a fluster.
"Oh, mother ..."
The one standing there was her mother, Midori. This hospital room's sliding door used a motor drive, so the sound of its opening and closing were dreadfully silent; this resulted in Suguha failing to hear her mother enter.
Midori then, after nimbly arranging the bundle of cosmos in her right hand into the bedside vase, lowered her back onto a chair next to Suguha. Probably returning from her workplace, she wore a cotton shirt with slim jeans and a leather blouse on top, giving her a rough appearance. With her thin makeup and hair that was simply tied behind her back, one could not see the appearance of a woman turning forty next year. Although her job as editor-in-chief of a computer information magazine may be partly to blame, the person herself did not have any intention of acting more appropriate her age—so to Suguha, you could say that her mother was more like an older sister.
"Mother, you came properly. Isn't it before proofreading is completed?"
Suguha said, and Midori laughed.
"I forcefully slipped away and came. I don't always come very often, but at least for today."
"That's right.... Today was onii-chan's...birthday, wasn't it?"
Both of them kept silent for a brief while, intently watching Kazuto as he slept on the bed. The curtain swayed as a sunset colored draft entered the room, wafting the aroma of the cosmos faintly through the air.
"Kazuto is... already 16 years old, huh..."
Midori muttered and sighed.
"... Even now, I recall that incident like it happened yesterday. That time when Minetaka-san and I were watching a movie in the living room, and Kazuto suddenly said from behind, 'Please tell me about my real parents' ".
Suguha motionlessly gazed at Midori's charming lips with very light rouge, a light nostalgic bitter smile appearing on them.
"At that time, I was really surprised. Kazuto was only 10 years old. Till Suguha entered high school... it was a secret that we had planned to keep for 7 more years, but he found out about his Juki Net[1]'s erase records."
When Suguha had heard about that for the first time, before she was surprised, she gave the same bitter laugh as her mother.
"That's seriously just like Onii-chan, huh?"
"We were so surprised that we didn't feign being ignorant and hurt. That seemed to be Kazuto´s strategy, and later Minetaka-san said 'we had been had' and was chagrined."
"Ah, haha," the both of them went laughing, and for a brief while they gazed at the sleeping Kazuto without a word.
The brother, Kirigaya Kazuto, who had always been living together with Suguha from the moment she had awareness of things around her, was to be precise, her «cousin».
The married couple Kirigaya Minetaka and Midori's own child was Suguha, while Kazuto was Midori's sister's; this meant that he was the child of Suguha's aunt. Her aunt and her aunt's husband, without a choice, left their only child, who was not even a year old, and passed away in an accident. The serious nature of the injuries they bared eventually putting an end to their lives, and Midori was left to take charge of Kazuto.
That fact was told to Suguha by both her parents during winter two years ago, around that time, Kazuto was trapped in a virtual reality game going by the name of «Sword Art Online». Suguha, who had already received a big shock from the incident, was in a cruel state of confusion; she went to Midori, asking why she did not tell her earlier and why she was the only one not being told, and took out her confusion on Midori.
Two years had passed, and even now within the bottom of her heart, the feeling of alienation was lurking, of being the only one who did not know anything. However, during this time she had finally come to understand her parents' feelings at that time.
Their original plan, of informing Suguha of the truth after she entered high school, had been hastened, in short, she was told everything of the truth of her family while Kazuto was still alive, which was the bitter decision both her parents made. Within a month's time of the outbreak of the SAO incident, there was an absurd number of 2000 deaths. Under those circumstances, the both of them could not help but make a compulsory resolution for Kazuto's certain death. At least after everything was over, they would not regret that Suguha «did not know it», which was what both her parents must have certainly thought.
Suguha, who was still carrying a great number of conflicting emotions, frequently visited this hospital room, which Kazuto was admitted to, and continued thinking earnestly. The matter of her brother not being her real brother and what was lost.
Before long, she came up with an answer that it was nothing.
That nothing would change. There would not be a single thing hurt. As before she knew the truth and after she knew, she, as always, had only been praying for Kazuto's well-being and his return.
Henceforth in those two years, only half of Suguha's prayer had been delivered.
"... Hey, Mother."
While gazing at his profile, Suguha let out a soft sound.
"Yes?"
"... Onii-chan, ever since he was in junior high that time, he has always been only playing net games, right... Do you think that there is a relation?"
That question, which omitted a single word of him not being the Kirigaya family's own child, made Midori immediately shake her head.
"No, it's not related. That's because when this child was six, he constructed a self-made machine using my room's junk parts. Rather, my PC maniac blood was inherited. Mentally that is."
Gently smiling, Suguha nudged her mother's arm with her elbow.
"Speaking of which, Mother really liked games as a child, too, or so I've heard from grandmother."
"That's right; I have been playing net games since I was in primary school. Kazuto somehow is not worth worrying about."
Once again, the both of them laughed wholeheartedly, Midori focused her loving eyes on the bed.
"... However, no matter in whichever game, I was never a top player. I did not have enough patience and resolution. That blood is not in common with me but with you. Even continuing Kendo for 8 years, you have that same blood flowing, which is how Kazuto is surviving even now. Eventually, he could unexpectedly return."
"Plop", Midori placed her hand on Suguha's head and stood up.
"So, I'll be leaving first. You also don't be home too late."
"Okay, I understand."
Suguha nodded, and Midori looked at Kazuto one more time, and softly said "Happy Birthday". Afterwards, she did several quick winks, turned around, and quickly left the hospital room.
Suguha grabbed the hem of her uniform skirt ready with both hands, took a deep breath, and again looked at the LED indicators of the headgear covering her brother's head.
The green lights, that displayed the net connection and cerebrum connection statuses, were repeatedly flickering rapidly.
Right now, on the other side of the network, there were the SAO server and Kazuto's consciousness, and through Nerve Gear, a countless number of signals were being exchanged.
Regarding to where her brother was right now. He could be wandering with a map in one hand in a gloomy dungeon. He could be in the middle of an evaluation at a second-hand shop. Or maybe, facing a dreadful monster, he could be boldly crossing swords with it.
She gently reached out both of her hands, and wrapped them around his thin, white right hand, again.
Kazuto's true sense of touch was totally canceled by Nerve Gear at the medulla oblongata, before it reached the brain. However, looking at the skin that Suguha made contact with, she believed that her encouragement would have surely reached him.
This was because Suguha could feel it once again. This young man's, her brother's, who, to be accurate, is her cousin, soul is emitting intense temperature. He had the firm intention and would definitely survive and return to the real world.
Over the other side of the white curtain, the flickering golden light soon changed into vermilion and again into purple; although it was that time when the hospital room was wrapped in dim light, Suguha continued to stay there. Without moving, she listened attentively to her brother's modest breathing.
The urgent message of Kazuto awakening was reported from the hospital. That was a month later, on the 7th of November, 2024.

Katon, koton.
The plain wooden rocking chair made gentle sounds as it swayed back and forth on the porch.
The soft sunlight of late autumn shone through the top of a cypress tree. A light breeze gently blew across the surface of a distant lake.
Her cheeks lay upon my chest as she breathed gently and fell asleep.
The time, filled with golden tranquility, continued to flow by steadily.
Katon, koton.
I rocked the chair and gently stroked the girl's chestnut-colored hair. Although she was already asleep, a faint smile appeared on her lips.
A group of sprites played on the front lawn. The beef stew in the kitchen was simmering away at an audible boil. I wished this gentle world, in a small house deep within the heart of the forest, would continue on for eternity. But I knew this was an impossible wish.
Katon, koton.
As the chair's legs continued to sound, the sands of time fell away one grain at a time.
I tried to pull the girl closer to my chest as if I was resisting fate.
However, my arms managed to embrace only thin air.
I quickly sprang open my startled eyes. Her body, which was leaning against me just a second ago, had completely disappeared. I stood up from the chair and looked around the area.
Like the falling curtain of a stage, the color of the sunset steadily darkened. The creeping darkness began to dye the entire forest in pitch black.
I stood up straight in the icy winter wind and called out her name.
But there was no reply. Neither in the front garden where sprites played, nor in the kitchen—her figure could no longer be found anywhere.
Before I realized it, the entire house had been surrounded by darkness. The house's furniture and walls began to fall apart and disappear as if they were made from paper. Only the rocking chair and myself remained behind in this darkness. Even though no one sat on the chair, it continued to sway back and forth without changing.
Katon, koton.
Katon, koton.
I closed my eyes, plugged my ears, and mustered all my strength to call out her name.

My eyes quickly opened to the clear and loud voice. I no longer knew whether I shouted out only within the dream or if I actually called out in reality.
Lying on the bed, I closed my eyes and sought to return to the beginning of my dream. But I soon gave up, and after a while slowly opened my eyes once again.
Thin wooden planks entered my sight instead of the white panels of hospital walls. I was lying in a soft mattress atop cotton sheets instead of some gel material.
This was my — Kirigaya Kazuto's room in the real world.
I lifted up my upper body and looked around my surroundings. The 6-mat room had an uncommon floor made of natural wood. Only three pieces of furniture could be found within the room: a computer hard-drive, a router, and the bed I was sitting on.
An old-looking piece of headgear was placed on the center of the vertically-raised routers.
Its name was «Nerve Gear», a full dive model VR interface which had locked me inside a virtual reality world for two years. After a long and difficult battle, I was finally released from the machine, and could finally see, feel, and touch the real world.
Yes, I had returned.
But, the girl who had swung her sword and communed her heart with me was...
Pain suddenly hit my chest, and I shifted my sight away from the Nerve Gear and stood up. I glanced at a mirror hanging on the wall. The embedded EL panel on the wall clearly displayed the current date and time.
Sunday, January 19th, 2025. 7:15AM.
Two months had already passed since I returned to the real world, but I still couldn't get used to my appearance. Although the swordsman Kirito and the current Kirigaya Kazuto were supposed to have the same appearance, my loss of body weight had yet to fully recover, so the bony body underneath my T-shirt was extremely frail.
I suddenly noticed two lines of tears shining on my face in the mirror and wiped it off with my right hand.
"I've turned into a complete crybaby... Asuna."
I muttered and walked to the large window on the south side of the room. I opened the curtains with both hands, and the glaring sunlight of a winter morning dyed the inside of my room in pale yellow.

* * *

Kirigaya Suguha was really happy as she walked across the ice in the courtyard and then sped up.
The snow that fell two days ago had yet to melt completely, and the mid-January morning air was extremely cold.
She stopped at the edge of a pond, which was covered by a thin layer of ice, and set the shinai[2] in her right hand down against the trunk of a nearby black pine. To expel the lingering drowsiness from her body, she took several deep breaths, placed both hands at the knees, and began her stretching exercises.
Her muscles, which had yet to awaken fully, slowly loosened up. First came the knees, then she felt a prickling sensation as blood began to circulate in her calves and ankles.
Suguha stretched to reach straight down with both hands, gradually bending her back— until she abruptly stopped. The smooth ice that formed over the lake reflected her appearance back to her.
Her short hair, cut above her eyebrows and in line with her shoulders, was black with tinges of blue. Her eyebrows shared the same ink black color and were very thick, while two eyes filled with unyielding spirit lay below them. Together, her reflection had a seemingly boyish appearance. The traditional white d?gi and long black hakama[3] she wore only helped to accentuate this.
??As I thought... I just don't resemble... my Onii-chan...
It was a thought that often filled her mind in recent days. She thought of this every time she saw her own face at the bathroom's entrance. It wasn't that she disliked her appearance; she didn't care that much to begin with. But ever since her brother Kazuto returned to this house, her mind had began to subconsciously make comparisons.
??It's no use, no matter how much I think about it.
Suguha shook her stubborn head and resumed stretching.
After she finished stretching, she picked up the shinai that was left propped up against the black pine. She gripped it, feeling the familiarity in her palm from its long use; then she straightened her back and assumed a centered posture.
She took a deep breath while maintaining her stance— then instantly, with sharpened vigor, she struck out directly frontward with the shinai. Her keen movement seemed to cut the morning air, which startled a number of sparrows as they all flew off from the branch overhead.
The Kirigaya family home was an old Japanese house that lingered alongside the dated streets of southern Saitama. The entire extended family had been living here, as Suguha's grandfather, who had passed away four years ago, was a very strict and old-fashioned person.
He served in the police force for many years and was a famous kendo practitioner during his youth. He hoped that his only son, who was Suguha's father, would continue in his footsteps on the path of kendo. Her father had grasped the shinai until high school, but then he readily gave it up to study abroad in America and eventually found employment at a foreign financial securities company. After being assigned to the Japanese branch, he met and married Suguha's mother Midori, but continued a life of routine travelling across the Pacific ocean. By that time, Suguha's grandfather had redirected his passion toward her and the one year older Kazuto.
Suguha and her brother were made to join the neighborhood kendo dojo during elementary school. But because of her mother's influence as an editor for a computer systems magazine, her brother loved the keyboard far more than the shinai and left the dojo within two years. However, Suguha wasn't like her brother. She had found an affinity with kendo and continued to grasp her shinai even after her grandfather died.
Suguha was now fifteen years old. Last year, she had advanced far enough in the middle school competitions to rank as one of the best in the nation. By springtime, she had been recruited by one of the most famous high schools in the prefecture.
But??
In the past, she had never lost her path forward. She really liked kendo: not only did it meet the expectations of those around her, it had also made her happy.
But two years ago, when her brother got involved in the incident that shook all of Japan, turmoil arose within her heart. One could say that she regretted deeply. Ever since her brother gave up Kendo when she was seven years old, a profound gap had opened up between the two of them, and Suguha was extremely regretful that she never put forth the effort to close the divide.
The brother who had cast aside the shinai spent every day immersed in computers, as if seeking to quench his remaining thirst. He built a machine from parts and then helped his mother program it when he was just an elementary school student. For Suguha, the stuff he talked about was like a foreign language.
Of course, school had taught Suguha some lessons in computer use, and she had a small computer in her room. However, her knowledge of computers was limited to just email exchange and web browsing; it was impossible for her to understand the world her brother lived in. This was especially the case for the networked RPG games her brother was addicted to, which had always felt detestable to her. Since then she had put on a fake persona, but she found it impossible to get closer to other people who also interacted with a false mask.
Ever since her childhood, Suguha and her brother shared a relationship that was as close as best friends. But as her brother left her for a whole different world, Suguha buried her loneliness by devoting herself wholeheartedly to kendo. The distance between them continued to expand, and their daily conversations continued to drop; before Suguha had realized it, their relationship had fallen to a merely normal one.
But truth be told, Suguha constantly felt lonely. She wanted to talk to her brother more. She wanted to understand her brother's world, wanted her brother to come and watch her competitions.
However, just when she was about to express these feelings, that incident happened.
The nightmarish incident named "SWORD ART ONLINE". Ten thousand youths from across Japan were confined by an electronic cage and fell into a long sleep.
Her brother had been admitted to a major hospital in Saitama. Then, on the first time Suguha had gone to visit him...
As she saw her comatose brother, restrained to the sickbed with numerous cords and concealed by that dreadful headgear, Suguha burst into tears. It was the first time since her birth that she cried. She simply clung to her brother and wept aloud.
There may never be another chance to exchange words with him. Why didn't she try to close the distance between them earlier? It shouldn't have been that difficult; it should have been possible for her.
It was then that she began to seriously reconsider whether she should continue to practice kendo and what her true feelings were. But she was so lost that she never found an answer. During her fourteenth and fifteenth years when she couldn't see her brother, Suguha had entered a high school based on recommendations from others around her, but whether she should continue walking down this path was a doubt in her heart that would not disappear.
If her brother came back, then she would definitely talk to him a lot. She would get rid of all her confusion and anxiety, and frankly tell him her thoughts. Then, two months ago, after Suguha made her decision, a miracle occurred. Her brother had broken the curse through his own power and returned.
??But by that point, her relationship with her brother had already changed drastically. Suguha heard from her mother Midori personally that Kazuto was not her real brother, but actually a cousin.
Her father Minetaka was an only child, but her mother Midori had an older sister who passed away early; however, Suguha didn't know about this. Therefore, when Suguha learned that Kazuto was her mother's sister's child, she found herself at a loss and wasn't sure what type of relationship they should maintain. Should they be a little more distant? Should they remain the same? She had no idea how she should express herself over this relationship.
...Yeah. There is one thing, that would not change...
As Suguha pondered over all this, she swung her shinai down sharply as if to cut her own train of thought. It was too scary to keep going down that path of thinking, so she began her practice with the shinai in order to redirect her attention elsewhere.
When she finished her required number of sets, the angle of the morning sun had changed significantly. She wiped the sweat off her forehead, put down the shinai, and turned back toward her house...
"Ah..."
The moment she looked toward the house, Suguha suddenly froze in her footsteps.
She wasn't aware that Kazuto, who was wearing a sweatshirt and sitting on the porch, had been looking in her direction. As their eyes met, he smiled and spoke:
"Good morning."
As he said that, he tossed the small bottle of mineral water in his left hand over to her. Suguha caught it with her right hand before responding:
"G-good morning.... Seriously, if you've been watching me, you should have said something."
"But, it looked like you were seriously concentrating."
"Not really, I'm always like this."
Suguha secretly felt really happy that they were able to talk so naturally with one another over these two months. She picked a spot to Kazuto's right which kept a delicate distance from him and then sat down. Setting the shinai aside, she opened the bottle and placed it at her mouth; the cold water permeated her hot body and felt refreshingly pleasant.
"I see you've kept it up this whole time..."
Kazuto picked up Suguha's shinai and swung it lightly with his right hand from his sitting position. He immediately tilted his head to one side and said:
"So light..."
"Huh?"
Suguha removed the bottle from her mouth and looked at Kazuto.
"This is made of genuine bamboo, so it's quite heavy actually. It's about fifty grams heavier than the ones made from carbon."
"Ah, uh huh. That... is merely what I felt... but when it comes to comparison..."
Kazuto suddenly plundered the bottle from Suguha's hands and then quickly drank all the remaining water.


"Ah..."
Suguha's face began to redden without even thinking about it. She pouted her lips and said unhappily.
"W-What are you trying to compare with?"
Kazuto put the empty bottle on the porch and then stood up without answering.
"Hey, want to try sparring with me?"
Dumbfounded, Suguha looked straight at Kazuto's face.
"As in... a match?"
"Yes."
Kazuto nodded as if it was natural, even though he didn't have any interest in kendo.
"What about protectors...?"
"Hmmm, it's probably okay if we don't wear them... but it would be bad if Suguha got injured. I think grandfather's protectors are still around, so let's go to the dojo."
"Oooh."
Suguha completely forgot her hesitation from earlier and wondered why he would suddenly say such a thing; she smiled and said:
"Aren't you confident? Trying to pick a match with a national quarter-finalist? Besides..."
Her facial expressions then changed.
"Is your body alright...? You shouldn't be reckless..."
"Hehe, I'll show you the results of my daily rehabilitation training at the gym."
Kazuto chuckled and began to briskly walk toward the back of the house. Suguha hurried to follow.
The Kirigaya house was a rather spacious lot, and a dojo laid to the east of her mother's room. They followed grandfather's will and didn't demolish it, so Suguha used it for her daily practice, thoroughly maintained it, and kept all the equipment there.
The two of them entered the dojo barefooted, bowed to each other, and then began to prepare themselves respectively. Fortunately, grandfather's physique was almost the same as Kazuto's; the protectors they brought out were old but just the right fit. As they finished tying the headgear's laces at the same time, the two of them walked to the center of the dojo and bowed to each other once again.
Suguha slowly stood up from her crouching position, grasped her favorite shinai tightly, and took a centered stance. Meanwhile, Kazuto—
"W-what is that, Onii-chan?"
Upon seeing Kazuto's stance, Suguha blurted out without thinking. Odd was the only way to describe it. His left foot was half a body in front, his waist was lowered, and the shinai in his right hand was held downwards with its tip nearly touching the floor. His left hand seemed as if it was only touching the handle for appearance's sake.
"If a referee was here, he would be absurdly angry at that."
"It's fine, this is my sword style."
Suguha took a deep breath and readjusted her posture. Kazuto further widened the distance between his feet and lowered his center of mass.
Suguha thought about kicking off with enough power to directly land a powerful strike against her opponent. But Kazuto's weird stance made her unsure of what to do. Although there was an opening, it didn't feel easy to take advantage of. That stance felt like it was the product of many years of experience—
However, that couldn't be possible. Kazuto only wielded the shinai for two years when he was seven and eight. He only could have learned the basics during that time.
As if noticing Suguha's confusion, Kazuto suddenly began to move. He dashed in at a low angle as if he was gliding and his shinai sprang upwards from his lower right. It was not of a speed to be surprised at, but as it was a sudden attack, Suguha had to move by reflex. And with her right foot opened up,
"Kote!!"[4]
Suguha swung down at Kazuto's left forearm. It should have been perfectly timed, but her strike splendidly cut through the air.
It was an unbelievable dodge. Kazuto had released his left hand from the handle, and drew it towards his body. Was that even possible? Targeted at Suguha, taken aback with surprise, the shinai held by Kirito's right hand alone rushed in. Confounded, she frantically dodged.
By the time the two swapped positions, having turned around to face each other as they kept a distance again, Suguha's consciousness had changed completely. A pleasant tension filled her entire body, as though her blood was boiling. This time, it was Suguha's turn to strike. Her forte, a forearm strike—
But this time as well, Kazuto cleanly evaded that. He pulled his arms back, twisted his body, and allowed Suguha's shinai to slide past with a paper-thin gap. Suguha was dumbfounded. Her high-speed strikes were well-acclaimed even within the club, and she had no recollection of a scene with someone managing to clearly dodge all of her consecutive attacks.
Getting serious, Suguha began a fierce assault. She drove the tip of the shinai in continuously, striking faster than one could breathe. But Kazuto kept on dodging and dodging. The unfaltering movement of his eyes made it seem like he had already fully grasped the movement of Suguha's shinai.
Irritated, Suguha forcibly closed the distance and locked her shinai against Kazuto's. Against Suguha's well-trained legs and torso, Kazuto began to stagger under the overwhelming pressure. Without letting him escape, Suguha seized the moment to launch a finishing blow directly toward Kazuto's head.
"Men!!"[5]
'Ah', Suguha finally realized a moment too late. She didn't hold back at all on her attack, and it crashed fiercely into the metal grill on Kazuto's protective headgear. Bashiin! A high-pitched clang resounded throughout the dojo.

Kazuto continued to stagger backwards for a few steps before he finally stopped.
"A-are you okay, Onii-chan!?"
Suguha frantically asked. Kazuto lightly waved his left hand to show that he was fine.
"...Ah, I lost. Sugu sure is strong; Heathcliff doesn't compare against you at all."
"...Are you really alright...?"
"Yeah. Match finished."
After saying that, Kazuto took several steps back and then made a few even stranger movements. He flourished the shinai in his right hand left and right, then held it to his back and made a "hyuhyun" sound. After that, he straightened his back and scratched his head beyond the mask with his left hand, which made a crunching sound. All of this made Suguha really worried.
"Ah, your head was hit, so..."
"N-no!! It's just an old habit..."
After they bowed to each other, Kazuto sat down in a formal posture and began to untie the laces on his protectors.
The two of them left the dojo together, went to the washroom, and rinsed the sweat off their faces. She originally intended to just play around a bit; she never expected it to suddenly turn so serious and leave her entire body feeling overheated.
"Nevertheless, I was really surprised. Onii-chan, when did you practice?"
"Eh, that attack pattern of mine... seems like sword skills really can't be managed without system assist."
Once again, Kazuto muttered something that made absolutely no sense.
"But it was really fun. Maybe I should try kendo again..."
"Really!? Really!?"
Suguha suddenly became energetic as a broad smile stretched across her face and she began to insist on a response.
"Sugu, would you teach me?"
"O, of course! We'll definitely train together!"
"We'll have to wait until after my muscles recover though."
Kazuto nodded, and Suguha smiled wholeheartedly. The thought of practicing kendo together once again made her so happy that tears were coming out from her eyes.
"Hey... Onii-chan... I..."
Although Suguha didn't understand why Kazuto had a renewed interest in kendo, she was still really happy, and wanted to also tell him about her new interest. However, she quickly changed her mind and swallowed the words she was going to say.
"Hm?"
"Err, I guess it should stay a secret for now."
"What's up with that!?"
The two of them dried off their heads and then returned to the main house through the back door. Her mother Midori always worked in the mornings, so Suguha and Kazuto took turns in preparing breakfast.
"I'm going to take a shower, Onii-chan do you have any plans for today?"
"Ah...today, I'm... I'm going to the hospital..."
"..."
Suguha's high spirits suddenly sank as she heard his quiet response.
"I see, you're going to visit that person."
"Ah... that's the only thing I can do at this point."

That person was the most important one to him in that other world, and Suguha heard this directly from him a month ago. At the time, Suguha was in Kazuto's room; the two sat next to each other, and Kazuto was nursing a cup of coffee as he explained all the details. The Suguha from before would never have believed it possible that someone could fall in love in a virtual world. But now, she could somehow understand. Besides— whenever Kazuto spoke of that person, tears would always well up in his eyes.
Kazuto said that they were together until the very last moment. The two of them were definitely going to return to the real world together. But while Kazuto's consciousness awoke, that person only kept on sleeping. Nothing happened— or maybe something did happen and nobody knew about it. Ever since then, as long as he had time, Kazuto would go visit the hospital every three days to see that person.
Suguha could see it clearly. Kazuto, sitting in front of that sleeping person, holding her hand just like she once held his, calling out to them tirelessly. As soon as she visualized that image, a feeling that couldn't be described floated to the top of her heart. Her chest tightened painfully, and every breath felt difficult. She hugged herself tightly with both hands and directly sat down at where she was.
She wanted Kazuto to keep on smiling. Since he returned from that world, Kazuto had become a lot more open than before. He began to talk more with Suguha. He even got gentler and no longer made any unreasonable demands. It felt like they've returned to their childhood days. Therefore she realized just how important that person was when she saw her brother's tears. At that point she began to persuade herself.
??But, I've, I've already realized...
As Kazuto closed his eyes to reminisce about that person, Suguha felt like her heart could not stop hurting, as if she was trying desperately to hide another feeling.
As she watched Kazuto pour milk into a glass on the table and then gulp it down, Suguha whispered to herself within her heart.
??Hey, Onii-chan. I, I already know.
The siblings of before had now become cousins; yet even Suguha did not understand how it ended up like this.
But something did change. Although she hadn't really thought about it up until now, a small secret continued to flicker within her heart.
Maybe it's possible that she liked Onii-chan; but if it's like this, then that was probably fine.

* * *

After my bath, I changed my clothes and left on the bike that I had just bought about a month ago. By bicycle, the 15 kilometers to my destination was quite some distance, but the burden was just right for the still-recovering me.
My journey took me to a recently built hospital on the outskirts of Tokorozawa City, Saitama Prefecture.
The top ward of the hospital, was where she quietly lay.
Two months ago, atop the 75th floor of «Aincrad», I had defeated the final boss «Holy Sword» Heathcliff, and by so doing completed that death game. Afterwards, I awoke in a hospital room. Coming to, I found myself returned to the real world.
But she, my partner, my most important person, Asuna the «Flash», had not.
There wasn't much difficulty in inquiring about her. Immediately after regaining consciousness in a Tokyo hospital, I left the hospital room, wandering about with unstable steps, and was soon discovered by nurses who brought me back. Tens of minutes later, a single man in a suit rushed to pay me a visit as he gasped for air. He declared himself a representative of the «Ministry of Internal Affairs — SAO Countermeasures Division».
The organization of that grand name seemed to be formed immediately after the outbreak of the SAO incident, but in those two years, there was nothing they could do. However, that was unavoidable as well. If they had carelessly dabbled with the server, without cancelling the protection program made by programmer Kayaba Akihiko, the mastermind of this incident, ten thousand people would have had their brains destroyed. No one wanted such responsibility.
Regrouping, they made preparations to better observe the status of the victims laying in the hospital. Their one hope — a tiny light, but an immense task — was to survey player information through server data.
They so came to follow my progress on the frontlines, taking into account my level, position, and role as a vital player in the «Capture Group» trying to complete Sword Art Online. Therefore, when SAO players awoke all over the country, Ministry agents had rushed to my room, hoping to better understand what had just happened.
I revealed my conditions to the government official with the black rim spectacles who came into my sight. I would tell them all I knew. In exchange, they were to tell me what I wanted to know.
The thing I desired to know was of course Asuna's whereabouts. After a few minutes on the phone, the spectacled man turned and spoke, confusion naked on his face.
"Yuuki Asuna has been admitted to another medical institution in Tokorozawa. However, she has not awakened ... and not only her, 300 others across the country have yet to wake up either."

Initially they thought that this was simply the result of a lag spike occurring in the server. However, hours had turned to days as Asuna and the others had yet to wake.
Whether or not the plot of the missing Akihiko Kayaba still continued caused a great disturbance around the world, but my views ran contrary. I still remember the destruction of Aincrad, shrouded in the red setting sun.
He had certainly said it. He would release all surviving players. Moreover, by then he no longer had any reason to lie. He had definitely let himself disappear along with that world, this I wholeheartedly believe.
However, be it an unforeseen incident or in accordance with someone's will, the SAO server, which should have been completely formatted/reset, continued operation. Asuna's Nerve Gear was no exception, binding her soul within its depths. What went on deep within, I had not a clue, but if...if...if I could return to that world just once more—
If Suguha knew what I did then, she would have been furious. Leaving a note, I entered my room put my Nerve Gear on and started the SAO client. Surely enough, however, an error message coldly appeared before my eyes, «Error: Cannot connect to server».
Once my rehabilitation was complete, my freedom of movement had been restored, and from then until now, I had been periodically paying Asuna visits.
That was an extremely tough time. The feeling of something more important than anything else being unreasonably snatched away from me was far more painful than any physical or mental injury. Even moreso to the current me, powerless as a child.

Continuing the 40 minute trip, pedaling at a slow pace, I got off the main road and turned onto a winding, hilly road. Soon, an enormous building appeared before me. It was a privately managed, state of the art, medical institution.
The security guard at the entrance, now a familiar face, didn't bother to ask my reason for coming. I parked my bicycle in a corner of the huge parking lot. At the first floor reception desk, which bore the appearance of a high class hotel lobby, I was issued a visitor's pass. I clipped it to my chest and got on the elevator.
In several seconds, I reached the top floor, the 18th, and the door slowly opened. I walked south down the empty corridor. This floor had many long-term in-patients, but seeing others here was a rare occurrence. Finally, at the end of the corridor, a pale green door came into sight. There was a dull nameplate on the wall next to the door.
«Yuuki Asuna», below that display was a thin slit, which I was running toward. I unclipped the pass from my chest and slid its lower edge in the silt. The door slid open with a faint electronic sound.
Stepping into the room, I was enveloped by the refreshing fragrance of flowers. Fresh flowers at odds with the winter season decorated the room. The interior of the spacious hospital room was partitioned with curtains, which I slowly entered.
"Please let her wake up—" I touched the cloth, praying for a miracle and gently pulled the curtains apart.
A high-end intensive care unit was similar to the one I'd been in – even the mattress was the same. Sunlight gleamed off the white covers, falling gently on Asuna's face. If I didn't know any better, I'd have thought that she was simply sleeping.
When I first visited, I'd had this thought: would she disapprove of me seeing her this way? Such worries had since faded away. She really was too beautiful.


Her beautiful deep chestnut-colored hair, rippled like water on the white mattress around her; her translucent white skin, with a tinge of rose in her cheeks.
From her neck to her clavicle, her features looked exactly the same as they did in that world. Light cherry colored lips. Long eyelashes, trembling as if they'd open at any moment. If it weren't for that helmet, that is.
Nerve Gear. Its three, pale, flashing LED lights were twinkling like stars, evidence of its continued operation. Even now, her soul is still trapped in some world. I took her small right hand with both of mine, feeling her warmth. The feeling of her firm grip felt just the same as before. I held my breath, desperately trying to hold back tears as I cried...
"Asuna..."

The ringing of her alarm clock returned me to reality. Without me realizing, it had already become noon.
"I should go, Asuna. I'll come again soon."
I was then alerted to the sound of the doors sliding open, and I turned my attention to the two men entering the ward.
"Oh, Kirigaya-kun. I apologize for this disturbance."
An older man stood before him with a calm facial expression, returning the card in his hand to his pocket. From his physique and appearance, he looked to be a spirited and confident man, but sported grey hair that was the result of two years of worrying about his daughter. This was Asuna's father, Yuuki Shouzou. I had learned from Asuna previously that her father was an entrepreneur, but that did nothing to curtail my surprise upon learning he was the CEO of the electronics company «RECTO».
I bowed my head slightly and spoke.
"Hello. Sorry to interrupt, Yuuki-san."
"It's nothing, it's nothing. Having you always come here like this, I should be the one apologizing. I'm sure that child would also be most pleased."
He walked to Asuna's pillow, absently stroking her hair as he gazed sadly at Asuna's face. A moment later, he introduced me to the man standing behind him.
"This is someone new. He's the director of our research institute, Sugou-kun."
My first impression of him was a positive one. He was tall, wearing a dark gray suit, with a pair of yellow framed glasses balanced on the bridge of his nose. His eyes hid behind its thin lenses, and his perpetual smile completed the image. I imagined he was barely past his 30s.
He stretched out his hand and said:
"It's nice to meet you. I am Sugou Nobuyuki. You must be that hero Kirigaya-kun."
"Kirigaya Kazuto. Nice to meet you."
I shook Sugou's hand and turned my head to glance in Yuuki Shouzou's direction, his hand supporting his slightly down-turned head.
"About that, sorry. SAO's servers have already been shut down. This incident is almost like something you'd see on TV. He's my most trusted son. For some time now, he hasn't had contact with the family."
"President, this matter is—"
Sugou loosened his hand, turning to Shouzou to speak.
"Next month, I want to clearly tell everyone."
"Is that so? But is it really ok? You're still quite young, your life has barely begun..."
"My mind is made up. I want to take advantage of this time when Asuna is still beautiful...and have her wear a bridal gown."
"It seems that you have thought this through."
"With that, I take my leave. See you again Kirigaya-kun."
He nodded his head, turned around and walked out the door, closing the door behind him. The only males left in the room were Sugou and I.
Sugou Nobuyuki slowly moved to the bedside, standing opposite to me. He stroked Asuna's chestnut hair, making noises as his left hand trailed through her hair. It filled me with a sense of disgust.
"When you were in the game, you lived with Asuna, didn't you?" Nobuyuki-san said.
"...uhm.."
"In that case, our relationship might be slightly complicated."
Sugou looked up, and we made eye contact. At that moment, I realized that my impression of this man couldn't have been further from the truth.
Through his thin glasses, his small pupils gave one the impression of sanpaku[6], lips curled in a smile. These together gave off a feeling of cold callousness. Cold sweat ran down my back.
"About what I just said..."
Sugou gave off a bored smile.
"That is, Asuna's marriage to me."
I couldn't utter a word. What did he just say? Sugou's remark enveloped my body like a burst of cold. After a few moments of dead silence, I managed to spit out, "Do you think I'd possibly let you get away with that?"
"Oh, most certainly. To receive her approval in this sort of circumstance would be quite impossible. On paper, I'm an adopted son of the Yuuki family. In reality, however, she's hated me for some time now."
Sugou's fingers neared Asuna's lips.
"Stop!"
I subconsciously grabbed Sugou's hand, pulling him away from Asuna's face.
Shouting now, I screamed, "You bastard...you dare exploit Asuna's condition?!"
"Exploit? No no, this is well within limits. Honestly, Kirigaya-kun. Do you know what happened to SAO's company, «Argus»?"
"I heard they broke up."
"Correct. Development costs, along with the damages all put them in debt, and the company eventually went bankrupt. Therefore, the SAO server maintenance is now under the responsibility of RECTO's FullDive technology department. Specifically, my department."
From the other side of the bed, Sugou turned to look at me. Revealing a demonic smile, he inched nearer to Asuna's cheek.
"That is to say, she is still alive because I permit it. Therefore, don't you think I should be compensated for my troubles? Am I wrong?"
Hearing this only strengthened my conviction.
This man wanted to exploit Asuna's situation, to use her life to fulfill his ambitions.
Turning and standing, looking contemptuously at me, the smile disappeared from his face. In any icy tone, he spoke once more.
"I don't know what happened between you and Asuna in the game, but I want you out of her life from now on. I hope you don't make any future contact with Yuuki and her family."
I clenched my fists, angry at my inability to do anything. I felt so helpless.
Several moments of silence passed by. Then, Sugou said with a mocking tone:
"The wedding ceremony will be held next week right here in this very ward. I hope you'll come. Cherish this last meeting of yours, Hero-kun"
I wanted a sword. I'd pierce his heart, slice his neck. I don't know if he felt some sense of my inner turmoil, but he patted my shoulder, turned and curtly left the room.

When I got home, the memory of our encounter still burned fresh in my mind. I lay on my bed and stared at the wall in a stupor.
"That is, Asuna's marriage to me."
"She is still alive because I permit it."
My meeting with Sugou played over and over in my head, like a movie stuck in a loop. My heart felt like a red hot lump of twisted metal.
But?? This all might just have been because a strong sense of self-consciousness.
Sugou is the person who has always been the closest to the Yuuki family. This was also the reason he was able to become Asuna's fiancé. Trusted deeply by Yuuki Shouzou, he also held great responsibility in RECTO. Asuna was probably arranged to marry this man long before we met in Aincrad. Compared to him, our time together was probably nothing more than an illusion. The indignity of having to give Asuna over to that man's whims, which were at best, like the caprice of a small child.
To us, the floating city of Aincrad was the real world. The vows we had exchanged there, the words, all glittered with the brilliance of a gem.
"I want to remain by Kirito's side forever??"
Asuna's words and smile slowly slipped away.
"I'm sorry...I'm sorry, Asuna...I...can't do anything..."
Tears of sadness slid down my face, potsu, potsu, onto the top of my clenched fist.

* * *

"Onii-chan, the bathroom's free!"
Suguha yelled at Kazuto's room, located on the second floor, but there was no response.
That evening, after returning from the hospital, Kazuto had locked himself in his room, not coming down even for dinner.
Suguha placed her hand on the doorknob, but hesitated. If he hadn't gone straight to sleep then perhaps he'd caught a cold, she reasoned, adding strength as she turned the handle.
Kacha~. The door opened revealing a darkened room.
He must be sleeping, she thought, and as she turned to leave the room, a gust of cold air blew in, making her shiver. The windows seemed to be open. There really doesn't seem to be any other way, she thought, shaking her head.
She tip-toed softly across the room, making her way toward the window...only to find her brother curled up on the bed, wide awake.
"Ah, Onii-chan, I'm sorry. I thought you were asleep," was Suguha's bewildered response.
After a few moments of silence, Kazuto replied in a voice devoid of emotion, "Sorry, but could you leave me alone?"
"But, but, the room was so cold..."
Suguha reached out and took Kazuto's hands in her own. They felt as cold as ice.
"This isn't good. Your hands are frozen; you'll catch a cold like this. Hurry up and take a shower."
Some light filtered in through the curtains from a street-lamp, alighting on Kazuto's face. At this moment, Suguha understood something had happened to her brother.
"What happened?"
"Nothing."
His reply was but a choked whisper.
"But..."
Without waiting for her to finish, he buried his face in his hands. Hiding himself from Suguha, and with a hint of self-loathing, he said, "I really am useless. It wasn't so long ago that I swore to never again say such defeatist words..."
Halfway through his words, Suguha had already understood what had happened. Speaking in a trembling, quiet voice, she asked, "That person...Asuna-san...just what happened?"
Kazuto's body tensed. In a low voice, filled with pain, he answered, "Asuna...has gone somewhere...somewhere far. A place...where my hands can't reach her... "
This time it was made clear to her. Watching Kazuto, crying like a child in front of her, Suguha's heart was touched.
She closed the window, drew the curtains, turned on the air conditioner, and sat down at his side. She hesitated for a moment, before taking his cold hands in hers again. Kazuto's curled body relaxed in an instant.
Suguha whispered in his ear.
"Cheer up. If she really is the person you love, you shouldn't give up so easily. "
These words did not come easily, and speaking them, her heart felt like it had been cut with a sword. A feeling from deep within her heart gave rise to this pain. I like Kazuto onii-chan, was the feeling that strongly came to Suguha at this time.
??Me too. I can't lie to myself anymore.
Suguha supported her brother, gently lowering him onto his bed. Taking hold of his bed-covers, she tenderly pulled them over his body.
How long she held him, she didn't know, but Kazuto's muffled cries had become the peaceful sound of sleep. Suguha closed her eyes, her heart quietly whispering to itself.
—My only choice is to give up. All I can do is bury this feeling, deep, deep within.
Because within Kazuto's heart, she's already there.
Tears silently flowed down Suguha's cheeks, then onto the bed-covers, before quickly disappearing entirely.

* * *

My sweet, gentle sleep was broken by a sudden burst of warmth.
I wasn't yet fully awake, but there was an odd warmth floating over me, like sunlight through tree branches, caressing my cheek.
I kept my eyes closed and embrace the girl sleeping next to me. We were close enough for me to feel her breath, so I opened my eyes a little to—
"Uwwah!?"
I uttered a cry, and jumped back about fifty centimeters. My body sprung up to a sitting position, and quickly looked around.
This is what I've always seen in my dreams. Aincrad, twenty-second floor of the forest home – impossible. Parts of reality are here, my room and my bed. However, apart from me, there is another person.
I was speechless. Fully awake, I quickly got up and set the blanket back in place. With her short black hair, her prominent eyebrows, Suguha lay in her pajamas, asleep on my pillow.
"How...how is this..."
After some careful thinking, I finally remembered what happened last night. That's right, last night after returning from the hospital, it seems I had some words with Suguha. Amid despair and pain which had brought me to tears, she'd comforted me, and eventually, I'd fallen asleep.
"Honestly, just like a child."
After feeling a bit shameful, I looked over at Suguha, fast asleep. She shouldn't be doing this.
I suddenly remembered that something similar to this happened in 'that' world. Suguha is very similar to that beast tamer girl I encountered around the fortieth floor. She, too, crept into my bed, which gave me similar troubles.
I smiled as I remembered. My encounter with Asuna and Sugou Nobuyuki continued to fill me with concern, but the piercing pain in my heart slowly disappeared last night.
My memories in that world – the floating city of Aincrad – are important treasures to me. Happy memories, sad memories — too many to count — but all of those memories are real, and I will not treat them otherwise, including the agreement between Asuna and I to meet together in this world once again. There must be something I can do.
Just as I was thinking that, from before me, Suguha's murmured sleep-talk entered my ears.
"Giving up...is not allowed..."
"What you said is absolutely right," I whispered back. Then, sitting up, I poked Suguha's face with my finger.
"Hey, wake up. It's morning already."
"Hmmph."
She let out a dissatisfied groan. I reached under the blankets and pinched her cheeks.
"Get up, it's already pretty late."
Suguha finally opened her eyes.
"Ah. Good morning, Onii-chan," she mumbled, as she lazily climbed up out of the blankets.
Then, she looked at me with surprise and quickly glanced around the room. Her half-closed, sleepy eyes suddenly opened wide and her cheeks flushed red.
"Ah! Um, I..."
Her ears turned red, her body stiff, and she suddenly jumped up and ran from the room as fast as she could.
"Honestly."
I shook my head and stood up to open the window, taking a deep breath of cold air to drive the fatigue away.
«News» arrived as I grabbed a change of clothes to take a bath.
There was an electronic-sounding tone and I could see the e-mail alert flashing, so I sat down and played around with the EL terminal.
Since the past two years I've been asleep, the computer's structure has undergone many changes. The nice, old HDD (Hard Disk Drive) disappeared without a trace, and was replaced with the more modern SSD (Solid Storage Drive), which has become the new standard and does not produce ultra-high volatile MRAM. There is no lag time during transfer; it happens instantaneously. The e-mail sent has been updated, and the name under 'sender' is «Agil».
On the 50th floor of the main block of Aincrad lived Agil, the owner of the grocery store in 'Algade.' We'd met for the first time on the 20th in Tokyo and exchanged e-mail addresses, but this would be our first time actually contacting one another. The message title read, "LOOK AT THIS." When I opened it, there was no text, only a single attached image.
I scrolled down and opened the picture on the monitor, then stared closely at the image being displayed.
The composition was incredible. You could see from the characteristic color and light that it was obviously not the real world but rather a computer generated, illusionary world. In the picture's foreground stood a golden cage with a white table and a white chair. A girl, draped in a white gown sat within. Looking carefully through the cage at her face—
"Asuna!?"
The image was very rough, but that girl, with her long chestnut hair was undoubtedly Asuna, her face desolate and her hands folded on the table. A closer look showed transparent wings stretched out behind her.
I grabbed the phone off the table, and hurriedly dialed in the number I found in the phone book. The ringing must have lasted but a few seconds, but it felt like hours. Finally, the line connected and a deep voice answered the phone.
"Hello—"
"Hey!! What was that picture all about!?"
"Look, Kirito, at least introduce yourself first ."
"I don't have the time! Hurry up and tell me!!"
"It's a long story. Can you come over?"
"Right away. I'll be there right away."
Not bothering to wait for a reply, I hung up the phone and grabbed a change of clothes. I have never showered, dried my hair and worn my shoes so quickly in my life, and in no time I was on my bike heading out. Nor has this road ever seemed so long, even though I have used it countless times.

Agil's café and bar business is located in Taito Okachimachi. I soon saw the black dashboard and metal sign decorated with two dice, thus the name, «Dicey Café».
I opened the door and was met with the ringing sound of the bell on the door. The bald man at the counter looked up at me and laughed. Not a customer to be seen.
"Oh, you're quite fast."
"Business is poor as usual. Just how on earth did it survive these last two years?"
"Sure it's slow now, but it picks up during the night."
The lighthearted conversation calms me a little, as if I were back in that world.
Our meeting was something that had happened at the end of last month. At the time, I'd received the real names and addresses of certain players from members of the Ministry of Internal Affairs. Klein, Nishida, Silica, and Lisbeth, among others. Even though there were many players I wanted to see again, but they'd all returned to the real world, and keeping in touch was a difficult thing. The first place I visited would be this store.
"So, what is it you want me to tell you!?"
The store's owner looked a little unhappy.
His real name is Andrew Gilbert Mills. I find it awesome that he runs a shop in the real world as well.
Although African-American by ethnicity, his parents took a liking to Japan, and he opened his coffee shop-bar here, in Okachimachi at the age of 25. Moreover, from among his customers, he'd found a beautiful, virtuous wife. Afterwards, he too, had been trapped in the world of SAO for two years. Upon returning, the shop he'd fully expected to have closed long ago had been saved by his wife's efforts. Truly a touching story.
To be truthful, it's odd that there weren't many customers. The shop had a compact layout, with but four chairs and a counter, a bright and colorful place that was both attractive and relaxing.
I sat on a leather stool, ordered a cup of coffee and started questioning Agil about the picture.
"So, what's the deal with that picture?"
The store's manager didn't answer right away. Instead, I watched as he brought out a rectangular package from under the counter, and pushed it to me.
The packaging was clearly that of game software. I took particular notice of the clear print «Amusphere» on the upper right corner.
"I haven't heard of this kind of hardware before."
"«AmuSphere». It came out while we were still in that world. It's the next generation of FullDive technology, Nerve Gear's successor."
As I looked at the logo with mixed feelings, Agil gave a simple explanation.
After the incident, Nerve Gear was dubbed 'a devil's machine', and so no manufacturer dared to involve themselves in the FullDive genre of gaming technology. However, 6 months after the SAO incident, a new company was founded, with a slogan of "absolute security." It released the Nerve Gear successor models, and as we were trapped in Aincrad at the time, we had no knowledge of this.
That helped me understand the situation a little better, but because I didn't pay too much attention to games following what had happened, I still didn't have a clear understanding of things.
"So, this is a VRMMO as well?"
I held it in my hand and carefully inspected it. The picture showed a deep forest with the full moon hanging high, in front of it a girl clad in fantasy garb. Sword in hand, she flew through the sky on a pair of transparent wings. Below the illustration, a heading – «ALfheim Online».
"ALfheim...Online? What does that mean?"
"Just as the name sounds. It means 'Elf Home.'"
"Elf? I'm still a little unclear. This game isn't very serious, is it?"
"That, huh, maybe so. I've heard it's quite difficult, though."
Agil placed a steaming cup of coffee in front of me, laughing. I raised up the cup, enjoying the fragrance, as I continued to question him.
"What's the difficulty like?"
"The SKILL system is on Extreme, and the game focuses on the player's skills. PKing is encouraged."
"Extreme...?"
"«Levels» don't exist anymore in this game. All skills will only increase in level through repetition. The battle system relies on the player's athletic ability, instead of Sword Skills like in SAO. But regardless of these minor differences, the technology is pretty much the same as SAO."
"Ah. That does sound pretty impressive."
I let out an appreciative whistle. The creation of Floating City Aincrad had taken the full efforts of that mad genius Akihiko Kayaba. That someone else could create a VR world of the same degree is a little hard to believe.
"PKing is encouraged?"
"At creation, players can select from a variety of fairy races, and it is only between opposing races that this is possible."
"That's ridiculously difficult. Regardless of the high level of technology, it feels more like it was made for fanatic gamers. I doubt it would be very popular," I said with a frown.
As Agil listened to me, he dropped his serious look and smiled.
"I used to think that way too, but now I'm thinking it'll be very popular with the current crowd, the main reason being that in this game, you have the ability to «Fly»."
"Fly...?"
"With fairy wings. Unlike previous games, the controller is equipped with a flight engine, enabling users to fly freely."
I've never thought on the possibilities of flight before. After Nerve Gear was developed, many VR flying games were developed, but those were all controlled through vehicular control. Flight through human means was not introduced simply because the player would have no experience flying and therefore be unable to control the power of flight.
In these imaginary worlds, the things a player can do are the same as those you can do in the real world. Conversely, those things that real world humans can't do here, they can't do there either. Sprouting wings is no difficult task, but the muscle movement associated with moving said wings isn't nearly as simple.
In SAO, Asuna and I had incredible jumping ability, through which we could imitate flight, but this and free flight are still inherently worlds apart.
"This whole concept of flying is amazing and all, but how exactly does it work?"
"Who knows, but it's gotta be real troublesome. For starters, you have to operate it with a one-hand joystick controller."
"..."
All of a sudden, I had the desire to challenge this game, but it immediately left me, and I returned to sipping my coffee.
"Alright. I have a broad idea of what the game's like now. Back to the main topic, what's the case with this picture?"
Agil brought a piece of paper out from under the counter, placing it in front of me. It was specifically for photos.
"What do you see?"
After hearing his question, I stared at the picture for a bit, before finally answering.
"So similar...to Asuna..."
"Figures you'd think the same way. It's a game screenshot, the resolution is pretty bad."
"Hurry up and explain."
"That's a screenshot from this game, ALfheim Online."
Agil handed me the game and pictures. There was a screenshot of the game, with an overview of the world map as well as territories, and in the central area was a giant tree.
"This is the World Tree, or Yggdrasil."
Agil pointed to the tree.
"The goal of players is to be the first race to reach the city atop this tree."
"Are you not allowed to simply fly up, then?"
"Regardless of how much endurance and stamina they have for flight, it's not without limits. To even reach the lowest of these branches is already impossible. However, there are still people who come up with crazy ideas, such as a group of five people who use their flight like a multi-stage rocket that propels themselves up."
"Hahaha, is that so. Even if you call it a crazy idea, it's still quite creative."
"Ah, apparently it was a success. However, the branches were very weak, and so their accomplishment can only be regarded as so much. To prove that they managed to do this, they took a lot of photos as evidence. One of them was of a cage hanging from a huge tree branch."
"Birdcage..."
My words carried with them an indescribable feeling, which caused my brow to furrow. To be trapped...this thought immediately entered my mind.
"This photograph was taken just as they reached it."
"But why is Asuna there?"
I picked up the game again, and stared at it.
I focused on the print on the bottom of the box. «RECTO Progress».
"What's the matter, Kirito? Your face is a little pale."
"Nothing... No other pictures? For example, «others from SAO», besides Asuna, who have yet to return?"
At my question, the manager frowned deeply and shook his head.
"No, though I've heard things to that effect. But these pictures from «ALfheim Online» can't be used to explain anything. Don't go cry wolf just because of this."
"Yeah, I know."
I looked down, thinking of what that man — Sugou Nobuyuki — had said to me.
The manager of the SAO's servers was now him, he had definitely said. Speaking of which, he'd mentioned that the servers were like a black box, and couldn't be manipulated externally. At the time, it'd made sense to me.
However, if Asuna continued to sleep, this would be quite favorable for him. Moreover, a girl who looked just like Asuna was trapped in a VRMMO designed by none other than a RECTO subsidiary. There's no way it's just coincidence.
I considered contacting the Ministry of Internal Affairs, but immediately changed my mind. My concerns would be too vague, and I had no concrete evidence.
I looked up, facing him.
"Agil, can I have this?"
"No problem...You want to go take a look?"
"Yes, I want to confirm this myself."
For the first time, Agil let himself show a doubtful expression. We both understood the dangers of VR.
I shrugged my arms, and laughed.
"I guess if I want to try this I'll have to buy the new console."
"Nerve Gear can run it as well. AmuSphere is simply a version with enhanced performance."
"That's really great."
I shrugged. Agil let out a slight smile.
"Well, this isn't the first time you've rescued someone who's trapped in her own consciousness."
"It does not matter how many times she is trapped or imprisoned or how many times I have to do this."
And that was it. Asuna and I hadn't had any other contact except through the Internet via Nerve Gear. Neither voice nor letter had I received.
But those days of waiting were over. Finishing my coffee in one go, I stood. Agil's counter was old fashioned, similar to his shop in SAO, completely devoid of any electronic cash registers and the like. I fished out several coins and placed them on the counter.
"Then I'll head back now. Thank you for having me, and for the information."
"You can pay me back in other ways for the information. You must rescue Asuna, so we can finally put an end to all of this."
"That's right. One day, this will be over."
I hit my palm with my fist. Then I opened the door, and left.

* * *

Suguha lay on her bed, before rolling over to bury her face in her pillow, kicking her bed for a few minutes.
It was already noon, but she was still wearing pajamas. Today is Monday, January 20th, and winter vacation is already over, but Suguha, in her third semester of her third year of middle school can attend as she likes. For that reason, she attends only to show her face at her kendo club.
Right now her mind was replaying that memory over and over, and she had already lost track of how many times it had repeated. Last night — in order to warm the frozen Kazuto, she'd burrowed under the covers with him, their bodies inseparably close before falling asleep together. It had taken a mere ten seconds before sleep came, and her weak constitution was now a cause for regret.
"...I'm an idiot! Idiot! Idiot!" she screamed inwardly as she pounded on her pillow with her fists.
At least I could have woken up before him and slipped out, but he woke up first, how can I even look at him now?
Her feelings of shame and embarrassment mixed with her hidden feelings of love, and the stabbing pain in her chest refused to let her breathe. She covered her face with her hands, and suddenly realized that her pajamas still held her brother's scent, causing another deep throb within her heart.
Anyway, swinging a shinai will wipe it all away, she determined, rising to her feet. In her nervousness, she wasn't sure if it was better to wear her dogi, or casual clothes, but she quickly changed and went into the courtyard to practice.
Kazuto was out somewhere today — she didn't know where exactly, and her mother, Midori, always left for work before noon. Her father, Minetaka, had returned to America just after the new year, leaving Suguha alone at home. From the stand on the first floor breakfast table, she grabbed a cheese muffin, stuffing it in her mouth in an extremely unladylike gesture, while her other hand grabbed a pouch of orange juice, before sitting briefly in the hallway.
Just as she'd taken a huge bite, Kazuto appeared in the entrance hall, pushing his bike and catching her gaze.
"Guu!!"
A piece of the muffin lodged in her throat, and she frantically waved her right hand to drink from her juice — only to realize the straw was missing.
"Uahh, guu~~!"
"Oi oi"
Kazuto ran to Suguha's side, grabbing the juice and quickly inserting the straw before holding it to her mouth. Desperately sucking in the cold liquid, she was finally able to swallow the trapped piece of food.
"Uah! Dead...This time I thought I was dead for sure."
"What an impatient girl! Don't you know you should eat a little more slowly?"
"Mmm ~"
Embarrassed, she lowered her head to look at her feet. Kazuto sat down beside her, bent down and began to untie his shoelaces. In Suguha's peripheral vision, she watched Kazuto's profile, once again biting her muffin. At just that moment, he suddenly spoke,
"Right, Sugu, about last night..."
Suguha suddenly choked, and hurriedly drank a mouthful of juice.
"Y-Yes?"
"So um, that is...Thank you!"
"Eh...?"
Hearing these unexpected words, Suguha could only stare at Kazuto.
"Thanks to you, my spirit has been restored. I, won't give up. I'll definitely save her, and bring her to meet you."
Suguha, enduring the pain in her heart, smiled and answered, "Mm. Do your best! I, too, would like to meet Asuna-san."
"You two would get along very well."
Kazuto patted Suguha on the head and then stood.
"So, see you later."
With that, Kirito started to run up to the second floor, and seeing him go past, Suguha popped the last bit of her muffin into her mouth.
??Do your best...to me too...?
Reaching the pool in the courtyard, Suguha began suburi[7]. Holding her shinai, she began to move in what could almost be called a dance, and slowly began to warm up her body.
In the past, swinging her shinai was all she needed to clear her mind, but today was decidedly different. What was on her mind seemed impossible to erase, and was now firmly entrenched in place.
??Me liking Onii-chan...is that really ok?
Last night, because of such thoughts, she'd already determined to give up. Deep within Onii-chan's heart is only that person; this she clearly understood, but that did nothing for the pain.
??But...maybe it's better this way.
She was divided, conflicted even, unclear as to why she had become so conscious of Kazuto. She, however, was very clear as to when it had begun.
Two months prior, her mother was contacted by the hospital, and she flew to the hospital without a moment's hesitation, to lean by Kazuto's side, eyes brimming with tears and smile bright with gladness. Kazuto reached out his hand, responding with a nostalgic tone. Beginning with that moment, a feeling began to sprout in Suguha's heart. I want to be closer to him, I want to speak more with him, I want to throw myself at him, but this, of course, could not be.
Just staying by his side and watching him is fine as well, Suguha assured herself, as she began swinging her shinai once more. She lost herself in practice and didn't realize how much time had passed until she stopped to look at the clock, only to see that noon had already crept upon her.
"Ah, I can't go on like this. I've got someone to meet."
Ceasing her empty swings, she placed her shinai against the side of a nearby pine tree, and picked up her towel to wipe off her sweat. As she raised her head to gaze at the sky, the blue sky peeked through the clouds.

* * *

I went back to my room, changed, and turned my phone to vibrate. I sat on the bed and opened my backpack, and took out the game that Agil had given me.
«ALfheim Online».
I hadn't heard very much, so I read the information booklet. Originally, prior to playing a MMORPG, I would collect information through a number of magazines and forums, but this time I didn't even hesitate. I opened the game packaging and took out the ROM inside. I plugged the Nerve Gear router in, and inserted the ROM into its slot. After a few seconds, the main indicator light stopped flashing, turning solid instead.
Sitting by my bedside, I placed the Nerve Gear over my eyes with both hands.
The formerly shiny Nerve Gear was now slightly damaged, and paint was peeling in several places. For two years, it had been simultaneously my captor as well as an ever-reliable comrade-in-arms.
??Once again, please lend me strength.
With that in mind, I put the Nerve Gear on my head and buckled the chin strap. With the frame in place and the goggles down, I closed my eyes.
Anxiety and excitement caused my heart to beat rapidly, as I tried to slow my racing heartbeat, I said, "LINK START!"

The light passing through my closed eyelids suddenly disappeared. The transmission from my optic nerves was suddenly severed, and my eyes were enveloped by darkness.
Immediately, a rainbow-colored light appeared, and a shapeless «Nerve Gear» gradually formed into a logo. The images, which were initially hazy, were for the purpose of confirming the connection to my visual cortex. Eventually, a line of text appeared below the logo to confirm that the visual connection was OK.
Next came the sound test, and multiple strange sounds resonated. The sounds which were initially distorted slowly became beautiful and changed in pitch and harmony, before gradually decreasing in volume and eventually dying away. When this was complete, a line of text appeared to confirm that the auditory nerve connection was similarly OK.
The initial connection procedure continued. Now moving to the feeling of touch and gravity, the feeling of my bed and weight disappeared. As the connection tests continued with various senses, the number of OKs indicated the successful connection. If FULLDIVE technology had improved, then this process should be shortened dramatically, and all I could do was wait for it to finish.
At last, the final OK appeared, and the next instant brought me falling through the darkness into the colors of a rainbow, an illusion of the world. After passing through this series of rings, I had arrived in a different world.
??Actually, it's still a little early to say that. Out of the darkness emerged an account registration interface. The main ALfheim Online LOGO gradually appeared, accompanied by a soft female voice.
Following the instructions given, I began creating my account and character. At chest height was a pale and shiny virtual keyboard and I entered a User ID and password as prompted. I had many years of experience before beginning SAO, so this process was of some familiarity to me. Since this is a downloadable MMO game, I would normally need to select the payment method, but I had bought this game and it came with a one month free trial.
Next I chose the nickname for my character. I didn't put much thought into it, but entered the name «Kirito».
This name was a shortened form of my real name, Kirigaya Kazuto, and there weren't many who knew that. Those who understood included only the rescue team from the Ministry of Internal Affairs, and those with a close connection, i.e. RECTO's president Yuuki Shouzou and that Sugou. Of course, that also included Agil and Asuna, who had yet to wake. Even Suguha and our parents shouldn't know of it.
In the SAO incident, none of this information had been made public, especially character names. This was because in that world there was frequent fighting between players and the result was often a horrible death in the real world. If unrestricted publication of this information was allowed, it would not be difficult to imagine a large number of lawsuits being filed.
At the moment, the blame for the SAO killings was entirely placed on the head of Kayaba Akihiko, whose whereabouts are currently unknown. Relatives of players are still suing Argus for damages, the consequences of which have bankrupted said company. That is to say, while the company single-handedly supported by Kayaba voluntarily drew the curtain, the still unavoidable torrent of lawsuits was completely in line with the country's intentions.
With a bit of trepidation I realized the name was known to Sugou Nobuyuki, and because it is a rather well-known name I changed it from its romanized form to its kana form. My selected gender, of course, was male.
Then, the voice advised me to create my character. This is when the player can choose what their character will look like. The many parameters are randomly selected and the system doesn't explain how they can be changed. What bothered me was that an additional fee would be required to change my appearance. Whatever though, anything's fine.
There are nine different fairy races to choose from when deciding my character's role. Each race has its own strengths and weaknesses which can be explained before I need to choose. Salamanders, Sylphs and Gnomes are pretty common to RPGs, but Cait Siths and Leprechauns not so much.
I'm not planning on playing this game too seriously, so anything's fine with me. So because I liked its initial, black themed equipment, I selected the «Spriggan» and pressed OK.
After completing the initial setup, the artificial voice rang out saying "Good luck", I was again sent into the vortex of light. According to the voice, I was being sent to the hometown of my race, the Spriggans, as a starting point for the game. The sensation of the ground disappeared, to be replaced by a floating feeling, then by the feeling of tumbling into a new world. Bright light marked the transition, and the new world gradually emerged and gained depth. I was falling toward a village from high above in the darkness.
After two months of time away from FullDive, the stimulation once again aroused my nerves. In this manner, I slowly approached the slender castle at the center of the town??
At that moment.
The scene before my eyes suddenly froze. Defects appeared here and there as some of the polygons disappeared, and a noise like lightning could be heard throughout the world. The resolution of all objects sharply declined, mosaic-like, and the world dissolved and collapsed altogether.
"W?What on earth!?"
Not even the sound of my cry could be heard?? I began fiercely plummeting once again. With no end to the vast darkness, I descended toward the ground in continuous free fall.
"What do I do now?! AHHHHHHHH!"
My screams were absorbed into the darkness of the void before gradually disappearing.

Chapter 2
A huge moon hung in the cloudless sky, the forest below shaded blue-green in the moon's light.
ALfheim's night is very short, but there's still some time before dawn. Normally, such a dark forest would be a cause for concern, but it's that same darkness which makes retreat possible.
Lyfa, hidden in the shadow of a giant tree, raised her head to look at the starry sky. For the moment, there doen't seem to be any ominous presences in the sky. Lowering her voice as much as possible, she spoke to her nearby teammate, "When your wings recover, we'll take off immediately. Prepare yourself."
"Ah— but I'm still dizzy..."
Her partner answered in a very reluctant tone.
"You're still feeling sick? Don't you feel embarrassed? You ought to get used to it."
"Even if you say that, scary things are still scary..."
Lyfa sighed with frustration.
Squatting next to the tree was a teenage player named Recon, also Lyfa's friend in real life. They had started playing ALO —ALfheim ONLINE— together. In other words, he and Lyfa have played this game for almost a year. However, no matter how much time passes, Recon was still unable to overcome the feeling of vertigo while flying. In ALO, strength in air combat is the only measurement that matters, but after only one or two scuffles, he would already be exhausted. This made him somewhat unreliable.
Even though Recon was like this, Lyfa didn't hate that part of him. Or rather, it was more like she just couldn't ignore this "little brother" of hers. His appearance often exposed a delicate body with bobbed yellow-green hair, long ears which hung down toward the ground, and an expression that made you think he was just about to burst into tears. Although it was randomly generated, his appearance in game bore a close resemblance to reality. When Lyfa first saw him in game, she couldn't help but break into laughter.
For Recon as well, Lyfa looked too much like her real appearance. As a Sylph, she had well-defined, very neat eyebrows, beautiful eyes, and a slightly large-boned body for a member of her race.
Originally she had wanted a character that would be considered more «Graceful». Her current appearance was not only in keeping with this desire, but could also be considered extremely cute. However, she could be considered fortunate. Many people were not so lucky, and in order to be satisfied with their appearance they chose to pay additional fees to reconstruct their character. Compared to these people, Lyfa had absolutely nothing to complain about.
The additional payment did not affect a character's performance at all, but Recon had played around with his eyes until they matched his sense of aesthetics; he'd thought their balance was off.
Lyfa held Recon's equipped Blest Armor from the back and pulled. Looked at his four transparent wings surrounded by a thin green phosphorescence, indicating that he could fly again.
"Well, you can fly again. It's time to fly out of this forest."
"Eh ~ we'll definitely get chased again. Let's rest for a bit. Rest~"
"Naive!! There's only one Salamander there who's any good. If we're careful, we won't be seen. Neither of us can afford another air battle, so just bite the bullet and fly!"
"Ohh..."
Recon reluctantly answered, holding his left hand up in the air. A translucent joystick —the remote control used for flight— appeared in his hand. The front-end held a small ball; this was ALO's assisted flight controller. As Recon pulled the controller toward himself, four wings extended to the sides, growing brighter as they lengthened.
After seeing this, Lyfa began extending her own wings, flapping them two or three times. She did not use the control stick. This was a high level skill called «Voluntary Flight», proof that the user was a first-class warrior in ALO.
"Well let's get out of here!!" Lyfa whispered.
As her wings fully extended themselves, she kicked off the ground, racing toward the moon. Her field of vision gradually widened until she saw all of ALfheim stretched out before her, offering the sense of endless freedom.
"Ah..."
Flying toward distant heights, Lyfa gave a cry of joy. What she felt now was irreplaceable. She let out a whoop. Since ancient times, man has had the desire to fly like a bird. This had finally become a reality in this fantasy world.
The flight time limit set by the system was the only thing that marred this experience. To fly as freely as the heart desires would be worth paying any price.
Originally, this was the wish of all players fighting in ALfheim: to reach the top of «Yggdrasil» before any of the other races and enter the legendary aerial city. There, one would transform into a real fairy, «ALF», lift the time limit on flight, and become the ruler of a truly infinite sky.
Lyfa had no desire to acquire rare items or increase her status. The reason she fought in this world was for just this one thing.
Lyfa aimed toward the full golden moon which had not quite set, using her glass-like wings. Particles of light scattered behind her like a comet dragging a green tail through the night sky.

"Ly, Lyfa-chan~ Waaaaait for me~"
—Weak sounds from below called Lyfa's attention back to reality. She stopped and looked down; clutching his controller, Recon is desperately chasing after her. The maximum flight speed is relatively low when using system assistance, and if Lyfa were serious, Recon would never be able to catch up.
"Hurry it up! Do your best!"
Lyfa spread her wings and hovered while waiting for Recon. Raising her head to look at her surroundings, in the distance, at the far end of a sea of trees, she saw Yggdrasil, towering above the darkness. From this fixed point, even the direction of Sylph territory can be more or less determined.
When Recon reached just about the same height, Lyfa matched his speed as they flew together.
Recon flying by her side, showed an expression of great reluctance and spoke, "High, somewhat too high, right?"
"You don't find the high altitude pleasing? If your wings are tired, we can always glide."
"The second she starts to fly, her personality changes..."
"What did you say?"
"No- no. Nothing!."
Recon quickly shut his mouth as they headed for the southwest area of ALfheim, that is, Sylph territory.

Earlier today, Lyfa had formed a party with four reliable, like-minded players and travelled to a dungeon area in the northeastern neutral territory. Fortunately, they were able to hunt without encountering any other teams, so the harvest was very fruitful, and they acquired a great deal of money and items. Upon preparing to return to Sylph territory, however, they were ambushed by a party of eight Salamanders.
There is fighting between different races in ALO, but it is uncommon to run into large groups of bandit players who band together and rob other players. Today's ambush was especially strange, considering it was a weekday afternoon in the real world. They didn't expect that they'd be attacked, particularly not on such a large scale... They'd been careless.
While fleeing, they had engaged twice in mid-flight team battles «AIR RAIDs», during which both sides had lost three men. They'd started off with fewer people, and now only Lyfa and Recon were left. Taking advantage of the fact that Sylphs' flight speed was greater than that of the Salamanders', they'd managed to avoid capture, and make headway toward Sylph territory. However, because of vertigo experienced during two consecutive battles, Recon became seriously disoriented and they had not been able to reach Sylph territory. Instead, they had hidden in the forest to give Recon time to recover. Just as Lyfa lost all sense of tension, and turned back to the forest behind her—
From underneath the side by side growth of dark green trees, flashed a point of orange light.
"Recon, dodge!!" Lyfa cried, swinging rapidly to the left. Immediately after, from the ground, three vicious lines of fire shot forth, passing through the gaps left by the leaves of the tree.
Fortunately, they were flying much higher, and the long trail of a fire-ray stopped just short of them, and disappeared into the night sky.
There wasn't any time to appreciate how close things had been, though. The attack magic released earlier from within the sea of trees caught the attention of the other pursuers, and five red and black shadows were rapidly approaching.
"Damn it, how stubborn!!"
Lyfa complained and looked northwest. She still had yet to catch a glimpse of the light of the Tower of Wind, standing in the center of Sylph land.
"There's no way around it! Get ready to fight!" Lyfa called, pulling a curved longsword from around her waist.
"Uwah, don't!"
Recon cried as he took out his daggers and positioned himself.
"There are five enemies. There is no way to win, but I won't give up so easily! If I pull out all the stops, I can take at least one with me."
"That really is the right way to look at it."
"Occasionally, I also want you to see my good side."
Recon moved his shoulders slightly. Lyfa's face tensed, and she assumed a diving posture. Tightening her body, she circled once before shooting downwards, her wings bent at a sharp angle. To the Salamanders, in V-formation, this move simply seems unplanned.
Even among veteran ALO players, online from the beginning, the experienced, well-equipped Lyfa has only suffered defeat for two reasons: numerical superiority and the recently devised Salamander formations. At the expense of mobility, they equip heavy armor and lances and take advantage of the extra weight to perform powerful thrusting attacks. Facing an onslaught of so many lances is like staring down a ferocious wave. The Sylphs' advantage is in their lightweight, agile movements, but for them to fight a protracted battle is difficult.
But Lyfa, having fought this enemy twice already today, roughly understands the flaw in their style. With courage born from desperation, Lyfa dove fearlessly at the vanguard of the enemy group. She closed the distance in practically no time, but all of her attention was focused on the razor sharp tip of the silver lance the enemy prepares to attack her with.
The Sylph's lunge issued a high-pitched screech even as the friction caused by the movement of the Salamander's gripped metal looses a discordant howl. The moment the two cross, the air rumbles in an explosive roar.
Lyfa gritted her teeth, and with a slight movement of her head, avoided the lance tip. She ignored the blazing heat where the lance grazed her cheek, and charged in, attacking the blood-red helmet with her sword.
"YAAAAAA!"
A straight thrust.
"Aaaaaah!!"
Taken by surprise, the enemy's eyes opened wide with dismay before disappearing behind a burst of yellow-green light created as a special effect. The ferocity of the attack caused the heavy armor of her opponent to shudder in response.
Unable to resist the blow, the enemy quickly plummeted toward the ground, and upon impact, received additional damage due to the weight of his armor, resulting in his HP decreasing by about 30%. Not a fatal blow, but due to the strong blow to the head, it's impossible for him to re-join the formation. Lyfa immediately switched targets, heart crying in hope.
—It's here!!
With the heavy assault tactics the enemy uses, their weakness is that when their formation is broken it takes time to get reorganized. While the four remaining Salamanders were unsure about what to do, Lyfa stretched her wings as far as possible and forcibly moved left.
This made her body groan in pain because of the forced movement and excess friction. Lyfa endured the pain. In order to rotate as quickly as possible, she beat her right wing strongly while braking with her left wing. Using such an absurd action she quickly brought the next enemy into her sights.
The targeted Salamander, despite recognizing her intent, couldn't possibly hope to match that movement. Her turn completed, Lyfa's sword struck the Salamander.
The enemy on the left side took the blow perfectly, further disrupting their formation.
—If this continues, we can do it!
Of the five enemies, only the leader, dispatched just a moment ago, was capable of "Voluntary Flight;" the rest can only use the secondary flight controllers. Since Lyfa is using "Voluntary Flight", her agility greatly exceeds the Salamanders during melee combat.
At this point she was searching for Recon, who was fighting the Salamander on the right. Despite an unreliable appearance, he is also a veteran player. In close combat, his ability with his daggers is something to be reckoned with.
Lyfa, with longsword in hand, brought her attention back to the enemy she was targeting, and continued to deal precision damage. This might just work, she thought. The only element that made her uneasy was the previous magical attack. That fire magic meant that among the five, at least one of the Salamanders was a Mage. The possibility exists that among these metal armor-clad five all have some magic ability, that is to say, they might all be magic swordsmen. Even if the level of their magic was rather low, its power was still quite fierce. In accordance with the common sense of formations, the mage is probably arranged on either the right or left flank, Lyfa thought. In other words, the person she should now defeat is the seemingly frail opponent currently engaging Recon. At this distance, he shouldn't have sufficient time to cast any spells. So, if we can just take down those two, the survivors can be easily be dispatched in 5 minutes.
"Yaaaa!!"
Lyfa once more delivered a two-handed strike she could be proud of. Beautifully wounding her opponent's shoulder, his already red HP reduced even further.
"Damn!!"
Her enemy screamed curses even as his body was wrapped in crimson flame. Accompanied by the sound of burning, his body turned to ash before spreading to the four winds, leaving behind only a small red flame. This flame is called «Remain Light», after it had disappeared, resurrection spells and items could be used. However, after one minute in this state, the player was automatically returned to the hometown of their race and brought back to life.
Lyfa shook off this thought and focused on the next enemy. The remaining three have slightly dull movements. They seem inexperienced in the use of a lance, and are very slow in close quarters combat. Watching them continue to execute extremely lame and slow surprise attacks, Lyfa, who can see through it all, feels their efforts were wasted. Attention drawn again to the other side, Recon was almost run through. His HP had been reduced somewhat, but not to the extent of needing recovery magic. At this rate, even with the overwhelming disadvantage of five vs. two, it is possible to win. With this in mind, Lyfa again lifted her sword.
However, in the next moment an eddy of flame engulfed Recon.
"Oaaaaaaaa!"
Recon screamed pitifully as he froze in mid-air.
"Stupid, don't stop, keep moving."
This sentence had not even reached Recon before he was pierced through by the nearly dead Salamander's lance.
"Sooooooooorry."
With the sound of this last apology, Recon's body was wrapped in a green whirlwind. This effect is called «End Frame», and only appears at death. Dissolving, Recon's body disappeared, and as with the Salamanders earlier, left only a Remain Light.
To Lyfa, it is unpleasant to see the Remain Light of a fallen companion, even if she knows it will disappear immediately as they revive. She bit her lip, knowing that such sentiments are a luxury she can't afford. In order to avoid the blasts of flame coming from below, she desperately rolled to the side.
...Damn, the mage turned out to be that guy at the beginning!
If I knew that earlier, I'd have chased him down and run him through. But it's too late for regrets. The situation is now absolutely disadvantageous.
However, she didn't give up. Until the end, even at an extreme disadvantage, she continued to look for a way to turn the situation around. These are the beliefs that she has cultivated over many years and which have become stronger since she took on the role as a swordswoman.
With the cover fire coming from the Salamander on the ground, the two in the air got in position and began high-speed thrusting attacks.
"Come!!" Lyfa shouted, raising her sword in challenge.

* * *

"Uaagh!!"
After a seemingly endless descent, accompanied only by my unseemly screams, I found myself in some nameless place. A surprised grunt escaped as I landed on my face rather than my feet. Remaining in that position for a few seconds, my face buried in the underbrush, I slowly righted myself.
The free-fall now ended, my heart relaxed, and I lay on the ground and glanced at my surroundings.
It was now night time. I found myself in a deep forest somewhere.
This forest was made up of giant trees that are probably hundreds of years old, all stretching up toward the sky for as far as I could see. However, the foliage was so dense I couldn't see very far. A full moon hung in the black starry sky, emitting a golden glow.
All around me, insects buzz and nocturnal birds sang. In the distance, I heard the roar of a wild beast. The fragrance of plants tickled my nose. The breeze gently brushed skin. Terror enveloped me as my senses took in the world around me. This world felt more real than reality— those were my feelings regarding this illusory world.
I had been a little skeptical when Agil said that «ALO» was the equal of SAO in the quality of its high-precision modeling and structure, but it seems that is indeed the case. Despite the fact that there was less than a year of additional development time, a far greater amount of information is running between my nervous system and the game than was the case with SAO.
"I...In the end, I still came back..."
I closed my eyes. In the two months since being liberated from that world, I had given up on ever coming back to a «VR WORLD», but here I was once more. Ah... I really never learn, do I? This thought flashed across my mind, and I could not help but laugh.
However, this world was a little different. Namely, even if my HP reached zero, I wouldn't die in the real world, and I was free to depart at any time and from any place. As I thought this, something else drew my attention.
What was with the abnormality in the imagery and that mysterious relocation...what on earth had just happened? Why had I been brought to this place? I should be at the starting town of the Spriggans, at least according to tutorial.
"Hey, no way...It can't be..."
My face began to spasm, I quickly lifted my shaking right hand, with the index and middle finger together. Nothing happened. I break into a cold sweat and quickly tried a few more times before remembering what the tutorial had just said, the menu and flight controller are both operated with the left hand.
I held out my left hand and repeated the action. This time, when I waved my fingers, sound effects and a burst of light occurred, then a translucent menu window opened. It had almost the same design as SAO. The menu has many buttons lined up side by side along the right edge.
"There, it's there."
At the bottom of the menu the «LOG OUT» button is flashing. I tried giving it a press. A warning message popped up to confirm the exit, along with «YES» and «NO» buttons.
I breathed a sigh of relief. Propping myself up on one arm, I sat up.
Looking around again, I seemed to be in the middle of a dense forest. Surrounding me was an expanse of trees that stretched endlessly in all directions, so far that not even the light of the stars above could be seen. I had no idea why I fell down here. Well, let's take a look at the map first, I thought. I looked back at the menu window. Pointing with my finger, what I saw displayed there made me freeze.
"Whaaaaa...!?"
I couldn't refrain from crying out.
At the top of the window, my nickname was displayed: Kirito, and my race: Spriggan. Below those were my Hit Points and Mana Points, which read 400 and 80, the beginning values. No problem so far.
What surprised me were the learned skills in the following column. I don't remember choosing any, so of course all I should have are empty columns. Instead, there are no less than eight listed skills. Perhaps these were the Spriggan starting skills, but it's still a bit much. Not quite believing my eyes, I touched the skill bar with my finger for more detail.
In the skills window, I saw several skills side by side. These skills included: «1-H Swords», «Unarmed skills», and «Parry», the Combat skills, as well as «Fishing», a support skill, but the proficiency values were abnormal. Most were at just about 900, and some had even reached 1,000 and had a tag denoting «MASTERY». Usually within MMORPGs, these skills require a very long time to complete, which meant that having skills maxed out from the first log-in is impossible.
No matter how I look at, this must be a BUG. That might also explain why I somehow flew to this place, maybe the system really is a bit unstable.
"Is this game ok? Is there GM support available?"
Looking down at the skills again, I'm hit with a slight feeling of déjà vu. Looking at the proficiency values again, it felt like I'd seen them before. 1-H Swords: 1000, Unarmed skills: 991, Fishing: 643.
It hit me like an electric shock; I finally made the connection. I started breathing hard.
I'd seen these before. These were the skills that I had spent two years developing in SAO. Unfortunately, «Dual Blades» is not there— probably because the «Dual Blades» skill doesn't exist in ALO. The skills of the «Black Swordsman Kirito» that caused the destruction of the floating city Aincrad had appeared before my eyes again.
I was truly confused, impossible things were happening; I couldn't even imagine what was going on. SAO and ALO are completely different games administered by completely different companies. If the saved data could've moved like that... Could it be that— here is...
"SAO?" I uttered, as I fell to my knees.
Shaking my head vigorously to clear such ridiculous thoughts, I turned back to the skills window.
I still wasn't sure what was going on, but hoping to gather more information, I navigated back to the main menu. This time I opened the items window.
"Whaaaa... what's this."
I can't understand anything. Displayed in front of me are dozens of lines consisting of numbers and characters. Enigmatic characters, numbers, letters, and pictures are all mixed together.
It appears these are really the items I possessed in Aincrad. Sure enough, for whatever reason, the save data for Kirito seems to have come to this world.
"So...wait a second."
I suddenly thought of a possibility.
If these are the items from Aincrad, —then «that» should be here too. I touch the item window, and scroll down the menu with my fingertip.
"Please, please, please be there."
I quickly scroll down the list, ignoring all of the gibberish. My heart started beating faster and a feeling like ringing bells resounds through my body.
"!"
My fingers unconsciously stopped. Below my finger was a line of letters like all of the others save it was emitting a warm green color. «MHCP001».
Almost forgetting to breathe, I touched the name with trembling fingers. After selecting the item, the color reversed. Moving my fingers I pressed the button labeled "Use Item."
A white glow appeared in the center of the window and spread toward the edges as it stretched out in my direction. As it emerged, it turned into a colorless, tear-shaped crystal.
Clutching the precious stone in my hands, I raised it, feeling its warmth. Realizing all this, I felt a little feverish.
God, please, I beg you... I prayed from the depths of my heart, gently tapping the crystal twice with my finger. Pure white light exploded forth from the crystal in my hands.
"Ah!?"
My astonished voice unconsciously leaked from my mouth as I crouched down and placed the crystal on the ground, retreating a few steps. The crystal floated off the ground a couple meters before stopping. The light coming from the crystal gradually grew until even the moon seemed pale in comparison and the surrounding trees were dyed in whitish-green.
I blinked, a spectator of the scene in front of me. From the center of the swirling light, a shadow appeared, taking on shape and a whitish hue. Wisps of long black hair drifted in all directions, along with a snow-white dress and long, slender limbs. Eyes closed, hands crossed on her chest, the figure of a beautiful young girl appeared. She, like the embodiment of light, slowly sank to the ground.
The bright light disappeared as quickly as it began. The girl, who was floating in the air, slowly opened her eyes with a fluttering of eyelashes. Her eyes, deep as the night sky, slowly fixed on me.
I couldn't move. Or speak. Or even blink.
The young girl looked at me, and her cherry-colored lips slowly opened. Words can't describe the beauty of that angelic smile. I gathered my courage and said to her, "It's me...Yui. Do you understand?"
Finishing, I glanced at myself. My attitude and appearance in this world are completely different from in that world.
However, such concerns were unnecessary. The girl's —Yui's— lips moved, and in a nostalgic voice so much like silver bells, said, "We meet again, Papa."
Tears in her eyes, Yui stretched out her arms and flew into my chest.
"Papa...Papa!" Yui called again and again, her thin arms tightly clasped around my neck, her face nestling mine. Hugging her little body tightly, I couldn't keep the sobbing sounds from escaping my throat.
Yui, Asuna and I had lived together in the world of SAO for three short days, before she disappeared. Although it was only for a short time, it was an irreplaceable memory so deeply engraved in my mind that it could never be erased. During the long hard battle that was Aincrad, there was little happiness but for those few days, we were truly happy.
The feeling of sweet nostalgia wrapped around me as I stood there tightly holding Yui. Miracles were taking place in front of me. So, Asuna, we'll definitely meet again. We'll definitely return once more to those blissful days. This was the first time, since returning to the real world, that'd I'd felt such conviction.

I looked around the forest, found a convenient stump that had recently collapsed and sat down.
"So, just what on earth is going on?"
Resisting the urge to talk about Asuna, I asked of Yui, currently sitting on my lap.
With her face nestled against my chest, Yui looked up at me with an expression of supreme bliss.
"...?"
"What I mean is, this isn't the SAO world, is it?"
Yui quickly gave a description of what had happened since I last saw her. She was about to be deleted but instead was compressed and stored as part of the environmental data. After beating the game, the floating city Aincrad disappeared. Afterwards, I'd come to this new world of ALfheim, though I didn't know how my data had ended up here. However, the fact that Asuna still hadn't woken wasn't easy to put into words.
"Please, wait a moment."
Yui closed her eyes, as if straining to hear a far-away voice.
"This is—"
Yui's eyes snapped open, looking at me.
"It seems this world is based on a copy of the «Sword Art Online» server."
"Copy?"
"Yes. The framework and graphic format are produced by the same core program group. I was able to reproduce this form. That is enough to verify this. However, the cardinal system is an older version and the game components are completely different.
"That's..."
I fell deep into thought.
ALfheim Online was released twelve months after the SAO incident. Argus had gone bankrupt, and in the aftermath, RECTO purchased Argus' technology assets and used them to develop a new VRMMO game. If you can take advantage of the game's main engine and feedback processes, development costs would be significantly reduced. In that case, the accuracy of this world wouldn't surprise me as much since the game is running on the same engine as SAO.
In other words, ALO is operating on a copy of the SAO system, which I can understand. But—
"But...why did my personal data appear here?"
"Papa, please let me look at your data."
Yui closed her eyes again.
"There is no doubt. This is the character data Papa used in SAO. The two games utilize an almost identical format not only for the save data, but also for common skill proficiency, so they can be inherited. But because the data denoting hit points and mana points is in a different format, HP and MP are not transfered. Then getting to the items, they are all corrupt. As long as you keep them, it is possible the system's error detection protocol will detect them. It would be better if you throw them away."
"Is that so...then ok."
I touched the item column and selected the garbled items en masse. There may have been items which contained memories, but this wasn't the time for sentiment. In any case, I couldn't even tell what they were, let alone use them.
So, with grim determination, I deleted all of the corrupted items. This left me with just the normal initial equipment.
"There shouldn't be any problems with my skill levels, right?"
"From the system's point of view, no. When compared to your playtime it's a little unnatural, but unless a GM directly checks, there shouldn't be any problem."
"Is that so? Heh. I've gone from Beater to Cheater."
Well, when it comes to character strength, the sky's the limit. I must reach the top of Yggdrasil and rescue Asuna. Besides, I didn't come to this game to enjoy myself, I'm not in the mood to play seriously.
Looking carefully at my status bar, I can tell this world doesn't equate numbers and strength. SAO's agility and strength parameters simply don't exist here, not to mention HP and MP increases are small. Also, as weapon skills increase, the only thing that changes is the number of weapons you can equip, there is no change in attack power. And, of course, SAO's signature Sword Skills, do not exist.
In other words, ALO focuses on the player's natural athletic ability and judgment. In SAO, attacks by lower-leveled opponents won't do too much to lower HP. But this doesn't seem to be the case here.
The only unknown is «magic», which did not exist within SAO. Now, only «Illusion Magic» is registered in the Magic field, so perhaps it is the initial skill of the Spriggan race. I have never used magic nor have I ever been hit by it, so I don't really understand it.
I closed the window, facing Yui who was still clinging to my chest with her eyes narrowed like a cat, and asked, "Now that you mention it, what is Yui supposed to be in this world?"
Despite the fact that I can touch her, Yui is not human. Abnormalities in the SAO maintenance procedures resulted in her birth. She is an artificial intelligence, in other words, an «AI».
As of now, 2025, many research institutions have published papers including one entitled «Artificial Intelligence — Approaching Infinite Wisdom». This paper stated that as long as «rational behavior» processes continue, eventually the boundary between simulation of wisdom and true wisdom will become blurred, resulting in the creation of advanced AI.
Yui may be such an existence, the first true AI. But that doesn't matter to me, I love Yui like a daughter and she thinks of me as her father. That's enough.
"Ah, there seems to be a pseudo-character program for user support in ALfheim Online. They are called «Navigation Pixies», I appear to be classified as such."
Saying that, she made a strange face for an instant. After that, her body suddenly lit up and then disappeared.
"YUI!?"


I cried out in panic. Going to stand up, I noticed something attached to my knee.
It was about ten centimeters in height, with slender arms and legs. Wearing a pale pink mini-dress that looks like it is made out of flower petals, with two translucent wings stretching out from its back. It is, to put it simply, a pixie. With that cute face and long hair, although she looks slightly different, she is, without a doubt, Yui.
"This is the appearance of a «Pixie»."
Yui stood on my knee, and with her hands on her hips, started to flap her wings.
"Oh..."
I exclaimed as I poke Yui's cheek with my finger.
"That tickles!"
Yui laughed, rising up into the air to escape my finger, accompanied by the sounds of flapping wings, before sitting on my shoulder.
"...Then, do you also have administrator privileges, like you did before?"
"I don't..." Yui said in a voice filled with frustration.
"At the moment, all I can do is access reference and wide area map data. I can also confirm the status of players I come in contact with, but I can't access the primary program database."
"Ah, is that so... Actually..."
My expression changed, and I changed the topic, finally getting to the main issue.
"Asuna...it seems your mother is here."
"Oh...Mama!?"
Yui jumped off of my shoulder, and hovered in front of my face.
"What do you mean?"
"......"
I was just about to explain about Sugou Nobuyuki, but I was still a bit hesitant. Yui had been driven to the brink of collapse by the negative emotions of humans in SAO. I did not want to let her be further contaminated by human malice.
"...After the closing of the SAO servers, Asuna did not return to the real world. I obtained information that in this world there was a person who looked like Asuna. It is possible that it might just be a coincidence, and some random character might have been created that looks like her. I might just be grasping at straws here."
"Ah...how've things come to this... I'm sorry Papa, normally I could just scan the player data, but without access to the system I can't do it."
"There's no need to blame yourself. Anyway, I have an idea where she might be. Yggdrasil...she seems to be there. That place, you know it?"
"Ah, this I know. Eh, eh, it's generally to the northeast, but quite a ways from here. If I were to convert it into real distance, it would be about fifty kilometers away."
"Wow, that really is a long distance. That's what, five times the diameter of Aincrad. Actually, why was I brought to this forest anyway?"
Yui lowered her head for a moment at my question.
"I think that your positional data was either damaged or confused with a nearby player, resulting in you ending up here. That's just a guess, though."
"If I'm going to fall anyway, couldn't I at least have fallen closer to Yggdrasil. Mm, at any rate, I've heard you can fly here?"
I stood up, and twisted my head to look over my shoulder.
"Oh, look, there really are wings."
From my back sprouted four long, greyish-blue, translucent wings. They are more like insect wings than anything else. But I don't even know how to make them move.
"How do I fly?"
"There seems to be a secondary controller for flight. Please hold up your left hand, as if to grip something."
I followed the directions of the small girl on my shoulder. Soon after, a joystick-like object appeared in my hand.
"Pull it toward you to rise, push it away from you to descend, left or right to turn, push the button to accelerate, and release the button to slow down."
"Nn."
I pulled the joystick toward myself. The wings on my back started to expand and before long began to glow. I pulled the joystick further toward myself.
"Oh."
Suddenly, my body started to float. I rose slowly until about one meter off the ground before I let my hand return to a natural position. Next, I pressed the accelerate button. My body started to move forward.
Then, I tried to drop and turn; I got the hang of it pretty quickly. This was considerably easier than the flight VR games I had played before and its operation was quite simple.
"I think I more or less get it. Now, there's something I'd like to know. What's the closest town to here?"
"To the west there is a town called «Sylvain». That's the closest. Ah."
Yui suddenly looked up.
"What's wrong?"
"Players are approaching. It seems like there is one person being chased by three others."
"Ooh, a battle. Let's go take a look."
"Papa is as care-free as ever."
As I talked to Yui, I opened the menu and equipped the sword that I received as my beginning weapon. Pulling it out, I swung it a few times.
"Wow, what a lousy sword. It's too light too; well, I guess I'll make do."
I re-sheathe my sword and summon the flight controller again.
"Yui, I'll leave the navigation to you."
"Got it!"
Answering in her bell-like voice, Yui took off from my shoulder. Following her, I too, took to the air.

* * *

Finally, the flame magic cast by the Salamander caught Lyfa and hit her in the back.
"Whaaaa!!!!!"
She could not feel pain or heat of course, but the attack had a large impact which made her lose balance. Fortunately, while running away she did not forget to set up a series of «Wind Attribute» defensive spells, so her HP bar was still good, but Sylphid territory still remained far away.
At that point, Lyfa became aware that her flight was becoming slower. Damn, I'm reaching the flight limit! My wings will lose all strength in just a few more seconds, and I won't be able to fly until they recharge.
"Ugh..."
Gritting her teeth, Lyfa performed a steep dive into the woods to escape. Since the enemy had a mage, even hiding with magic would be hard. But she had no interest in just giving up and getting killed.
Lyfa slipped into a gap in the canopy and passed through the tightly packed tree branches while nearing the surface. It was time. Flight speed slowed almost to a stop, soon she neared the ground. As she started to land, she turned her body to break, and after letting her feet touch the ground she jumped into a hole on the back of a gigantic tree. Then, holding her hands in the air, she prepared to launch a type of stealth magic.
Magic in ALO closely resembles a fantasy film, and can best be described as a «Spell» chant. In order for the system to identify the magic, the incantation needs to follow the correct rhythm and pronunciation. If the chant is interrupted part way through, it will fail to launch and the caster must start over.
Lyfa quickly finished incanting the spell. She had spent a lot of time to memorize and practice it, thereby reducing the time needed to recite it. As soon as she finished the spell, a light green atmosphere emerged from her feet and slowly began to cover her entire hiding place until it completely enveloped her body. This was a defensive spell which prevented the enemy from seeing you. However, it could be penetrated by an enemy possessing a high-level «Scan» ability or a penetration spell. Lyfa held her breath and curled up to make herself as small as possible.
Before too long, Lyfa heard the sound that is unique to Salamanders in flight. Landing in the open space beyond the tree, the clanking of armor rang through the clearing followed by shouting.
"That Sylph should be around here, go search!!"
"No, Sylphs specialize in stealth. Let's use magic."
After saying that, he continued his spell incantation. Lyfa almost swore but instinctively kept her mouth shut. After a few seconds, something approached noisily from behind.
Several small red lizards with red eyes climbed over the roots of the gigantic trees. This was the «Fire Attribute» penetration magic: Dozens of the lizards emerge around the caster and search in an expanding circle and emit flames when they find something, immediately showing the location of other players or monsters.
Go away, you must not come over here!
Of course, the lizard has no set pattern, it moves randomly once summoned. Lyfa desperately prayed that the lizards go elsewhere, but it was in vain. One of the lizards touched the membrane surrounding Lyfa, it gave a high-pitched screech and flared into flames.
"We've got it, over here."
Hearing the sound of metal armor gradually approaching, Lyfa jumped from the shadows and flipped to land on her feet. She pulled out her sword and gracefully got in a ready stance, three Salamanders aimed their lances at her.
"Let's not be unreasonable now."
The man on the right pulled up the visor on his helmet. While his excitement was concealed by the helmet, he couldn't keep it out of his voice.
The man in the center, the leader, continued in a calm voice:
"I'm sorry, but this is our mission. If you hand over the money and items, then we'll let you go."
"Ah, why, kill her!! The enemy is a woman so I am very excited ah."
The speaker was the man on the left, who also lifted his visor as he said this. He looked like he was intoxicated by the violence, his gaze stuck on her.
Speaking from a year of gaming experience, this kind of «woman hunter player» is the worst kind of scum. Unfortunately, there are more than a few of them. Revulsion made goose bumps race up Lyfa's arms. If this type of player touches the body of another player except in battle, the system would instantly send a harassment report. This is acceptable because casualties are, in one way, one of the purposes of this game. If it is looked at another way, bloodshed is the freedom of players. Some players take to extremes and find it pleasurable to «hunt» the female players in a VRMMO.
In the normal operation of ALO such a thing can actually happen. Rumors come true, and it actually happens in-game, and with the thought of this, Lyfa shuddered.
Lyfa firmly set her feet, getting into her favorite two-handed sword stance. Putting power into her glance, she stared at the three Salamanders.
"I will definitely take at least one of you with me to the grave. If you are not afraid of the «Death Penalty», come at me."
Lyfa said in a low voice. The salamanders on both sides were enraged by her defiance, and raised their lances. The leader controlled them by raising both of his hands and said:
"Give it up, your wings have reached the limit. We're still flying."
Indeed, it was as he said. In ALO, if a player on the ground is attacked by an enemy in the air, they find themselves at a complete disadvantage. Moreover, this wasn't just one flying enemy, but three. But Lyfa would not give up. She would not hand over the money and beg for mercy.
"What a stubborn girl. Ah well, I guess it was inevitable."
Even the leader shrugged his shoulders, prepared his lance, and took to the air. The other two Salamanders took their controllers in their left hand and followed suit.
Even facing the three lances at the same time, Lyfa prepared to fully attack the closest enemy. She focused all of her strength on her blade. The three salamanders surrounded Lyfa and she was getting ready to charge the enemy, when something unexpected occurred.
Shrubs behind them suddenly began to shake, and a shadow jumped out and tore past the Salamanders' side, turned in the air, and after a few circuits around the clearing fell to the ground with a banging sound.
At this unexpected event, the three Salamanders and Lyfa froze for a moment then looked at the intruder.
"Arg, ouch. This is probably a crash landing."
This voice with no tension came from a lightly dark skinned male player while standing up. His black hair stood in natural spikes, and his large eyes gave an impression of mischief. Behind him stretched dark greyish-blue wings that marked him as a member of the Spriggan race.
What was a far eastern border territory Spriggan doing in this area? While thinking that, Lyfa started checking up his equipment. Plain black tunic and trousers which is not armor, and an inferior sword – no matter how I look at it, he's using the initial equipment. A beginner coming out to the depths of the neutral zone, what was he thinking?
No matter how you look, he was a novice. Lyfa did not want him to see this cruel hunting scene, without thinking she called out.
"What are you doing? Quickly, run away!!"
But the black boy did not move. Did he not know that players of different races are allowed, and by the rules even encouraged, to kill him? After putting something in his breast pocket with his right hand, he looked at Lyfa and then at the hovering Salamanders and said:
"Three soldiers attacking one girl, that's a bit much isn't it?"
"What did you say?"
This speech enraged the two Salamanders at the back. They moved to sandwich the boy from the front and rear, surrounding him while still in the air. They lowered their lances and prepared to charge.
"Damn!"
Lyfa wanted to go and help, but couldn't move carelessly because the leader was still in the sky in front of her.
"Idiot, how dare you come out here so nonchalantly? Well, just as you want, we'll have some fun hunting you, too!"
The boy was standing in front of the Salamanders whose armor clattered as they lowered their visors. As the two Salamanders lowered their lances to charge, their wings produced a brilliant ruby light. The Salamander in front started his attack while the one behind waited for a few seconds longer, planning to take advantage of the difference in timing to kill the boy when he dodged the first attack.
It wasn't something a newbie could cope with. I don't want to see the moment the lances pierce through his body, Lyfa thought. She bit her lips and was about to look away, but before that.
She still couldn't believe what happened.
With his right hand still covering the pocket, he casually stuck out his left hand and caught the tip of the lance that was aiming at his life. Light and sound rippled through the air signaling the activation of the skill: «Guard». Lyfa could not believe what she saw, surprise forcing her eyes to go wide and her jaw to drop. The boy used the Salamander's momentum to throw him into his companion approaching from behind.
"Woo ah ah ah ah ah!"
Screams were ripped from the two Salamanders as they collided and sank to the ground in a clatter of metal.
The boy wheeled around, and while grabbing the hilt of his sword shot a puzzled look at Lyfa.
"These people, does it matter if I cut them?"
"Of course not, that was what they were planning to do to you just a moment ago."
Lyfa answered in utter amazement.
"I see that, well, excuse me for a moment."
The boy drew his shabby sword with his right hand, and let it hang loosely toward the ground. After saying something fairly daring, Lyfa expected him to immediately start attacking, but he didn't move. Then, he put his left foot forward, adjusted his center of gravity and suddenly...
Boom!! The boy disappeared at the same time as some sort of sound impacted her. A sonic boom!?! Lyfa had fought against many enemies, but had never seen such an attack, her eyes couldn't even follow the boy's movement. As she hurriedly turned her head to the right, the boy stopped moving with his body low to the ground far away from where he had started. He completed his technique by swinging his sword toward his sheathe.
Among the two Salamanders, one of them became wrapped in the red of End Frame as he tried to stand up. His body quickly turned to ashes and dispersed to the four winds, leaving only a Remain Light.
Way too Fast!!
Lyfa shuddered. This action and the attack were beyond anything she had ever seen, in a whole different dimension. Her body trembled with elation at what just happened.
In this world, only one thing controls how fast you can move: the speed at which your brain receives signals from the «Full Dive» system and reacts to them. Amusphere sends signals to the brain's cognitive faculties, then the brain processes these signals and produces signals which control the motor functions of the body. These signals are then intercepted by the Amusphere system. The faster a player's brain is able to do this, the faster the player can move in the game. Innate reflexes are one of the things that determine how fast this happens but the speed is also improved with experience, so the longer one plays the faster they can move.
This is not to boast, but Lyfa's speed is within the top 5 of all Sylphs. Her speed has been forged by training her reflexes for many years and honed by a year of playing ALO. She had been confident that no matter who she encountered, one-on-one her speed would not lose out to anyone.
Lyfa and the Salamander leader were still dumbfounded as the boy stood up and turned toward them, once again gracefully bringing his sword into position.
The other Salamander, whose charge was dodged, still didn't seem to know what happened. He was still moving in the opposite direction while trying to find the boy who had disappeared from in front of him.
The boy once again attacked without mercy, rushing towards the confused Salamander. I definitely won't miss it this time Lyfa thought as she concentrated on the boy's movement with her eyes wide open.
The initial motion was not all that fast, but it seemed to sway. However, that was only until he took the first real step of his attack and...
The atmosphere was hazy and seemed to shake with the noise. I somehow saw it this time. Like watching a movie on fast-forward, Lyfa's eyes were able to catch most but not all of the frames. The sword of the boy jumped from its lowered position and cuts the Salamander in two. Even the effect flash couldn't quite keep up with him. The boy moved several meters forward, stopping with the sword held high. Once again a spray of fire erupted, announcing the second Salamander's death.


Lyfa was so entranced by the speed that she only now noticed how much damage the boy's attacks were doing. The two Salamander's HP bars, which had been almost half full, quickly disappeared. In short, the boy's attacks were as astounding as his speed.
ALO's attack formula is not complicated. It depends on four things: Power of the weapon itself, where on the opponent's body the attack hits, attack speed, and the armor worn by the opponent. On this occasion, the attack power of his weapon was almost the lowest, while the Salamander's armor was really quite high level. The strength of his attacks came from the boy's accuracy and overwhelming speed.
The boy settled into a relaxed posture and looked up at the leader of the Salamanders who was still hovering in the air. With his sword leaning against his shoulder, the boy opened his mouth and said:
"So, are you going to fight?"
The boy's words were completely untouched by tension. Even the Salamander had to smile.
"No, I do not have a chance of winning, forget it. I will give you my items if you ask for them. My Magic skill is close to 900, and the «Death Penalty» will make all my work a waste."
"You are an honest man."
The boy laughed briefly, and turned his gaze to Lyfa.
"You there, young lady, what do you want? If you want to fight him, I will not disturb you."
Throwing everything into chaos and causing so much commotion, then actually saying such a thing, Lyfa had to laugh. He's the type that can come into a battlefield and deflate everyone's fighting spirit.
"I'm good too. Next time I will win, Mr. Salamander."
"To be honest, fighting you one-on-one, I do not think I could win."
Finished, the Salamander spread his wings and flew away, leaving a trail of red light. Then, leaving the trees shaking with his passage, he disappeared into the distance in the dark sky. That left only Lyfa and the black clad boy in the clearing with the two Remain Light. A minute later, they too disappeared.
As she looked at the boy, Lyfa tensed up again.
"So, what should I do? Should I thank you? Should I run away? Or should we fight?"
He swung his blade once from right to left and put it away with the sound of a blade being sheathed.
"Ah, for me it's the knight of justice saving the princess from the villains, like that."
He laughed with a grin.
"Moved by gratitude, the crying princess will come for a hug."
"Are you an idiot?"
Lyfa cried out unintentionally, her face blushing.
"I would rather fight you!"
"Ha ha, kidding kidding."
While looking at the boy laughing happily, Lyfa ground her teeth in anger. She was considering how to get back at him when, suddenly a voice came from nowhere.
"That's right, I can't allow that."
It was a young girl's voice. Looking around restlessly, Lyfa did not see anything moving in the shadows. At this point, the boy looked a bit flustered and said:
"Ah, hey, I told you not to come out!"
Lyfa turned to look at the boy's breast pocket as something glittering jumped out. It was a small being, who then hovered near his face making a slight buzzing sound.
"Only mama and me can stick to papa!"
"Pa, Papa!?"
Lyfa moved a few steps closer, only to find a palm-sized fairy creature. It was a navigation pixie that could be summoned from the help window. But, if that was the case, it should only be able to answer basic questions related to the game.
Lyfa forgot to be wary of the boy, her gaze fixed intently on the flying pixie.
"Oh, no, this is..."
The boy hurriedly wrapped both hands around the pixie and brought it close to him, a slightly forced smile plastered to his face. Lyfa looked at the pixie in the boy's hands and asked:
"Hey, is that a «Private Pixie»?"
"Huh?"
"It was a special promotion when the game first came out, there was a lottery of sorts and the winners received a Private Pixie. This is the first time I've ever seen one."
"Ah, I woo goo!"
The Pixie started to say something, but was interrupted when the boy placed a finger over her mouth.
"Yes, yes, that must be it. I have good luck with lotteries."
"Well, fuu..."
Lyfa looked at the Spriggan boy over again, studying him from top to bottom.
"Wh...What is it?"
"You're a weirdo. You obviously started the game when it first came out, but you are still using the initial equipment. Or so that's what I think since you are strong."
"Ah this.. Actually, this account was created in the old days, but I only started recently. I was playing another VRMMO for a long time."
"Really?"
Lyfa thought that might just make sense. If he was familiar with the Amusphere because he had been playing other games, then it might just be possible to achieve that insane speed of his.
"Having said that, you are obviously part of the Spriggan race, but why are you here? Your race's territory is to the far east isn't it?"
"I... I got lost."
"Lost??"
At his helpless answer, Lyfa shouted in spite of herself.
"Even a person who has no sense of direction has limits... You are too strange."
Laughter bubbled up from the bottom of her chest when she saw the boy's strained expression. After a while, Lyfa put the sword that was still in her hand back into its sheath and said:
"Well, anyway, I guess I have to thank you. Thank you for helping me, I am Lyfa."
"I am Kirito, and this child is Yui."
When the boy opened his hands, the pixie flew out with her cheeks puffed out in a sulking expression. She bowed to Lyfa then flew to Kirito's shoulder and sat down.
Lyfa was a little surprised to realize she wanted to talk to this boy named Kirito. It wasn't too unusual for her to make friends in this world, as she didn't go out of her way to avoid other players. He doesn't look like a bad person, Lyfa thought to herself, and said:
"So, what do you plan on doing now?"
"Well, I don't really have any plans."
"This...ah. Well then, let me treat you to a drink to thank you, alright?"
After hearing this, the young man named Kirito laughed with a smile on his face. Lyfa looked at his smile and thought it was a smile from the heart. People who are able to laugh so openly and show such emotion in the VR world are rare.
"That makes me happy. I was actually looking for someone who could tell me a lot of things."
"A lot of things?"
"Things about this world... especially..."
He stopped his smile as his eyes shift to the northeast.
"That tree thing."
"The World Tree? Sure. Even if I look like this, I'm actually a veteran player. Let's see, even though a bit far, there's a neutral village to the north, let's fly there."
"Isn't the town of Sylvain closer?"
Lyfa was a little shocked and looked at Kirito's face before answering...
"Though that is true... Do you really know nothing? That is Sylph territory."
"Is there a problem?"
Hearing Kirito say this, Lyfa was at a loss of words.
"...The problem...I guess you could call it that. Anyway since it is Sylph territory, you won't be able to attack within the town, but any Sylph will be able to attack you."
"Ah, I see. But the people won't attack me if I'm with Lyfa-san, will they? I really wanted to see the country of the Sylphs, I've heard it's beautiful."
"Just call me Lyfa. You really are a strange person. Well...I don't mind trying, but I can't guarantee your safety."
Lyfa shook her shoulders and replied. Well, wanting to visit her beloved Sylph capital wasn't a bad thing. Since Spriggans are rarely seen around here, bringing him with me will probably cause quite a stir, Lyfa thought with a mind full of mischief.
"Well then, we'll fly to Sylvain. It will be getting busy soon."
Lyfa said as she checked a window to see the time in the real world. It was now four o'clock in the afternoon. She couldn't stay in this "dive" much longer.
Lyfa, whose flight ability had almost finished recharging, spread her wings which started to gently glow and vibrate. Kirito tilted his head to the side, looking puzzled, and asked:
"Lyfa, is it possible you can fly without the secondary controller?
"Ah, yes. You?"
"I just learned how to use it recently."
Kirito, moved his left hand to make the gesture of grabbing something.
"I see, there's a trick for voluntary flight. People who can do it will soon be able to, let's try it. Don't bring out the controller then turn away, so your back is to me."
"Like so?"
Kirito turned his body in a half circle, his back wasn't that wide, Lyfa extended her index fingers to touch a bit above his shoulder blades. The pixie on his shoulder watched in fascination.
"The place I touch, remember it."
"OK."
"It might be called voluntary flight, but that isn't just flying by imagination. What you have to do is learn to grow the virtual bone and muscle that become your wings, then learn how to move them."
"Virtual bone...and muscle..."
Kirito repeated in an ambiguous voice. As he said that, his shoulder blades started twitching. From the place Lyfa had touched, grey wings pushed through his clothes. At first they moved awkwardly, but as they became synchronized his wings started moving as one.
"Oh, yeah, just like that. First move your shoulders and muscles to grasp the feeling of wing movement."
Once she said that, the muscles in his back started to quickly contract. With that, his wings began to vibrate and Lyfa could hear a humming noise.
"That's it! Now, more strongly!"
"Um um um"
Lyfa, stretched her arms as far as they would go and left her hands on Kirito's back until his wings were producing sufficient thrust. At that moment, Lyfa suddenly pushed up on his back with all her might.
"Whoa!?"
Once airborne, the Spriggan shot up like a rocket.
"Oh...Oh...Oh...Wow!"
Kirito's body immediately became smaller and smaller, his screams quickly becoming too distant to hear. With the rustling of leaves, he quickly disappeared beyond the distant treetops.
"......"
Lyfa exchanged looks with the pixie who had fallen off of Kirito's shoulder.
"Oh no."
"Papa...!!"
They took off at the same time, hurrying to chase after Kirito. After they left the sea of trees, they carefully searched for him in the night sky, and finally found him unsteadily moving off to the right while casting a shadow in the golden moon.
"Ohohohoh waawaawaa......... Please stop meeee!"
A miserable scream broke the silence of the night and echoed through the endless sky.
"...Puu"
Lyfa and Yui looked at each other, and they could not help laughing.
"Pfft...Huh...Hahahah...!"
"I'm sorry papa, so funny ~~~"
As they hovered side by side in the air, they held their stomach laughing. When they were about to stop, they heard Kirito's screams, and broke into new gales of laughter.
Lyfa couldn't remember the last time she had laughed so hard. This must be the first time since she came to this world.
After laughing for long enough, Lyfa darted in and grabbed Kirito by the collar so that he stopped flying and finished teaching him the tricks to Voluntary Flight. For a beginner, Kirito was a quick learner. After 10 minutes or so of lecture, Kirito could fly freely.
"Oh ... this is ... amazing!"
Kirito shouted as he flew in circles and loops.
"Yes, that's right!"
Lyfa answered with a smile.
"How to say it, this is exciting! I want to fly forever..."
"That's right!"
Lyfa was also happy, she flew with wings vibrating in the same orbit as Kirito's, paralleling each other in flight.
"No fair... Me too!"
Yui caught up and took a position flying between the two.
"You should practice minimizing the movement of the lower back and scapula as much as possible. You won't be able to swing your sword well in aerial combat if you make too many unnecessary movements. Well then, let's fly to Sylvain like this. Come with me."
Lyfa did a tight turn to find their heading in the right direction, then started cruising over the forest. She began to worry she was going too fast for the new flyer Kirito, so she reduced her speed only to have Kirito start to pass her. She looked at Kirito and heard him say:
"We can go a bit faster if you want."
"Ho ho."
Lyfa's smile became predatory as she folded her wings at an acute angle and started speeding up. Kirito heard the sound being produced by her wings increase and accelerated to keep even with her. The pressure of the wind beating against her body increased, and the speed of the wind made hearing anything tricky.
Surprisingly, Lyfa soon reached 70% of her maximum speed and Kirito was still right by her side. Most people, when they begin to reach the top speed set by the system find their acceleration beginning to become dull, probably due to some kind of psychological pressure. For Kirito to be able to overcome this pressure on his first flight... he must have extraordinary mental strength.
Lyfa closed her mouth, and began to accelerate to maximum speed. She had never flown a formation at this speed before, mostly because none of her normal teammates were able to match her speed.
Right now the trees below her eyes looked like a swift current and quickly disappeared behind them. The vibration of her Sylphid wings, made a sound that resembled the high-pitched sound of a stringed instrument, mixed with Kirito's Spriggan wings, which sounded like a wind instrument, to form a beautiful duet.
"Ah... too...fast! It's no use!"
Yui cried, as she sprang into Kirito's breast pocket. Kirito and Lyfa looked at each other and laughed.
When she noticed, the forest was ending just ahead, and dots of light appeared. The brightest light came from the center tower. That is the symbol of Sylph's capital Sylvian, the "Tower of the Wind" . Soon the city became closer, and in the central street, there are a large number of players coming and going.
"Oh, I see it!"
Kirito said over the sound of the wind.
"We're landing at the base of the tower in the middle, oh!"
Lyfa suddenly realized something and the smile on her face became fixed.
"Kirito-kun, do you know how to land?"
"..."
Kirito said as his face stretched into a grimace.
"I don't have any idea!"
"Well...."
At this time, half of her field of vision was occupied by the huge tower.
"Sorry, it's too late, good luck."
With an apologetic smile, only she started the sudden deceleration needed for landing. Lyfa spread her wings for full breaking and put her feet in front of her and started the landing process.
"Such a foolish......"
The Spriggan screamed, Lyfa watched as he barreled toward the outer wall of tower, she sincerely hoped that he would survive his landing.
After a few seconds, BANG!! As a terrible sound shook the air.

"Hum, Lyfa is so mean, I think I have now developed a fear of flying."
At the bottom of the tower, Kirito was sitting up in the middle of the flower bed where he had crashed.
"My eyes are spinning..."
The pixie sitting on his shoulder was reeling with dizziness. Lyfa put her hands on her hips, suppressing laughter and replied:
"You are too full of enthusiasm. I am surprised you are still alive, I thought you would be dead for sure."
"Ah, that's too much!"
Kirito hit the tower wall while flying as fast as the game allows, but he still had almost half of his HP left. Not knowing whether he had a naturally strong body or was just lucky, but he was the embodiment of a lot of mysteries for a beginner.
"Ok ok, I will heal you."
Lyfa cast a healing spell as she held out her right hand. Navy blue light spread from the palm of her hand and slowly fell on Kirito's body.
"Oh, great. So this is magic."
Kirito curiously looked around his body as the bluish light fell like snow.
"Only Undines can easily use high-ranking recovery magic. But it is an indispensable spell so you should learn it."
"So each race has strengths and weaknesses when it comes to magic? What is the specialty of the Spriggan race?"
"There are two: magic that assists in finding treasure and Illusion magic. As neither of them is usable in battle, it is the most unpopular race."
"Ahhh... I really should have done my homework."
Kirito shrugged his shoulders, stood up, and turned to look at the city.
"Oh, this is Sylph city. What a beautiful place."
"Right?"
Lyfa once again looked around the hometown she had lived in for so long.
«Sylvain», also known as the «Emerald capital», is a city that lives up to its name. Spires of varying green shades rise along a complex airy corridors which connect the streets. Bursting out of each tower is a brilliant dark green light that gives the city an impression of a fantasy kingdom. Behind the «Tower of Wind» is the «Lord's Mansion», a magnificent building, which Lyfa is confident that it's superior to most of the buildings in ALfheim.
They silently looked at the city of light, watching the flow of people coming and going, and suddenly the sound of a greeting came from the right.
"Lyfa-chan, you are safe!"
Turning around, I saw a yellow-haired Sylph boy waving like crazy and running toward us.
"Ah, Recon. Yes, somehow I survived."
Recon looked at Lyfa with eyes that sparkled.
"Indeed, you really are amazing, to be surrounded by so many enemies but still come out of it in one piece...oh......"
Recon finally noticed the figure in black standing next to Lyfa, and froze with his mouth hanging open for a few seconds.
"Isn't that a Spriggan? Why is he here!?"
Recon said as he jumped back in a panic, his hand going to the hilt of the dagger hanging at his waist only to be stopped by Lyfa.
"Calm down Recon. He is the reason I survived."
"Huh?"
Lyfa pointed at Recon and said to Kirito:
"This is Recon. He is my companion, but was killed by the Salamanders just before I met you."
"I'm sorry to hear that. Nice to meet you, I am Kirito."
"Oh...ah, nice to meet you."
Recon grasped Kirito's right hand and bowed.
"Now is not the time for this!"
Recon jumped back.
"Is he ok Lyfa-chan? Maybe he is a spy!?"
"I thought so at first too, but he is too much of a natural airhead to be a spy."
"Ah, that's mean!"
Lyfa and Kirito laughed, Recon looked on with suspicion, and eventually, cleared his throat before saying:
"Lyfa-chan, Sigurd and the others are waiting in the «Narcissus Hall», they are ready to distribute the spoils from our hunting trip."
"Oh...I see...well..."
When you are killed by an enemy, 30% of the non-equipment items in your possession are "stolen" by the enemy player. What items are taken is decided at random. However, when in a party there is something called Insurance Frame which will automatically transfer the items of a killed player to their party members.
Today, since Lyfa was the last member of their party alive, the Insurance Frame transferred all of the items they had acquired into her possession. That is why the Salamanders had pursued her so persistently. So, it was only thanks to Kirito that all of their hard work had arrived at Sylvain.
It had become a custom among Lyfa and her companions to meet at a familiar store, Narcissus Hall, to re-distribute any items that had been acquired during a hunting trip. However, Lyfa was a bit troubled and said to Recon:
"I'm not participating today. There isn't any item that matches my skills anyway. I will give it to you to divide among the four other party members."
"Eh? Lyfa-chan isn't coming?"
"Ah, I promised Kirito I would treat him to something to drink in return for saving me."
"..."
As Recon turned to look at Kirito, some of the suspicion from earlier returned – in a slightly different form.
"Hey, don't think about something strange."
Lyfa kicked Recon after saying that. She opened her item trade window and transferred all of the day's loot to him.
"E-mail me when you are ready for the next hunt. If I can I will go. Anyway, good job."
"Ah, Lyfa-chan..."
Somehow embarrassed, Lyfa forcibly broke off the conversation, grabbed Kirito's sleeve, and walked away.

"That boy just now, is that Lyfa's boyfriend?"
"Or is he your lover?"
"Phttt!?"
Yui who stuck her head out of Kirito's pocket, was the one who had raised her voice and asked this right after him. Lyfa immediately tangled her feet, her wings hurriedly spread to compensate for her loss of balance.
"No... that's not right, we are only party members."
"But your relationship seems very good!?"
"I know him in the real world, he is my classmate at school, nothing more than that."
"Eh, that must be nice...playing VRMMO with classmates."
Hearing Kirito say that in an envious tone, she looked at him with slight frown.
"Well, there are various evils too... it makes you remember that thing known as homework."
"Ha ha ha, I see."
They walked down the street while having this conversation. From time to time they'd encounter other Sylph players, and upon seeing Kirito's black hair they expressed surprised looks, but in seeing Lyfa next to him they kept to themselves and walked past. Lyfa wasn't very active, but she had won the Sylvain fighting tournament several times, so she was well-known and popular.
Finally, they came to a small and cozy inn and pub called «Lily of the Valley Pavillion». This was one of Lyfa's favorite places to eat because they had very good desserts.
When Lyfa opened the door and looked inside, she discovered the shop was empty save for a pair of players. Since it was just becoming evening in the real world, the restaurant would soon get busy as players would want a couple drinks after they returned from adventuring.
They sat face to face at a secluded window table.
"Since I invited you, pick anything you would like."
"If you're sure it's alright."
"Don't eat too much now or you'll regret it when it's time to log out and have dinner."
Lyfa said while looking at the delicious desserts listed on the menu.
This phenomenon is very strange. For some reason when you eat in ALO it produces a false impression of being full, and this feeling doesn't immediately disappear when you return to the real world. To Lyfa, one of the greatest charms of a VRMMO is that she could indulge her sweet-tooth without having to worry about calories. She had to be careful not to eat too much though because her mother would probably be angry if she didn't eat anything.
Suffering from malnutrition or using this effect to diet is not unheard of. Even now once in a while on the news, there are players who are so dedicated to the game that they forget to eat and are weakened to death.
Finally, Lyfa pointed at the menu and ordered a Bavarian fruit tart. Kirito ordered a piece of fruit pie and a bottle of spiced wine, and to her surprise Yui ordered a cheese biscuit. The NPC waitress immediately brought our order to the table and arranged it in front of us.
"Well then, once again, thank you for helping me."
Clinking a glass of the mysterious green wine with Kirito, Lyfa drank the full glass of the cool liquid and felt it move down her parched throat. Kirito also drank his glass in one gulp, laughed shyly and said:
"Oh no, it was a matter of course...even so, they were very belligerent weren't they? Is that kind of PK group common?"
"Ah, originally the relationship between the Salamanders and the Sylphs was bad. Our territories are adjacent so we are usually competing for the resources in the same piece of neutral ground. Unsurprisingly, this antagonism eventually soured and the two races are now practically at war. However, that kind of organized PKing only started recently. I am certain that they are planning to attack the World Tree soon."
"That, I want you to tell me about the world tree."
"Ah yes, you said something about that before. But why do you want to know?"
"I want to go to the top of the World Tree."
Surprised, Lyfa looked at Kirito and peered at his face. The serious look in his eyes told her that he wasn't joking.
"It certainly is something all players want, at least I think so. It is the main quest of ALO game."
"How so?"
"You know there is a limit on the amount of time you can fly, right? No matter which race, the max flight time is about 10 minutes. However, the race that reaches the «City in the Air» at the top of the world tree first gets to meet the Fairy King «Oberon» and can be reborn as the higher species «ALF». This race of fairies has no time limit on flying, and will be free to fly freely through the sky, forever if they want."
"...I see..."
Kirito took a bite of fruit pie and nodded.
"It is indeed a fascinating story. Do you know a method of getting to the top of the world tree?"
"Inside the world tree, the roots form a huge dome. There is an entrance to the City in the Air at the top, but to reach that entrance you have to get past an army of NPC guardians. Up to now, many racial groups have attempted to pass through this dome, but these parties were quickly wiped out. The Salamanders are currently the most powerful race, they have been saving a lot of money, and they've been purchasing a lot of equipment and items. I think they will be the next to dare the world tree."
"Are the guardians really that strong?"
"Unbelievably hard. Think about it, ALO came online over a year ago. What kind of quest is it that you can't clear in a year?"
"That's definitely..."
"In fact, just last fall, a well-known ALO information in a web site launched a petition, aimed at making Recto Progress adjust the balance of the game."
"Wow, and then?"
"Of course, it was the usual answer. 'This game has been operated with an appropriate balance' bla bla bla. Lately, there are opinions that the world tree can't be conquered using current methods."
"Perhaps you have overlooked a key point of this quest, or it is not possible to capture the world tree with just a single species?"
Lyfa's hand, which was bringing her tart to her mouth, suddenly stopped, as she shot another piercing glance at Kirito.
"Oh, you have a good idea. If we are missing a quest, we can find out. But the second part is impossible."
"Impossible?"
"Because that's contradicting. 'Only the first race to reach it can clear it'. Do you think the races would work together to capture the world tree if this is the case?"
"Then what you mean is... it is virtually impossible to climb the world tree?"
"I think so. Moreover, there are many other quests, like mastering skills to improve item production, among many others. But, I won't give up, or we will never know the joys of true flight. So, even if it takes many years, surely...... "
"Well, that will be too late!"
Kirito cried out in a hushed tone. Lyfa was surprised at the despair in that voice and looked at Kirito. She found his eyebrows furrowed and his teeth clenched so hard that he was actually shaking.
"Papa..."
Holding the cheese biscuit in both hands and chewing small bites, the pixie stopped eating and put the food down. Then she flew up to sit on Kirito's shoulder, holding his cheek to comfort him. Finally, the tension ebbed from Kirito's body.
"...I'm sorry I surprised you."
Kirito said in a low voice.
"But I...I really have to get to the top of the world tree."
Dark eyes that were glinting as brilliantly as a polished sword as they stared at her, Lyfa's heart began to resound in her chest. Lyfa took a sip of wine in an attempt to calm down and said:
"Why must you go so far?"
"I'm looking for someone."
"What do you mean?"
"It's something which cannot be explained simply."
Kirito smiled at Lyfa, but his eyes revealed the depth of his despair. Where have I seen eyes that look like that?
"Lyfa...thanks, your teaching helped me a lot. Thank you for the delicious meal. I'm glad you were the first person I met here."
Lyfa unconsciously grasped Kirito's wrist as he stood up.
"Hey, wait a minute...do you really plan on going to the world tree?"
"Yeah, this is something I have to see with my own eyes."
"That's crazy, doing that. It's very far away. There are many powerful monsters between here and the world tree. I know you are strong, but..."
Oh, she thought and it was already coming out of her mouth:
"Then, I'll take you there."
"Oh?"
Kirito's eyes opened wide.
"No, but, I shouldn't impose on someone I've just met..."
"Yes, I've already passed through the gate of decision!!"
Lyfa turned away to hide the cheeks that had become hot. In ALO, because there are wings to fly, other means of instantaneous movement do not exist. Therefore, journeying to the center of the world, the world tree, and the capital of ALfheim, «Aarun» is just like a journey in the real world. Moreover, to offer to make this journey with a young man she had just met a few hours ago, this was behavior that even Lyfa thought was incredible.
But – why... I can't just leave him alone.
"Will you be here tomorrow?"
"Oh...Yeah."
"Then three o'clock in the afternoon. I have to go now. If you want to log out, then use a room in «Lily of the Valley Pavillion». So, see you tomorrow."
Finished, Lyfa opened the menu by waving her right hand. As a Sylph, she can immediately log out from anywhere in this territory, so she pressed the logout button.
"Ah, wait!"
Kirito raised his head to face Lyfa and said with a smile:
"Thank you."
Lyfa finally smiled and she nodded once, then she pressed the OK button. The world was wrapped in rainbow-colored light, then became dark. Lyfa's body gradually faded, only the heat of her face and beat of her heart making it to the real world.

She slowly opened her eyes.
The familiar poster attached to her ceiling entered her vision. This was an enlarged screenshot that she printed out. The poster featured an infinite sky, free-flying birds, and the central picture of a flying fairy girl with long hair in a ponytail.
Kirigaya Suguha raised her hands to her head and took off the Amusphere helmet. With only two security rings side by side, it is a delicate looking machine that in comparison to the first generation, Nerve Gear, seems luxurious to many but also gives less of an impression of being binding equipment.
Even though she had returned to the real world from the false one, her cheeks showed no sign of cooling. Suguha sat up straight in bed, her hands pinching her face, a shout echoing in the depths of her heart.
...Wuwa!
Too late now, she felt a tremendous surge of embarrassment at her actions, only more and more aware of just how bold she had been. Before she started playing, her classmate, Nagata Shinichi, aka Recon, had told her that as long as she transformed into Lyfa, her boldness would increase by fifty percent. She never thought it would lead to the kind of extreme behavior she displayed today. Suguha was in agony for a while, thrashing both legs.
He was a mysterious young man. No, as a player there was no way to know his age, but Suguha's intuition told her that their age was only a little different. But he had a surprisingly calm demeanor, and no mischievous behavior or naughty words, so she couldn't be sure.
Not only was his character enigmatic, but he was fearfully strong. So much that if they were to cross blades, she was sure she would lose. In her one year of play, he was the first person she met that was like that. Suguha blurted out his name:
"Kirito-kun, hmmm"

I want to see it for myself, that illusionary world, Suguha had thought for the first time a year after the SAO incident.
Before that, to Suguha, VRMMO games where almost an anathema, for taking away her brother, she had no words capable of describing her sense of revulsion. But in holding his hand in the ward and trying to hold onto his speech and her memories of who he was, curiosity sprouted about what kind of thing could draw him strongly enough that he could end up like this. She wanted to know more about him— because of that thought she decided to see for herself, as she thought it was the only way to narrow the distance between her and her brother.
'I want an Amusphere.' Suguha asked her mother. Midori looked at Suguha and nodded slowly. 'Just take care not to use it too much and pay attention to your physical health.' Her mother said, laughing.
The next day, during lunch break, she found herself standing in front of Nagata Shinichi. He was someone known as a maniac and was the best gamer in her class. She had gone to his desk and said she would wait for him on the roof. At that time the class was shrouded in silence, only to break out in shocked speech.
On the roof, Suguha looked at Nagata Shinichi whose eyes shone in expectation while frozen said. 'I want you to teach me how to play VRMMO.' Nagata heard this and made all kinds of comical faces for several seconds, then asked what she wants to know.
Suguha could not afford to spend less time on studies or kendo practice. Upon hearing this, Nagata said 'So, something that's not too time intensive and based on player skills right?' and other questions. What he recommended was ALfheim Online.
She didn't know Nagata would start playing ALO with her. However, due to his exhaustive and exhausting lecture, Suguha had adapted to the game with amazing speed, and she found she was very good at the game. There were two reasons for this:
The first reason is that Suguha had been doing Kendo for many years and the skills learned there were very effective for fights in ALO.
In general, the fighting between players did not take evasion into account. Mainly, players just attacked the enemy and then took his attack in return, this would continue until one of the players could no longer fight or died. But Suguha, because of her long practice, was easily able to avoid or deflect the attacks aimed at her. Of course, her strong attacks count too.
In addition, ALO is not a level-based game. So despite logging far less time than the most experienced players, she was able to match up with some of the best fighters in ALO. In fact, Lyfa's numerical parameters were average and lower than most old players but because it ran off a purely skill-based system, she was considered one of the top Sylph players.
The second reason why Suguha played ALO is because of the ability to be able to fly which is unique to this game.
Suguha can still remember when she first mastered Voluntary Flight, the sensation was unforgettable.
Suguha was often plagued with the physical limitations in kendo matches, wanting to move faster, strike harder, and go further. That's why when she finally mastered voluntary flight, and was able to fly and use both hands to hold her sword, when she became able to perform the ultra-long distance thrusts, she felt a pleasure beyond description. Aside from this, doing steep dives or flying with a flock of birds was also very attractive to her.
For Recon with his flight problems, he calls her "Speed Holic" and other things. It probably meant her joy at flying in ALO.
After a year, Suguha is already considered a full-fledged VRMMO player. Even though Suguha had originally started playing ALO to get closer to her brother, she had fallen in love with the virtual world.
And when Kazuto came back, Suguha wanted to talk to him about ALO and similar interests, but when she saw the shadows cross his eyes, she couldn't bring herself to do so.
The SAO incident, Suguha thought this tragic experience affected Kazuto's love of the virtual world. He recovered his Nerve Gear, but it just sat in his room with the SAO rom like an ornament.
For Kazuto, the SAO incident probably hasn't yet ended. «That person» has not woken up, she continues to sleep.
Thoughts of that sent Suguha's heart into turmoil. Like yesterday, she did not want to see Kazuto in such an endless despair, he had even cried. Suguha wanted to see him laugh again, for that reason, she wanted that person to wake up as soon as possible.
At this point, Kazuto has already reached a point where her hand can no longer reach his heart.
Now, they are even more like a true brother and sister. In that case, she wished she had never realized her feelings. Her feeling of wanting to keep Kazuto for herself could never come true.
Lying on her bed, watching her ALfheim poster, Suguha wondered why people didn't have wings in the real world. In reality, if we could fly freely in the sky, then it might be possible to untangle the threads binding her heart.

* * *

I sat on my chair looking at where the Sylph girl, Lyfa, had been sitting a few minutes ago with a slightly confused expression.
"What happened to her?"
After hearing this, Yui, who still sat on my shoulder, tilted her head with a puzzled expression and said:
"Who knows, the me right now has no mental monitoring capabilities."
"Hmm. Well, I appreciate her offer to show me the way."
"I know the map. It's true our battle potential will increase with more people, but..."
Yui stood up, put her face to my ear, and said:
"Papa, you shouldn't cheat."
"I won't, I won't!!"
Seeing me shake my head after that warning, Yui took off and landed on the table while laughing, and picked up the half-eaten biscuit with two hands.
"Damn, actually teasing me huh!"
I picked up my spiced wine and drank from it from the bottle.
But, I should really be wary. It's not about cheating, she is— Lyfa is, only a character in the game, she may have a different personality in reality.
For a very long time, the virtual world was my reality. However, the idea of character division was meaningless, malice and goodwill were all real. I wouldn't have survived if I hadn't thought like that.
But things are different here. Players are, in a way, somewhat different. They come here and assume different roles with different values. Thieves assault, rob, kill but conversely, they are not punished for it, but respected.
"It's very difficult, VRMMOs."
I unconsciously sighed at the words I spoke with a bitter smile. After putting down the empty bottle, I picked up Yui who was eating the biscuit about the same size as her, and put her on my shoulder. I left the table and decided to go back to the real world.
In MMORPGs, there is a conflict between convenience and fairness when the time comes to «Logout».
In other words, it has to be made so people who have pressing business like an appointment or have to take care of feeling physiological needs can quickly leave the game. But, on the other hand, it must be set-up so it can't be used to escape from combat situations or prevent theft. For this reason, most MMOs set certain restrictions or conditions for logging out. ALO is no exception, players are able to logout from anywhere only in their race territory. Outside of that, their character will remain in a 'soulless' state for several minutes and will be vulnerable to attack and theft.
Outside of your race territory, if you want instant logout, you have to use items like camping equipment or rent a room. I decided to follow Lyfa's advice to use the second floor of "Lily of the Valley Pavilion" to logout.
After checking in at the counter, I climbed the stairs to the second floor. I opened the door of the specified room, it revealed a very simple room with only a bed and a table. It was a sight that gave me a very strong sense of déjà vu. Before I bought a house in Aincrad, I often used these kind of rooms.
I opened the window to let in fresh air. At this point I would be able to logout without worrying, but in the end chose to use the "sleep off" method to exit. So I removed my weapon and laid down on the bed.
A small problem occurs when playing VR games using FullDive. When you play FullDive games, your senses are brought to virtual reality, so when you logout your senses are returned to your real body. So, if you suddenly change standing to lying down, then there will be a strong sense of vertigo. There was a time before playing SAO when I was using a flight simulator with FullDive, I was rapidly spinning in a nose dive when I pressed the logout button and returned to reality, I emerged with an extreme sense of vertigo and my eyes where cruelly spinning.
To prevent such symptoms it is best to sign out with the "sleep off" approach, in other words, fall asleep. When you fall asleep in the virtual world you are automatically logged out and sent back to the real world.
I laid in bed as Yui finished her biscuit and settled to the floor with a gentle pitter-patter sound. Upon landing, Yui returned to her original form with her long raven hair, snow white dress, and wonderful scent drifting on the air.
Yui, with her hands clasped behind her back, turned to me and said:
"...I won't see you until tomorrow right? Papa."
"...I'm sorry...we finally managed to meet. I'll be back soon...back to see Yui."
"That..."
Yui blinked, her face flushed.
"Papa, until you logout can we sleep together?"
"Eh."
I had a self-conscious smile on my face. I am Papa for Yui to the last. As an AI, she is constantly looking to expand her experience by exposure to new data. So such a request doesn't upset me, however, her attitude and words are enough to stagger me. But still, I think she is a lovely girl.
"I get it, yes you can."
I pushed my embarrassment to the side and moved to the wall to make room for her to lie down. Yui, who had a glistening smile, jumped into bed.
As her face snuggled against my chest, I slowly stroked her hair and whispered:
"I'll rescue Asuna quickly and then let's go buy a house in this world as well. Are there player homes in this game?"
Yui turned her head to one side and began to nod rapidly and said:
"It seems quite expensive, but it is available. It seems like a dream, for the three of us, me and papa and mama to be living together again."
Recalling those days, my heart felt as though it had been twisted yet again. It was clearly just a few months ago that we were still together, but now I have no means whatsoever to communicate with her. Just like this, that distant memory gradually moved even further away—
I hugged Yui tightly, my eyes slowly closing, and whispered:
"It is not just a dream, I will soon make it reality."
Because I had been playing the game too long, even if it is just a virtual experience, my brain was getting tired and exhaustion hit me like a sledgehammer.
"Good night, Papa."
As my consciousness slowly slipped into warm darkness, the sound of Yui's silvery voice at my side continued to comfort me.

Chapter 3
A bird was singing a song that filled the morning as it perched upon the white table.
Her right hand quietly extended, and her outstretched fingers gently touched the jade-like feathers of the bird, instantly causing the bird to take flight without a sound. The bird drew an arc flying up, and it flapped away in the direction from which the sun shone.
Rising from her chair, she took a few steps forward as if she wanted to follow the bird. But instantly, a sparkling, golden grid appeared, blocking her way. The bird continued flying through the gaps and into freedom. Higher and higher, further and further, it was going away to anywhere.
Asuna stood still and watched as the bird grew smaller and smaller until it melded with the colors of the sky, and she slowly returned to the chair and sat down.

The table and chairs, built of pure-white marble, were cold and hard. Beside the table and chairs rested a luxurious bed of the same white color. The furniture was the only thing in this "room," if you could call it that...
The floor was covered with tiles that also shine white. Walking from one side to the other took about twenty steps, but this round room was also surrounded by walls formed by a shining golden grid. The bars of her cage were set apart wide enough for Asuna to fit through them, but the system makes escape impossible.
The criss-crossing golden bars extended upwards, leaning in to form a dome. A huge ring extended from the top of the dome, and a fat tree branch threaded through it to support the entire structure. That branch extended to the sky and was part of a huge tree.
In other words, this strange room was actually a cage. It was a birdcage of unimaginable scale, but one where even the birds were free to come and go. The only person who faced the hardships of a prisoner was Asuna. Therefore, this should be called a prison.
The room was luxurious, elegant, and beautiful, yet it was a very cold tree prison.

About sixty days had passed since Asuna awakened in this place. Well, that's not even a reliable number. There is nothing to write with in this place. The days also seem to be much shorter than twenty-four hours. Even so, her internal clock makes her wake up regardless of whether it is day or night.
After waking, she would ask herself how many days it has been, but lately, she cannot even be sure of the number. For all she knows, she might have repeated the same day many times, or several years may have already passed. The longer she is trapped here, the more her memories of the time she spent with «him» seem to fade.
That time...
When Aincrad collapsed, the world was shrouded in an explosion of light. Before disappearing, Asuna and Kirito had clung together and waited until the moment they lost consciousness.
She had felt no fear. There was a conviction that she did what had to be done and had lived a life with nothing to regret. To disappear with him was a very gratifying ending, Asuna had thought.
Wrapped in the light of their intertwined souls, it didn't matter when their bodies disappeared.
When his warmth disappeared, Asuna was instantly shrouded in darkness. She reached out her hand, desperately shouting his name. But she had become caught in a relentless torrent that dragged her further into the dark. Then there were intermittent flashes of light. Not knowing where she was being transported, Asuna had screamed. Finally, a rainbow-colored brilliance appeared before her. The iridescent light spread toward her, and she fell into this place.

Hanging on a wall and supporting the Gothic-style bed was a gigantic mirror. Reflected there was a form subtly different from the one she knew. Her face, and her chestnut hair, were the same as before. But she was wearing a thin, one piece white dress that she thought was flimsy. Decorating the top of the dress, right above her chest was a blood-red ribbon. The cold piercing her bare feet told her the tiles were made of marble. She didn't have a single weapon on her back, but a mysterious transparent substance extends from her back in the shape of wings. They are more like the wings of insects than birds.
At first, she truly thought that she had come to the life after death. But now, she understood that this was not the case. Although she had tried waving her hand, she is unable to call up the menu window. This is not Aincrad but a new illusionary world, a computer-generated virtual prison. Asuna has been imprisoned here by a man's malice.
Since this is the case, she could not let herself be defeated. Her mind refused to be broken by his malice. By remembering this, Asuna endured loneliness and anxiety every passing day. But now, her determination has started to crumble. Despair has slowly seeped into her heart.
Asuna sat on the cold chair with her hands folded on the table, and she felt a turmoil in her heart as she constantly thought of him.
'Quickly...quickly come and save me, Kirito-kun...'

"That is a most beautiful expression, Titania."
Suddenly a voice sounded inside the bird cage.
"It is the face of someone about to cry. I'd like to freeze that expression, make a decoration out of it."
"Then go ahead and do it."
Asuna said, turning to face the direction the voice had come from.
From the edge of the golden cage and in the direction of the giant tree known as the «World Tree» was a door. The door opened out onto a staircase carved from another branch that bridged the distance between her cage and the trunk of the tree.
The door opened to reveal a tall man.
His gold, wavy hair flowed out from under a round silver crown that sat at the top. He was dressed in a fine, green silk mantle that was decorated with silver embroidery. Like Asuna, he, too, had wings, but his were not transparent; they were more like those of a huge butterfly. The four parts of his wings shifted between a color of black velvet and emerald-green.
His face had a beauty that could only be artificial. With a smooth forehead, a high slender nose, and eyes with irises in the same color and pattern as his wings, he was extremely handsome. However, his thin lips, twisted in an expression of utter contempt and distorted by a smile that despised everything, completely destroyed such beauty.
When Asuna saw this man, she turned away as though she had seen something filthy. She said in a flat tone:
"...You can do whatever you want as the system administrator. Do as you wish."
"Saying such a heartless thing again. Thus far, have I forced myself on you, Titania?"
"You can still say that even after locking me in here? Stop with the strange names; I am Asuna, Oberon... rather, Sugou-san."
Asuna looked up at Sugou Nobuyuki's current incarnation, «Fairy King Oberon». But this time, she didn't avert her eyes and returned his gaze with a powerful glare.
Twisting his lips in a disgusted expression, he mirthlessly said:
"Wake up already. In this world, I am Oberon the Fairy King, and you're the queen Titania. We are the players' envy, ALfheim's masters, and you shall eventually open up your heart to me.. as my partner."
"No matter how long you wait, it will be in vain. The only things I will ever give to you are my contempt and hatred."


"Well, how stubborn."
Oberon slowly extended his right hand to the side of Asuna's face, laughing.
"It is... I feel that these days..."
He tries to make Asuna face him, but she turns away.
"Then again, it's okay to make you obey by force too. It might even be more fun that way."
Asuna`s face became caught in his vice-like grip, and the fingers of his left hand approached slowly, touching her cheek as he slowly moved his fingers toward her lips. A shiver ran down Asuna`s back from this disgusting feeling.
Asuna's eyes filled with disgust, and she clenched her teeth and tightened her lips to a thin line. Oberon`s fingers repeatedly slid over her lips before they moved slowly down her neck. When they finally reached her chest, his fingers tightened on the bright red ribbon. As he enjoyed Asuna's shame and fear, his hands grasped the ribbon by one end, and slowly, slowly pulled...
"Stop!"
Unable to endure more of his touch, Asuna's voice finally leaked from her mouth.
Hearing her voice, Oberon cooed deep in his throat, but he still removed his fingers from the ribbon. He wagged his fingers before he said with a laugh:
"Just kidding. Didn't I already mention it? I will not force you. Anyway, when the times comes, you'll beg me for it anyway. It's only a matter of time."
"So foolish, do you really think that will happen?"
"Are you certain I'm just 'being foolish'? Soon you will accept my feelings, Titania."
Oberon placed both hands on the table and leaned forward suggestively. Revealing a shadowed grin, he looked outside of the birdcage.
"You see tens of thousands of people dive into and enjoy playing a game in this vast world. But alas, they are unaware. The «FULLDIVE» system was not developed just for the entertainment industry!"
At these unexpected words, Asuna became silent. Oberon spread open his arms in a theatrical gesture.
"I'm not joking! This game is merely a by-product. The FullDive machine interface, in other words the Nerve Gear and Amusphere, has a limited scope, so electronic signals focus the role of the brain's sensory sphere in order to give the illusion of environmental signals. But what happens when that limiter is removed?"
Oberon`s green eyes were full of hidden evil and ambition. Asuna instinctively flinched away in fear.
"...That is, the functions of the brain outside the sensory processing include thought, emotion, and memory. Without the limiter, these can be controlled!"
Such insanity from Oberon left Asuna speechless. After breathing a few times, she somehow managed to squeeze out her voice. "Such, such things will never be permitted..."
"Who is it that 'will not allow it'? This type of research is already being conducted in many countries. However, such a study needs human subjects to carry out the experiment. Also, what a person thinks about can only be described in words!"
Oberon gave a shrill laugh and leapt away from the table, and, after adjusting his posture, walked around Asuna.
"There are a lot of individual processes in higher-order brain function, so it is necessary to procure a large number of test-subjects. But, because this is recording the brain's behavior, it requires repeated tests, and human experimentation is not allowed. That's why this study has progressed so slowly. But one day, as I was watching the news, I found a way to get as many subjects as I would ever need, the ten thousand people!"
The hair on the back of Asuna`s neck stood on end. Oberon didn't have to say it; she could already imagine what he was going to say.
"Kayaba-senpai... he was a genius, but he was also a fool. He obviously had the ability, but he was content with just creating a game world. Even then, his SAO server could not be touched. But the moment the players were liberated, I was able to take part of that world as mine by hacking into it through the router; it was that easy."
Making a movement like he was holding a goblet, the fairy king put out his hand and swirled it, as though he were going to drink an invisible wine.
"Well, waiting for the game to be cleared took a long time. But even though I couldn't get everyone, I managed to obtain 300 test subjects. In reality, there is no facility that could store that many people, but virtual reality has more than enough room!"
Oberon continued rattling off his delusions. From the beginning, Asuna had hated this about his character.
"Thanks to the 300 players from the old SAO server, our research has made great progress in just two months! Embedding new objects in memories, techniques for inducing emotion... this technology has largely taken shape. The manipulation of the soul – truly wonderful!"
"This kind of study... do you think my father would allow it?"
"That old man has no idea, of course. This study is being conducted by a very small team and in absolute secrecy. It would otherwise become quite the commodity."
"Commodity...!?"
"A certain American company is practically drooling as it waits for this research to finish. I plan to sell technology at a very high price. Anyway, it will all be owned by RECTO, and RECTO will eventually become mine."
"..."
"I will soon became a part of the Yuuki family. First, as an adopted son, I would qualify as the successor to RECTO. As your spouse, that is only fitting. I thought it was not a bad idea for us to have a rehearsal right here and now."
A sense of disgust caused a cold shudder down her back, and Asuna slowly but very firmly shook her head.
"That is one thing I absolutely will not allow. On the day that I return to reality, I will shed light on these atrocities."
"Good grief, you still do not understand. I keep speaking freely only because you'll soon forget it all! All that is left will be..."
Oberon suddenly stopped; he tilted his head and fell silent. Then, shaking his left hand to open the window, he turned toward it and gave instructions.
"I'm coming now; wait for instructions."
The window disappeared, and he turned back to Asuna with grin.
"Be warned, for the day you fall blindly in love with me is fast approaching. Either you submit to me now, or I turn your brain into a stage for one of my experiments. So next time you see me, please be a little more submissive, Titania."
After stroking Asuna`s hair as though she were a cat, he turned away.
With her head bowed down, Asuna did not watch Oberon leave. Her mind kept replaying Oberon's last words and the horror they engendered.
'Click!' echoed through the room as the door locked itself, once again leaving only silence.

* * *

After changing back into her uniform, Suguha left the kendo clubroom. A burst of refreshing wind caressed her cheeks as she walked between the school buildings with her bamboo sword held loosely in hand.
It was half-past-one, but, because fifth period classes had already begun, the school was very quiet. At this time, first- and second-year students were in class, but third-year students could freely choose when to attend until they begun to focus on tutorial lectures for high school entrance examinations. Only people like Suguha, who already had a recommendation, were walking around.
She had leisure time, but people who are in the same year would often say sarcastic words when they met. Suguha generally does not go to school without a reason. Her kendo teacher is a strict but warm-hearted instructor. He cares about his beloved disciple, who had been recommended admission to a top-ranking school. Still, Suguha continued coming to school every day to follow his strict training.
According to him, Suguha had recently developed a subtle habit. After hearing this, Suguha thought about what might have caused it. It was probably because she enters the world of ALfheim and trains in aerial combat every day, albeit for a short time.
However, he never said that it made her worse or that it gave her a harder time. And today, she was even able to get two points off the 30-year-old male advisor, who was also one of the highest-ranked kendo practitioners in the country.
She didn't know why, but she recently seemed to be able to read her opponents' attacks more easily. Whenever she fought a strong enemy, her nerves would strain, and the flow of time seemed to slow and made everything seem much more intense.
She remembered an incident a few days ago when she had sparred with Kazuto. At that time, he had dodged one of her best attacks, one that people can't easily escape. That kind of superb responsiveness made it seem like he was experiencing it at a completely different rate than she was. Perhaps, Suguha suddenly considered, FullDive experiences affected the physical body.
She became lost in thought as she made her way to the bike rack until someone suddenly called to her from the shadows.
"Lyfa-chan."
"Wha..!"
Suguha jumped forward a step in surprise. A somewhat-thin boy wearing glasses had appeared from in front of her. He and Recon shared the common characteristic of lowering the eyebrows when troubled, but, right now, the angle of the eyebrows was even more tilted.
Suguha placed her right hand on her hip and spoke with a little sigh in her voice.
"Do not call me that while at school!"
"S...sorry, Suguha-chan!"
"That's..."
Suguha used one hand to remove the cover of her bamboo sword case before stepping forward. The boy showed a helpless smile and quickly shook his head.
"Right, I'm sorry, Kirigaya-san."
"What's going on, Nagata-san?"
"I need to speak with you; is there somewhere we can go to talk casually?"
"Here is good."
Shinichi Nagata made a miserable face and dropped his shoulders.
"Anyway, you already have a recommendation, so why did you still come to school?"
"Ah, Sugu—, Kirigaya-san, I wanted to talk with you. I had waited here since early this morning."
"Gah! You sure have lots of time."
Suguha took a few steps back and kneeled down next to a relatively high flower bed.
"What do you want to talk about?"
Nagata Shinichi sat down and, maintaining a certain distance from Suguha, said:
"Sigurd and the others want to go hunting tomorrow afternoon. There are some underwater caves, so Salamanders rarely go there."
"I told you, I prefer talking about hunting by e-mail. Anyway, I'm sorry, but I won't be participating for a while."
"Eh.. eh!? Why?"
"I'm going to Aarun."
Towering in the center of ALfheim is the world tree, and near its base lies the great neutral city, Aarun. Sylvian is a considerable distance from Aarun. It is a trip that would take several days, especially because there were areas where flight was not possible.
Nagata Shinichi stiffened for a moment but then drew closer to her and asked:
"Are you going with that Spriggan from yesterday?"
"Ah, yeah. I promised I would show him around."
"You.. you're not thinking right! I don't know why you're spending your nights with that strange guy!"
"Why are you blushing? Don't imagine weird things!"
She took her shinai and pressed it against his chest. Nagata`s eyebrows painfully drooped to their limit, and he looked at Suguha with resentment.
"I have asked you before if you wanted to go to Aarun with me, but you objected very firmly."
"That's because we'd be wiped out, no matter how many times I go with you. Anyway, that's my reason, so tell Sigurd for me."
Suguha stood up, bid him a "see you," and went straight to the bike rack. Nagata's pitiful expression, like that of a dog that was struck after a scolding, pained her a bit. Even so, rumors were already circulating around school. She doesn't want to appear any closer to him.
'I am just showing him the way, that's all.'
She told herself this to calm her beating heart. But when she thought of the teen named Kirito, his mysterious black eyes made it impossible for her to calm down.
Quickly removing the lock on her bike, which was parked in a corner of the vast parking lot, she pedaled away. The cold winter air blew across her cheeks, but Suguha simply ignored it. Leaving through the back gate of the school, she rode down a steep slope without worrying about using her breaks.
'Fly fast,' was what Suguha was thinking. Flying together with Kirito at top speed... she was getting excited just thinking about it.

Suguha arrived home shortly before two.
Kazuto's bike wasn't in the garden, he must not have returned from the gym yet.
Recently, Kazuto seemed to have recovered the physical abilities he had had before the SAO incident. But he was not satisfied, feeling a disparity in physical capabilities between his body in reality and in the virtual world.
This is definitely understandable, considering that it is impossible to replicate the abilities of a virtual character with a living body. Even Suguha understood that, as she had nearly fallen down once or twice when she had expected to catch herself with the «Flight» ability.
Stepping into the house from the porch, Suguha went into the laundry room, put her clothes into the washing machine, and pressed the ON switch. She then entered her room, where she took off her gray sailor shirt and skirt and hung them on the wall hook.


Suguha put her hand over her chest while standing in her underwear. Although she had returned home from school by riding her bike at high-speeds, her heart rate should have settled down shortly. But it is still around ninety beats per minute now.
That was not all due to exercise, but she wanted to confirm it. Suguha tried taking deep breaths to calm herself down, but her thoughts kept her BPM high. 'What was I thinking, ah, it's not that I don`t want to take him to Aarun, but I already have my brother... Really, I don't know why I'm thinking this... I'm so stupidstupidstupid!'
Coming to the conclusion that she was being stupid with her feelings, she put on a large t-shirt and shorts and settled down on her bed.
She took the Amusphere helmet off the shelf, turned it on, put it on her head, and closed her eyes. Then, after taking a deep breath, she intoned a magical spell:
"LINK START!"
After passing through the connection process and moving her consciousness to the body of the fairy swordswoman Lyfa, she opened her eyes to the Lily of the Valley Pavillion.
No one sat at the other side of the table, of course. The meeting time wouldn't be close for a while. There was plenty of time to make preparations for the journey.
Leaving the shop, the city of Sylvain was covered in a beautiful sunrise.
In consideration of those who can only log-in under specific time constraints each day, a day in ALfheim lasted only sixteen real hours long. Therefore, time here was often inconsistent with reality. The menu window has a real time display next to the ALfheim time, so people don't lose track of time; it was initially somewhat confusing, but Lyfa learned to like it.
She went around to a few shops, bought a lot of things, and got back with a little time to spare. Returning to the inn, she pushed open the door and noticed that a black figure had begun materializing at a table.
Kirito completed logging in and blinked a few times before smiling as he noticed Lyfa approaching.
"Hey, you're early."
"Yeah, I got here some time ago. I did a little shopping."
"Ah, is that so... It seems like I need to prepare too."
"I bought some general items, so you don't need worry about that, but..."
She examined Kirito`s shabby starting armor and sword.
"You'll need better equipment for yourself."
"I think so, too. I definitely think this sword is very unreliable."
"About money.. do you have any? If not, I can lend you some."
"Well..."
Kirito summoned his menu window by waving his left hand, but, after a glance, his face became stiff.
"Is it this «Yurudo» thing?"
"Yes, it is. Do you not have any money?"
"No, no, I have some.. quite a lot of it."
"Then let's go to the equipment shop!"
"Alright."
At that moment, Kirito stood up in panic, searching his body until he finally looked in his breast pocket.
"Hey, Yui, we're going."
As she climbed out of the pocket, the black-haired pixie's face appeared, looking a little sleepy and stretching into a huge yawn.
Lyfa brought Kirito to the equipment shops, but, by the time they had finished outfitting him, the streets were wrapped in the morning light.
Kirito's armor was easy enough to find, it being a pair of pants, a shirt with strengthened defensive attributes, long coat that covered him. However, Kirito had spent a long time choosing a sword, seeming unsatisfied no matter which sword he examined.
The shopkeeper would hand him a sword, Kirito would play with it before handing it back saying, "It needs to be heavier," and the process would repeat. Kirito eventually came to one that suited his taste, a great sword about as tall as him, and bought it. It was a tapered blade with a shiny black sheen that revealed an unusual weight. This was probably equipment made for an Imp or Gnome, the tall races that used these swords.
In ALO, the amount of damage dealt is determined by «Weapon Attack Power» and «Sword Swing Speed». To the player, Sylphs and Cait Siths are more favourable for speed, supplementing damage dealt with their superior speed. But power-type players can easily equip the weapons that are enormous in size and strength. This trade-off of power and speed created a balance between the different races in the game.
Sylphs with high enough skill can equip hammers and axes, but Sylphs' hidden and permanent strength paramenter doesn't allow them to use those weapons effectively. Spriggans are a multi-weapon race, but Kirito, no matter how one looked at him, had a speed-type body.
"That kind of sword, will you be able to use it properly?"
Hearing Lyfa's amazed question, Kirito just nodded with a cool expression.
"That won't be a problem."
Since he was saying it was okay, she had to accept it. After paying for the sword, he hung the sheath onto his back, but because of its length, the tip almost brushed the ground.
Kirito now looked like a child imitating a swordsman and, thinking of this, Lyfa had to hold back her smile as she said: "Well, now our preparations are complete! So now, for a while, I'll be in your care."
Lyfa offered her right hand to Kirito, and, smiling shyly, Kirito also stretched out his right hand; the two shook hands.
"I as well, so please support me."
Flying out of the pocket, Yui tapped their clasped hands and said:
"Let's do our best! Our target is the World Tree!"

Burdened with a giant sword strapped to his back and Yui sitting on his shoulder, Kirito followed Lyfa until they came to a beautiful, shining, emerald-green tower.
This was the symbol of the Sylphs, the «Tower of the Wind». No matter how many times you saw it, the beauty of the tower was stunning. As she thought this, Lyfa turned to the side to see the black-clothed Spriggan glaring at the tower with an undisguised disgust. Lyfa suppressed a smile and said to him.
"Before we leave, do you want to practice braking?"
"...It's all right; from now on, I've decided to fly safely."
Kirito answered with a helpless expression.
"Also, why are we coming to the tower? Do you have business here?"
"I have no other business, but, before you start a long-distance flight, it is better to begin at higher points. You can use the height to your advantage."
"Ah, I see."
She pushed the nodding Kirito from the back and started walking forward.
"Let's go! I want to get through the forest before night arrives."
"I am not very familiar with the terrain. Could you lead the way?"
"Leave it to me!"
Lyfa patted her chest and turned to look into the depths of the tower.
There stood the Lord's beautiful mansion in morning sunlight. The Sylph Lord Sakuya is a female player she had known since a while ago. 'Since I will be leaving town for a while, I should tell her,' Lyfa suddenly thought. But the flag pole rising from the center of the building wasn't displaying the Sylph flag. This is rare, meaning that Sakuya was not home today.
"Is something wrong?"
Kirito tilted his head to ask, but Lyfa shook her head, deciding she would e-mail Sakuya later. They passed through the front door of the Tower of the Wind and went inside.
The first floor has a vast, circular lobby with shops of all kinds along the outer wall. The lobby has two mana-driven elevators in the very center that, from time to time, suck-in or spit-out players. In ALfheim, dawn has just passed, while in reality, night is approaching. This meant that the number of players will soon begin increasing by the minute.
She held Kirito`s hand and headed towards the right elevator that was just coming down.
Suddenly, several players appeared in front of them, blocking their way. Lyfa nearly fell, but her wings spread and steadied her.
"That was a little dangerous, wasn't it?"
Lyfa complained reflexively, but the tall man blocking her way turned out to be a familiar face.
He stood taller than the average Sylph and had a rough yet handsome face that was the result of tremendous luck or considerable investments. His body was wrapped around some heavy silver armor, and a huge broad sword hung at his waist. His wide forehead was split by a circlet, and dark green hair fell down to his shoulders. This man, whose name was Sigurd, was the vanguard of the party Lyfa had been with for the past few weeks. She saw his party members with him. Thinking that Recon might also be here, Lyfa looked around but couldn't see his eye-catching yellow-green hair.
Lyfa and Sigurd often competed for the title of the strongest Sylph swordsman. He was also a powerful politician, a part of the mainstream bureaucracy that the often shy Lyfa stayed out of. Although the current «Sylph Lord», a player chosen by a vote once a month and who also decided things like how to spend player-collected taxes, is Sakuya, Sigurd, whose fame is about even with Sakuya's, is also a part of that group of super-active players.
His massive gaming time also meant that his rare equipment and skill proficiency are far beyond Lyfa's. In a one-on-one match, Lyfa needed all of her superior maneuverability to win, and even then, it was still hard for her to overcome his strong defenses. But during a hunt he, the vanguard, was a reliable partner. However, his self-righteous speech and attitude grated on Lyfa, who disliked restraint. Thus, although the present party was very efficient in hunting, she had been thinking that the time was coming for her to leave it.
As he stood in front of Lyfa, Sigurd's posture displayed his arrogance to its maximum. It seemed things will become very troublesome— thinking of this, Lyfa opened her mouth and said:
"Good morning, Sigurd."
Despite Lyfa having greeted him with a smiling face, Sigurd was not in the mood to answer. Instead, he replied in a strained tone:
"You want to leave the party, Lyfa?"
Sigurd looked to be in an extremely foul mood; Lyfa had considered telling him that this was just a trip to and from Aarun, but, since it has became so troublesome, she instead nodded her head and said:
"Yeah, sort of. I was able to save plenty of money, so I'll be taking it easy for a while."
"How selfish; what about the other party members?"
"Selfish!?"
That recalled a memory in Lyfa. After a recent «Duel Event» where she defeated him after a fierce fight, Sigurd had invited her to join his party. Lyfa had accepted the offer on two conditions: she would only participate when she can and she could quit if she wanted to. Specifically, she wanted him to know that she doesn't want to be tied down with responsibilities.
Sigurd lifted his eyebrows as his words continued:
"You are a well-known member of my team. If you suddenly go and join another team, it would be like you threw mud on my face!"
"..."
Lyfa was rendered speechless by Sigurd's holier-than-thou speech. 'So that's how it really is,' she thought.
Lyfa suddenly remembered Recon's rare but serious advice after he had joined Sigurd's party as her partner.
Recon had told her to avoid getting too deeply involved. The reason was that Sigurd doesn't want Lyfa for her strength, he wanted her for his party's fame. That is, he wanted to be in command of the one that beat him so that he wouldn't lose respect.
'How could that happen,' Lyfa had laughed, but Recon had remained very persuasive: 'ALO is a difficult MMO game. As such, female players are so scarce that players have a tendency to idolize them, even if they lack combat ability. Especially you; since Lyfa-chan is such a sweet girl, you are rarer than some piece of legendary equipment that most want to own. In reality, he wants to use your presence in his team to show off and increase his status.'
Recon had said more gibberish, but Lyfa had thrown him a withering look over her shoulder and quieted him down before she seriously thought about it. But being an idol isn't something she understood. For an MMORPG that has much to remember, she didn't want to complicate things, so she stopped thinking about it. So far, she had remained as a member of the party without any significant problems, until today...
Looking at the angry Sigurd in front of her, Lyfa felt as though a constricting thread had painfully wrapped around her body. The main reason she played ALO was to escape all the shackles and restraints of reality, to experience flying unfettered through the sky.
But perhaps she was too ignorant, too naive. Even if everyone in the virtual world had wings, forgetting gravity was merely an illusion.
Lyfa / Suguha, recalled how, in elementary school, an upperclassman in kendo had bullied her. Although the upperclassman had been a champion since entering kendo, he couldn't beat the younger Suguha during a match. He later took revenge, attacking Suguha on her way home with the help of several friends... a shameful deed. What he had done then was like Sigurd's attitude was now, full of anger and resentment.
The results would be the same here...
Lyfa, overwhelmed by despair, bowed her head down. At this time, from behind her like a shadow and unnoticed until now, Kirito spoke up:
"Companions are not items to be used!"
"Whaa...?"
For a second, Lyfa didn't understand the meaning of this sentence. Then, Lyfa's eyes opened wide and looked at Kirito. Sigurd's voice increased in volume:
"What!?"
Kirito stepped in between Lyfa and Sigurd, and he looked Sigurd in the eye, even though Sigurd was a head taller than him. "I'm saying, you shouldn't look at other players like an important sword or armor that can be locked into an equipment slot."
"Wha... you dare to..."
At Kirito's straightforward words, Sigurd suddenly flushed bright red, and he rolled up his cloak as he moved his hand toward the hilt of his sword.
"You do not understand the situation, you filthy Spriggan! Lyfa, are you going to work with this guy now?! He's probably a «Renegade» that came here after being banished from his own territory!"
Sigurd assumed a posture to draw his sword. As he said those words, Lyfa finally lost her temper and shouted back:
"Do not say such rude words to Kirito-kun! He is my new partner!"
"What...what do you mean?"
With veins throbbing on his forehead, Sigurd replied in flustered consternation.
"Lyfa, do you mean to abandon this territory...?"
At those words, Lyfa's eyes opened wide.
ALO players are generally divided into two categories of play style.
The first use their own territory as a base, partner within their race, and give a part of the money they earn as taxes to further the development of the ethnic forces. Lyfa and Sigurd are this type of player. The other type leave their territory, use a neutral city as a base, and form parties with players of different races. The former tend to hold the latter in contempt, as the latter often lacked a sense of purpose, were abandoned and disdained, or were exiled from their race's territory as Renegades.
In Lyfa's case, her sense of being a Sylph was weak, as was her sense of belonging to this community. The reason she has stayed in Sylvain is half because of its beauty and half because she didn't want to move. But now, thanks to Sigurd's remarks, a desire to become free quickly emerged.
"Yes, right. I intend to leave here," Lyfa blurted out without thinking.
Sigurd's mouth distorted in anger, his teeth biting his lip. He suddenly drew his broad sword, glaring furiously at Kirito.
"I was going to leave you alone since you are a worm crawling around in front of me. But if you are a thief, you would do well not to be so arrogant. Walking leisurely around the territory of other races, I can cut you up any way I want without any complaint from you, isn't that right?"
Despite Sigurd's dramatic words and behavior, Kirito only slightly shrugged his shoulders.
Kirito was truly a fearless person, and even Lyfa was shocked. She prepared to fight against Sigurd, moving her hand to the sword at her waist. The air around them suddenly became tense.
At this point, Sigurd's partner moved up and whispered some words to him:
"Bad news, Sigurd. If you kill a defenseless opponent like that in front of so many people..."
Somehow, a circle of onlookers had already surrounded them, drawn by the signs of trouble. If this was a formal duel, or if he were an actual Spriggan spy, then fine. But it would be dishonorable if Sigurd instigated a fight with a tourist like Kirito, who can't even fight back in this area.
Sigurd bared his teeth in frustration and stared down Kirito before sheathing his sword.
"It would be best if we ran away and hid, Lyfa."
Ignoring Kirito's words, Sigurd returned his attention back to Lyfa.
"Because you betrayed me.. sooner or later you will regret this."
"I would have regretted it more if I stayed longer."
"If you ever wish to come back, you had better return on your knees."
Having finished, Sigurd turned and walked toward the exit of the tower. The two players accompanying Sigurd looked in her direction for a moment as though they wanted to say something, but they gave up and turned to leave.
After all three of them disappeared, Lyfa took a deep breath, looked at Kirito, and said:
"Sorry to get you involved in such a strange event..."
"No, no, it seems like I became the oil that was poured on this fire of a situation. But is this really okay with you? Giving up your territory?"
"Ah."
Unsure of what to say, Lyfa pushed Kirito's back and moved toward the elevator. After forcing their way through the crowd, they reached the elevator, and she pressed the button for the top floor. From the bottom of the translucent glass shaft, came a disc-shaped stone; a green light slowly engulfed it, and they began rising rapidly after stepping into it.
When the elevator stopped, the glass wall opened without a sound, and the white light of the morning sun and a refreshing wind poured into the room.
Leaving the shaft, she walked out onto the observation platform from the top of the tower briskly. She has been here many times in the past, but the vast panorama that stretched in all directions still made her heart soar in exhilaration.
Sylph territory was in the southwest part of ALfheim. To the west was a grassland that opens into the infinitely bright, blue sea. To the east was a deep forest that surrounded the lilac-covered mountains, and on the far side of the mountains, rising high into the sky and uniting everything in its shadow was the World Tree.
"Wow... what an amazing view...!"
Following Lyfa from the elevator, Kirito`s eyes opened wide as he looked at the scenery.
"The sky seems so close that you could almost reach out your hand to grasp it."
Seeing his eyes reflecting the scenery, Lyfa looked out with Kirito, raised her head, and looked up to the blue sky, stretching her right hand out toward the sky and saying:
"That's right. Compared to the sky, everything else seems very small."
"..."
Somewhat surprised at the sudden smile Kirito gave her, Lyfa then answered his smile, and continued:
"This is a great opportunity. I always planned to fly from here one day. Then, I had been scared to do it alone, and I couldn't easily muster the determination necessary."
"Is that so? But, this became a fighting goodbye somehow."
"In that state, I would have not been able to leave peacefully anyway. Why..."
Lyfa remarks, half to herself.
"Why am I still tied and bound even though I have wings..."
The answer to Lyfa's words came not from Kirito but from the one sitting on his shoulder, the pixie named Yui, who had just climbed out from under his coat collar.
"Being a human is complicated."
Yui answered in a silver bell-like tone; then she flew up and landed on the other side of Kirito to sit down before she took his ear in her hand and whispered:
"This kind of complex human behaviour, the desire for others, I cannot understand the psychology behind it."
For a moment, Lyfa forgot that the other was a program, stared straight at Yui`s face.
"The desire?"
"I understand that the impulse to seek another's heart is a basic behavioral principle of humans. And that's considering what I am based from. If it were up to me..."
Yui suddenly clung to Kirito's face with both hands and kissed him soundly.
"I would do this. A very simple demonstration."
Seeing what Yui just did, Lyfa`s eyes went wide; with a wry smile, Kirito poked Yui on the forehead with the tip of a finger. "But the human world is more complex than that. If you did it that directly, it would be considered harassment, and you would be banned."
"It needs style and dignity, right?"
"... I'm begging you: don't go remembering strange things."
Lyfa was amazed, and she kept watching Kirito and Yui as they talked until she finally opened her mouth and said:
"That AI is really incredible. Are all «Private Pixies» like that?"
"This one is especially strange."
Kirito said as he took Yui by her collar and placed her back in his breast pocket.
"But is it alright to desire another person's heart?"
Lyfa mulled Yui's words as she stretched.
Then, even my feelings of wanting to fly to anywhere I want in this world, deep inside, they mean that I just want to find someone? Inadvertently, her mind flashed and Kazuto`s face appeared, causing her heart to suddenly thump.
Could this be why I want to use the fairy wings, so that I can fly over obstacles in the real world and finally go into Kazuto's arms? Is that what I really want...?
"I could never..."
She was thinking too much, she decided. 'Right now, I simply want to fly. That's it.'
"Did you say something?"
"No, it's nothing. Let's hurry up and depart."
Lyfa smiled at Kirito, and she looked up towards the sky. It was the dawn of a brilliant sky, and, at the touch of the golden sun, the clouds gradually dispersed, leaving an endless stretch of deep blue sky. Today was going to be a fine day.
After using the Locater Stone at the center of the observatory platform to set Kirito's return point, Lyfa spread her wings, gently shaking the four pieces.
"Ready?"
"Yes."
Kirito, as well as Yui in the pocket, nodded confirmation, and Lyfa was just about to take off when...
"Lyfa-chan!"
She was called to a stop by a person who had rolled out of the elevator, and Lyfa let the foot that had started to float settle back onto the platform.
"Oh, Recon."
"That's so mean... you could have at least let me know before you left!"
"Sorry, I forgot."
Recon's shoulders drooped, but he took up a face with a serious expression and said:
"Lyfa-chan, is it true that you left the team?"
"It is... but about half of that decision was made in the heat of the moment. What about you?"
"I've decided; I want to pledge my sword to Lyfa-chan."
"No, I don't really need it."
Recon stumbled at Lyfa's words, his wings drooping, but he did not give up because of something like that.
"Originally, I would have said that we should just go together, but I have some things to do."
"What...?"
"There is no positive proof, so I want to investigate more. I will stay in Sigurd's party for now... Kirito-san."
Recon turned to Kirito with a serious expression on his face.
"She has a habit of jumping into trouble, so please be careful."
"Oh, I see."
Kirito seemed to be amused by Recon's expression, and he nodded his head.
"Also, I want to tell you that she is my— Ack!!"
The last words were from a scream caused by Lyfa stomping on Recon's foot.
"Do not say anything unnecessary! I think I will stay in the neutral zone for some time, but if anything comes up, e-mail me!"
Lyfa said quickly, before she spread her wings and rose gently into the air. Looking toward Recon's exposed face with some regret, Lyfa waved goodbye with her right hand.
"... Even without me, practice voluntary flight until you can do it perfectly, and don't go too close to Salamander territory! Bye!"
"Take care Lyfa! I will catch up soon!"
The avatar cried that out despite the fact that the person inside would meet Lyfa soon in school anyway; still, the strong feelings of that parting overwhelmed her with emotions, and she became flustered and suddenly changed her direction. She gazed northeast before resetting her wings to a wider angle and began gliding.
Kirito soon caught up with her, and, as he fought back a smile, said:
"Is he a friend from the real world?"
"Well, yeah."
"Mmm."
"...What was that?"
"Nothing; I just think it's nice."
After what Kirito said, the pixie hiding in his chest pocket also said.
"I am very aware of that person's feelings: he likes Lyfa. Lyfa, how do you see him?"
"I don't know!!"
Lyfa cried out loudly, increasing her speed to hide her blushing face. Although she has become accustomed to these kinds of straightforward expressions from Recon, for some reason, when in front of Kirito, she became very shy.
Recovering only to find they had already left the city and were flying above the forest. Lyfa turned around to watch the city of emerald disappear as she flew backwards.
At the thought of leaving Sylvain after having lived over a year on its streets, a feeling of nostalgia entered her heart and a pain entered her chest, but the thrill of flying into an unknown world eased the pain. Bye-bye, Lyfa said to herself before turning to face forward.
"..Let's go! I want to reach that lake in one flight!"
Lyfa pointed to the lake that sparkled in the distance, speeding up her wings.

* * *

The cold touch of his fingers sent shivers up her arms, Asuna endured.
At the center of the birdcage rested a huge bed. Oberon lay flat on the bed with his loose green toga, he took Asuna's left hand and caressed her skin as she sat beside him facing away. He enjoyed the situation where he could attack her whenever he felt like it. His perfectly created face has a fake smile stuck on it.
Just a little while ago, Oberon entered the cage and laid on the bed, he had told her to come beside him. Asuna wanted nothing to do with the man and declined, but seeing his hand manipulating something, she sensed danger heading to her.
She still fought back her disgust and obeyed; the man has severe mood swings, but she was afraid she would be deprived of even more freedom. However, Oberon was looking forward to Asuna's resistance. He wanted to savour Asuna's aversion to him, before his use of the system administrator's rights to restrict her movement. Asuna wanted to maintain her freedom within the cage at least. So that escape from there was a possibility.
But there was a limit. If he touched her body, Asuna would probably jam her right fist into his face. But Asuna didn't react; no matter how much he stroked her arm, her body was like a stone. Seeing that, Oberon was disappointed that he couldn't make her squirm, and removed his hand.
"Oh well, you're a stubborn woman too."
Oberon disdainfully said. Asuna was offended by his mere voice, as it was a perfect replica of Sugou`s so this was yet another source of dislike.
"Anyway, this body is fake. Nothing I do will leave any scars. Being in such a place all day, aren't you bored? Hey, don't you want to have a little fun?"
"You don't seem to understand. It doesn't matter if this body is flesh and blood, or virtual; it is real, at least for me."
"Do you want to say that the mind will become dirty?"
Oberon`s cuckoo-like laugh came from his throat.
"Anyway, until I've secured my position in RECTO, I will not let you out. So I think you should be wise to learn to like it. This system is actually very profound, do you understand?"
"I'm not interested. And I will not stay here forever... he will definitely come to help."
"Eh? Who? Him? The hero, Kirito?"
Hearing his name, Asuna`s body trembled a bit. Oberon laughed and sat up. It seems that he finally found the switch to break Asuna`s heart... and he started babbling.
"His real name is Kirigaya Kazuto, right? I met him, face-to-face a few days ago."
"!!"
After hearing this, Asuna looked at Oberon.
"Oh, the emaciated child actually is the Hero of SAO... ah, to be honest, I cannot believe it! Or is it that he is that kind of person, a so-called game fanatic?"
Oberon was overjoyed, and sat up as he continued on.
"I met him... and can you guess where? He was in your ward, where your real body was. As he sat in front of the sleeping you, I told him I was going to marry you this week. His face when I said that was a masterpiece!! Like a dog without a bone, that expression of hopelessness could not be reconciled. I felt like having a good laugh!!"
Oberon's body shook as his strange laugh splintered the air.
"So you really believe that guy would come and save you? We can make a bet, I don't think that guy would have even the courage to once again pick up the Nerve Gear! The chances of him even knowing you are in this game are slim. Oh, yes, I will give him a wedding invitation. He will come to see what you look like wearing a wedding dress. I think that this level of conflict would lead to his destruction. To the hero!"
Asuna bowed her head again, slowly turning her back on Oberon, looking at the big mirror beside the bed. Then she feebly dropped her shoulders, her hands tightly clutching the mattress.
Seeing Asuna this way, Oberon was very satisfied. Asuna watched in the mirror as he left the bed and stood up.
"At the time, the surveillance cameras were turned off, so it was a pity being unable to take a picture of his expression. I would have brought it if I had a picture. If there is a chance, I will try it next time. It is a separation of necessity, Titania, and even if it is a bit lonely, endure it until the day after tomorrow."
After a final laugh, Oberon turned around, and with his toga swinging, walked toward the door.
In the mirror, Oberon slowly faded away, but Asuna wept tears of joy and cheered in her heart.
Kirito-kun! Kirito-kun is still alive and well!
Since being imprisoned here, that was Asuna's greatest concern. Only she had been transferred to this world, that he had disappeared and his consciousness had been destroyed. No matter how much she denied it, these thoughts had been a poison constantly dripping in her mind.
Now, however, Oberon`s speech dispelled this concern.
Really, that guy thinks he is so smart, but in fact, he is a fool. It has always been that way. He can't seem to stop belittling others with speech. Although he often played the hypocrite in front of Asuna's parents, in front of Asuna and her older brother, Sugou's poisonous tongue against others was always used.
The same is true now. If he had truly wanted to break her heart, he shouldn't have told her about Kirito in the real world. He should have told her that Kirito had died.
Kirito is still alive and doing well in the real world.
Asuna repeated this one sentence in her mind. Each time she repeats this, the light in her heart became stronger and more stable.
If he is alive, he would not just sit around. He will find this world, he will certainly come. Therefore, she should not just be a prisoner. She must find out what she could do and act decisively.
Asuna continued to put on a sad face. Through the mirror, she could see that Oberon had reached the door and had turned around to glance at her, to confirm Asuna's situation.
The door had a small metal plate with twelve buttons arranged side by side. Just entering the numbers in the correct order would open the door.
It was a wonder how he could still do this kind of troublesome thing instead of just using his administrator's privileges to directly open the door. Apparently, Oberon has his own sense of aesthetics, he doesn't want to bring system related things here. He just wanted to be a fairy king, with an imprisoned fairy queen to abuse.
It was a stupid performance.
Oberon raised his hand, operating in front of the metal plate. From where he was standing, Asuna could not clearly see the details of his action due to system distance effect, so that when he does press a button, she will not know which. Oberon must have also taken this into account, that a cell with such a lock is safe.
This is true, for a direct view of Oberon.
Oberon used Nerve Gear to connect to the virtual world, but his time in the virtual world is limited. Therefore, there are a lot of things that he does not understand. For example, in the virtual world, mirrors do not comply with optics.
Asuna pretends to cry, straining her eyes in the mirror from close range. There, clearly reflected, is Oberon, an image with a clarity far too high. In the real world, no matter how close your eyes are to the mirror you can't see far away objects. Here the mirror is just a ultra-high resolution screen and the distance effect doesn't apply. Thus, even the activities of Oberon's fingers are clearly visible.
This was an idea Asuna had thought of long ago. However, when Oberon left the prison, she didn't have a chance to be close to the mirror. Right now, Asuna was able to take advantage of this opportunity.
... 8... 11... 3... 2... 9......
Asuna watched closely as Oberon`s white fingers pressed the code, and Asuna quickly took it to heart. The door opened, Oberon went out, and the door crashed shut. With his jade-colored fairy wings rocking, he moved along the road in the tree, eventually disappearing.
Asuna stayed in place, staring at the checkered floor of the cage.
She has only obtained the following information so far:
This is inside a type of VRMMO, similar to SAO, called «ALfheim Online» and the game is operated officially to attract a large number of players. Oberon / Sugou used the ALO server to take some of the SAO players, about three hundred people, hostage through «Brain Imprisonment» for use as subjects in illegal human experimentation. That is all.
When asked as to why he initiated such dangerous and illegal experimentation in a public game, Sugou whiningly said, "Do you know how much money it takes to run this system? It took ten million just for this one server! This way the company can have profits, and I can do my research, two birds with one stone."
So it's about money, which is good for Asuna. If it was a fully enclosed environment, there was nothing she could do. Since this world is closely linked to the real world, then there is hope.
The day in-game flies faster than in the real world, Asuna once heard Oberon say. That exact calculation was difficult, but Oberon solved it for her without meaning to.
He often visited every other day. When his business was completed, he would use a terminal system within the company to get here. Asuna knew that he has a tendency to stick to the life cycle he finds so familiar, so she didn't think his schedule ever changes. Thus, the best time to do something would be after he goes home to sleep.
Of course, there are more people associated with this plot than just him. However, this is by nature a crime, so it is hard to imagine that all the companies associated with ALO are mixed up in it. They might just be a few people, all of whom are probably directly under Sugou's command. Even so, it would not be possible to monitor the interior of ALO full time because there is no one in the working class willing to work all night.
To escape from this cage, it would be necessary to somehow slip past their eyes and find the terminal located somewhere in the system. Once I have access, it would be possible to log out, if not I can try to send a message out. Asuna laid on the bed, placed her face in the pillow, and waited for time to pass.

Chapter 4
Watching Kirito fight, Lyfa was half-awed and half-stunned.
They were in the skies over the expanse of Ancient Forest in northeastern Sylph territory; a little further and they would pass into the vicinity of the plateau. Sylvain was already so far behind them that no matter how much you strained your eyes, the jade tower could not be seen.
They were pushing through the depths of the so-called neutral zone, so the spawned monsters were powerful and considerably high-leveled. Kirito was currently fighting three one-eyed winged-lizard monsters, «Evil Glancer», simultaneously. Their strength was about equal to the boss monsters of lower level dungeons in Sylph territory.
Besides their basic strength, the real trouble was that their big, purple eyes could release the «Evil Eye» attack – a type of curse magic that would significantly reduce one's stats for a period of time when it hit. Lyfa was maintaining her distance and acting as a support role. Whenever a curse hit Kirito, Lyfa would incant the counter spell, but honestly whether or not the need existed was up in the air.
To Kirito who gripped the greatsword reaching near his height, the words defense and evasion did not exist in his dictionary; and as if to display this berserk style, the lizards were dropped one after another. He simply didn't care about the likes of the lizards' tails' long-distance attacks; as he swung the greatsword while charging, many lizards would be caught in the gale at once, getting hewed into little pieces. With the terrible might of the blows, what was at first five lizards had diminished to one just like that. The last one tried to run away at around 20% HP. It let out a pitiable scream as it sought to take refuge in the forest, but Lyfa raised her left hand, activating a long range homing-type vacuum magic. Four or five boomerang-like blades made of green light quickly caught up to the lizard and cut it to shreds. Shortly afterward, the blue reptile's large body scattered into blue polygons of light, signalling the quick end of the fifth fight of the day.
A large metallic sound accompanied the sheathing of the sword, Lyfa raised her right hand as she saw Kirito lightly approaching in the air.
"Good work—"
"Thanks for the cover—"
Their hands met in a high-five, and the two exchanged smiles.
"But how should I describe it... your combat style is just so reckless."
Hearing Lyfa say that, Kirito scratched his head.
"I-Is that so?"
"Generally, it is a good idea to use hit and run tactics for evasion, but you just hit and hit!"
"In return we can finish faster, so isn't it fine?"
"That might work in situations with similar monsters like today, but not if you run into a group of monsters with a combination of melee and long-range types, for example. If we end up fighting a player party they will definitely use magic so you have to be careful."
"Magic—? Can't I just avoid it?"
"There are many types of long-range magic; for power-type magic that go straight, you can read its direction to avoid it, but for homing and area attack magic that's impossible. In the case that there is a mage that uses these types of magic, you have to always maintain a high speed and time your direction changes."
"Hmmm.... Seems like there is a lot to remember."
Kirito scratched his head with a face like that of a child given a difficult set of problems to solve.
"Well, if it's you then you should be able to catch on quickly...I think. You seem to have very good intuition and sharp eyes after all. Do you do sports or something in real life?"
"N-no, not at all."
"Hmm.... Well, okay. Let's get moving."
"Okay."
They nodded to each other, then started beating their wings and resumed movement. Under the setting sun, the golden-green grasslands were beginning to emerge beyond the forest.

Without encountering any monsters after that, the two finally got out of Ancient Forest and entered the mountain area. Just as they neared the limit of their flight time, they descended onto a meadow's edge at the foot of a mountain.
As her soles slid on the grass while landing, Lyfa lifted both of her arms and took a big stretch. Even though the real body doesn't have such limbs, the base of the wings feels mysteriously fatigued after long flights. A few seconds later, Kirito also landed and was similarly hitting his straightened back.
"Fufu, tired yet?"
"Nope, still not yet!"
"Okay, let's do our best. ...Is what I want to say, but we're going to have to postpone the aerial travel for a while."
Kirito raised his eyebrows at Lyfa's remark.
"Eh, why?"
"Do you see that mountain?"
Lyfa pointed to the far end of the meadow, towards the towering, snow-peaked mountains.
"Flying is restricted by a height limit. We cannot fly higher than that mountain, so we have to pass through a cave tunneled through the mountain range. That seems to be the most dangerous place when traveling from Sylph territory to Aarun. I'm not sure because this is my first time here too."
"I see.... This tunnel, is it long?"
"Considerably, but there is a neutral mining town in the middle, and we should be able to rest there. Kirito-kun, until what time are you still okay?"
Kirito summoned the menu window with his left hand, checked the clock, and nodded.
"The real time right now is seven-o'-clock at night, I'm fine for now."
"I see, then let's try for a bit longer then. We should 'Rotate Out' once here."
"Ro-Rotate?"
"Ah, we take turns to logout and rest. Because this is a neutral zone, we can not logout instantly. Therefore, one person will logout while the other defends the avatar when it falls into the soulless state."
"I see, understood. Lyfa, please go first."
"Well then, I'll gladly accept your kind offer. I'll be in your care for about 20 minutes!"
Finished, Lyfa brought up the window and pressed the logout button. When she touched the warning message's YES button, the surrounding landscape streamed into a central point and disappeared.

Sitting straight up in bed after waking up, Suguha removed the Amusphere and jumped out of bed. Quietly running down the stairs, Suguha confirmed that the first floor was empty. The magazine's final proofreading day was nearing so Midori had not returned home yet, and Kazuto was probably in his room, so the first floor was silent.
Opening the refrigerator, Suguha took out two bagels, ham, cream cheese, and vegetables one after another. Quickly slicing the round bread in half, she spread a thin layer of mustard, added the ham, inserted the rest, and then transferred the completed bagel sandwich to a plate. After she poured some milk into a small milk pan and put it on the stove, Suguha went to the stairs, and facing the second floor, shouted:
"Onii-chan, do you want something to eat?"
...But there was no answer. He must be asleep, she shrugged her shoulders as she returned to the kitchen. She poured the now-steaming milk into a mug and took it to the living room table with the plate. After all of ninety seconds, she finished her dinner. Placing the dishes into the washing machine, she ran into the bathroom. Even if it was the virtual world, if you did intense fighting, you would sweat due to stress. After a long dive she started to feel sticky if she didn't wash and change clothes.


Suguha took off her clothes and jumped into the shower at supersonic speed, warm water slowly dripping through the shower head.
In fact, if she played VRMMO too much so that it interfered with eating and bathing, or if she ordered takeout, her mother Midori would scold her, so she tried not to join long party events. However, this time she couldn't do so. She would probably travel with Kirito tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow if it went badly. Maybe due to her personality, Suguha couldn't stand long duration parties, when the day changed she would feel uncomfortable, but for some mysterious reason it didn't happen this time. In this case...
...She was very excited.
Suguha thought as she closed her eyes and felt the soothing touch of the hot water on her skin.
Opening her eyes, her black pupils stared back from within the mirror before her. Within them, there was a mix of excitement and slight unease.
The physique of the real Suguha was by no means big for a kendo practitioner, even so when compared to the wind spirit Sylph, Lyfa, she was obviously big-boned. Her shoulders, stomach and her thighs, whenever she moved them, the line of the muscles seemed to stand out, on top of that she felt that her chest had grown alot recently.
This body has a real feel to it, but deep in my heart there is conflict growing. Suguha closed her eyes again.
...It did not particularly mean that she had become fond of him. It was not about having someone to adventure together... just that, flying in a new world was fun.
That seemed to be muttered in her heart, but that wasn't for the sake of convincing herself, there was truth in it.
Thinking back, she had such a feeling everyday in the past.
As she grew stronger, little by little her field of activities expanded; just flying in the sky of an unknown land made her heart throb. However, as she was raised to the role of a prominent senior player within the Sylph territory, her knowledge and obligations simultaneously increased too. Before she knew it, she was buried within the habits of everyday life. The said duty of battling for the sake of the entire race was holding her wings with invisible chains.
Players in ALO who abandoned their territory were called «Renegades», the English meaning of «Apostates». Those who discarded their obligation after obtaining them, those who are under pressure by their country, until now gave the impression that they are traitors, might have some kind of pride in their heart.
With her mind still thinking about them, she washed her hair and body quickly then rinsed away the foam. Removing the dry towel from the hatch on the wall, she used the control panel next to it, and a burst of warm air blew out from the slits in the ceiling. When her hair was mostly dry, she wrapped her body with a towel and went to the living room. Looking at the clock, there were less than three minutes before the agreed time limit.
She wrapped up the remaining bagel-sandwich on the plate, took some paper and wrote, "Onii-chan, if you are hungry please eat this," on it, and placed it under the plate.
Back on the second floor, she hastily put on her pajamas, laid back down, and put the Amusphere helmet back on.
After waiting through the connection process, through the rainbow colors of the login procedures, Suguha / Lyfa felt the prairie breeze and smelled a refreshing aroma.

From her waiting state, crouching down on one knee, Lyfa stood up and asked.
"Sorry to keep you waiting, did any monsters appear?"
Kirito, who was lying on the grass with a straw like thing in his mouth, removed it and nodded.
"Welcome back. It was very quiet."
"What is that?"
"The NPC from the grocery store said that it was a Sylvain specialty."
"I did not hear of such a thing!"
Kirito handed over that something and Lyfa accepted it with her hand. She concealed her inner tension and took a bite. With a breath, the mint's fragrant sweet aroma emanated from her mouth.
"It's my turn to logout, please guard me."
"Ok, have a good trip."
When Kirito called up the menu window and pressed the log-out button, his body automatically went into a standby position. Lyfa then sat down beside him and started looking casually up at the heavens while sucking a mint straw when the pixie from Kirito`s breast pocket flew out and surprised her.
"Whoa! You can move when your master is not in-game?"
Yui made an 'of course' face and put her hands on her hips and nodded.
"Of course I can. I'm myself. And he's not my master; he's my papa."
"Having said that, why do you call Kirito your papa? Could it be that he set you up that way?"
"Papa helped me, but he also said that I am his child. So he's my papa."
"I see..."
Sure enough, she did not understand it.
"You love your papa?"
Lyfa casually asked, and Yui looked at her with a serious face.
"Lyfa, what is love?"
"W-what...."
Lyfa was unprepared for the unexpected question and considered it for a moment before only vaguely answering.
"....It's a feeling of wanting to be together. And when you are together, your heart beats faster, or something like that...."
Kazuto`s smiling face suddenly popped into her mind, but why was it the same with the resting face of the avatar beside her? Lyfa gasped. Not sure since when her feelings for Kirito became similar to her hidden feelings for Kazuto. Lyfa shook her head without thinking. Yui saw her do this and cocked her head, asking:
"What's wrong, Lyfa?"
"No, no, no, it is nothing!"
Lyfa shouted, and at that moment—
"What's nothing?"
"Waah!!"
Kirito had suddenly raised his head and Lyfa jumped.
"I'm back. What happened?"
Kirito looked at the distressed Lyfa and stood up. Perched on his shoulder, Yui said:
"Welcome back, papa. We were just talking about who she likes and—,"
"Hey, we were not!!"
Lyfa hurriedly interrupted Yui.
"You came back quickly. Did you eat something?"
Lyfa asked to hide her embarrassment.
"Ah yes, my family made something for me."
"I see, well then, let's quickly depart. If we don't arrive at the Mine City before it gets late, it'll be troublesome to log-out. Come on, let's fly to the cave entrance!"
Lyfa quickly finished talking and stood up. Even though Kirito and Yui did not quite understand what was going on, she didn't wait for them to figure it out and gently began beating her wings.
"Ah, yes. Then let`s go."
Still not understanding the reason for Lyfa's expression, he also spread his wings. But suddenly, he turned and looked in the direction of the forest they came from.
"What's wrong?"
"Nothing..."
Kirito replied, though he still stared towards the forest.
"It feels like someone watching. Yui, can you tell if there are any other players in our general area?"
"No, there is no one around us."
The pixie shook her little head. But Kirito didn't look like he is convinced.
"Felt like being watched... is there some sort of a sixth sense in this game?"
Hearing Lyfa ask that, Kirito rubbed his forehead with his right hand and said:
"It is really hard to do that. If anyone is looking at us, the system would have to «Reference» us, you might just feel the data stream used to do so, or so people say."
"Is that so?"
"But Yui does not sense any people nearby so there shouldn't be."
"Ah, then they may have used a Tracer."
Lyfa whispered to Kirito, who raised his eyebrows.
"What is that?"
"It's a tracking spell. Usually a small magic creature that tells the caster the position of the target."
"That's a pretty convenient spell. Can you lift the spell off of us?"
"If I can see the Tracer then I can lift it, but if the caster's magic skills are high, the distance he can observe from increases, so finding it in a field like this is almost impossible."
"I see. It might be just my imagination, anyway let's hurry and go."
"Ok."
After nodding, they flew up into the sky again. The white cliffs of the mountain range were not far away, and in the middle of the cliff was a huge black cave. Aiming for the cave opening that had sinister cold air coming out of it, Lyfa flapped her wings faster and sped up.
After a few minutes of flying, the two reached the cave entrance.
Almost perpendicular to the huge rocks, the cave was a giant square shape that cut into the cliff face. It's width and height was three or four times bigger then Lyfa. They could not tell when they were far away, but carved around the entrance of the cave were some monster designs. The upper part of the hole had a huge devil's head sticking out, looking with contempt into the eyes of all intruders.
"This cave... does it have a name?"
To Kirito's question, Lyfa nodded her head and replied:
"It is called «Ruger Corridor». Ruger happens to be the name of the Mine City."
"Whoa, it's like a story I've seen in a fantasy movie!"
Lyfa looked at Kirito in her peripheral vision and saw him smile. He probably meant those classic fantasy books, from which the films were produced. In Kazuto's room, there was a box with such Collectors' Edition books, she had borrowed them all without permission to read.
"I know what you are talking about. To cross a mountain, they went through the underground mines, and got attacked by a big demon. But, unfortunately demon-type monsters do not appear here."
"That is really too bad."
"Ah, but the cave is infested by orcs. If you find it interesting, you can then deal with the whole horde."
Finished, the two began to move forward into the cave.
It was very cool inside the cave, the light from outside was also very thin, slowly enveloping everything in darkness. It's best to use magic lighting; she thought and turned to Kirito walking beside her.
"Oh yes, Kirito-kun did you train your magic skills?"
"Ah, just the race starting magic, but I didn't use it often."
"Exploring caves is a Spriggan speciality with the use of the lights, it is even more effective than a wind mage's magic."
"Hmm, Yui, do you know?"
Kirito scratched his head and Yui came out of his pocket and said in a lecture voice:
"Papa, I'd really advise that you at least read the instruction manual. Using light magic is...."
Yui slowly said the incantation, and Kirito raised his right hand and repeated the words. His right hand sent a wave of gray light, and it continued to spread. When it covered Lyfa, she was able to see in a wide area around them. The light did not appear to be a light source; instead, the spell gave the user night-vision.
"Wow, this is really convenient. Spriggans might actually be of some use."
"Ah, hearing you say that makes me feel hurt."
"Ha ha ha. But seriously, you should at least memorize some useful magic incantations. If you can't even use Spriggans' speciality spells in a life and death situation, it would be a shame."
"Woo, those words hurt even more."
While talking lightly, they continued to move further inside the cave's many twists and turns. Soon, they couldn't see the white light from the entrance anymore.

"I think it was 'ARLU-DENA-RERE..'"
Kirito looked at the shiny purple Reference Manual and tried to whisper unfamiliar spell incantations.
"No, no, reading it like this won't activate the spell. The incantation is not just mechanical recitation, you must understand each «Word of Power» and associate it with the effect of magic while memorizing it."
Hearing this remark, the black swordsman sighed deeply and dropped his head.
"I did not think that I would be learning words that look like English in a game."
"I'll warn you, the high level spells have at least twenty words."
"Aw come on, I'll just be a pure fighter..."
"Crying is useless!! Quickly start over again."
In the about two hours they travelled after entering the cave, they fought with orcs over ten times and won without any problems. Thanks to the map purchased in Sylvain, they went in a straight line and travelled fast. According to the map, there should be a huge underground lake ahead, crossing the bridge over it should lead to the mining city, Ruger.
Ruger was not as big as the Gnome underground capital city, but it held facilities that produced high quality ore and a lot of businessmen and blacksmith players lived there. They didn't meet any other players on the way. This cave wasn't a very good hunting place, and above all, as Sylphs' forte is flight, many would tend to avoid places where they couldn't fly. The cave was plenty large, but as neither sunlight nor moonlight, the sources of flight endurance, reach this area, the wings are not able to recover.
Sylph players who wanted to go to Aarun for trade and tourism usually took the longer route from the northern part of Sylvain, passing into Cait Sith territory near the mountains. Living there are the Cait Sith race with their cat ears and tail. They could use the skill «Taming» by feeding monsters and animals, and had always provided tamed riding animals to the Sylph capital in friendship, so they had been on good terms for a long while. The relationship between the lords of the two races was also very good, it was said that they would soon form a covenant.
Since Lyfa had a few close Cait Sith friends, she had intended to choose the route through the northern pass, but went through the mountains because Kirito looked to be in a hurry. Truthfully, going through underground depths made Lyfa uncomfortable, but in the present situation going through the mountains certainly did not present a problem.
Anyway, the reason why Kirito was in so much of a hurry to get to Aarun, and the World Tree, was still a mystery to her. His attitude made her wonder at the uncertainty of his heart, but his fighting posture seemed very anxious.
She remembered Kirito mention he was looking for someone. People who lost contact in the real world and came looking in game was not too uncommon. On the bulletin board in front of the grocery store, in the asking people corner, the 'Looking for someone' was never ending. Usually it was for revenge or love interest, but neither seemed to fit Kirito. And, searching in Aarun was understandable, but why the world tree? Right now that was like an unreachable area, even if we could reach the bottom, going to the top was almost impossible.
Lyfa walked beside Kirito who was continuing the hard fight with Spellwords, and lost herself in thought. Usually not paying attention in the neutral zone was equivalent to suicide, but on this trip due to Yui's fearsome senses, she would warn them of approaching monsters so there was no need to worry about ambushes.
Then, after a few more minutes, they were about to reach the underground lake when Lyfa heard a sound, it was not Yui's warning, it was very close to the ringing of a phone.
Lyfa raised her head, turned to Kirito, and said:
"Ah, I'm getting a message. I'm sorry, please wait a moment."
"Ok."
Lyfa stopped, near the front of her body below her chest, she pressed the icon shown. A window popped up showing receive of a Friend Message. Lyfa's friend list only had one name , Recon, this was not out of intention, so even before reading it she knew who it was from. It was probably irrelevant content, she thought while glancing at it. But—
'It is what I expected! Be careful, S'
That was the only thing written.
"What the heck is this?"
She said without thinking. It didn't make any sense. What was expected? Be careful of what? And what was the 'S' at the end? Even if he signed the message, wouldn't it be with an 'R', wasn't there some kind of hidden meaning?
"Esu...sa...shi...su....hmm."
"What was it?"
Lyfa explained it to the puzzled Kirito. Then, Yui stuck her head out of his pocket and said:
"Papa, I'm detecting a response in close proximity."
"Monsters?"
Kirito`s hand clutched his sword hilt, but Yui shook her head.
"No – players, a lot, twelve of them."
"Twelve!?"
Lyfa became speechless. For a group of players forming a combat party, that was just too many. Maybe it was a group of Sylph going from Sylvain to Ruger, or even to Aarun as a trade caravan.
Indeed, once a month there was usually a large party gathering in the Sylph capital for a trip to and from the central area. Usually a few days ahead of departure, they would tell all the players to recruit participants, but this morning when she had looked at the Bulletin Board there hadn't been anything written about that.
Here was an unknown group, if it were Sylphs then it might not have been dangerous, but the chance of it being a PK group of a different race was not unthinkable. Lyfa had a bad feeling about the whole thing, she turned towards Kirito.
"I have a bad feeling about this. We should hide and let them pass."
"But hide where?"
Kirito was puzzled and looked around. They were in a long wide road, with no side branches to hide in.
"Well, leave that to me."
Lyfa grabbed Kirito's wrist and hid in a nearby hollow area. Suppressing the blush brought on by close physical contact, she raised her left hand for the magic incantation.
Soon a green light radiating from the foot upward, wrapped the two bodies. Vision was slightly green-dyed, but from the outside they would be almost completely hidden. Lyfa looked up at Kirito beside her and whispered:
"Speak quietly, if we're too loud then the magic will be lifted."
"Understood. This magic is really useful."
Kirito watched the area they were hiding, constantly scanning the area. Yui poked her head out and said in a low voice:
"In about two minutes you will see them."
The two of them made themselves smaller and moved close to the cave wall. After some tense seconds, Lyfa heard the sound of footsteps coming. Mixed in with the footsteps was the sound of heavy armour clanking, which made her think and look.
Kirito craned his neck, staring at the direction of the unknown group.
"What is that?"
"What? I do not see anyone."
"I don't see any players, but maybe monsters? A small, red bat."
"!?"
Lyfa held her breath looking at the front. In the darkness of the cave, there was a little red shape flying their way. This was—
"Damn."
Lyfa subconsciously cursed out loud, and jumped from lying low on the ground out to the middle of the road. The Concealment Magic lifted at the same time and Kirito stood up as well bewildered.
"Hey, hey, what happened?"
"That is high level magic Tracer Searcher!! We must destroy it quickly!!"
While crying out, Lyfa stretched out her hands and began chanting a spell. After a lengthy incantation, her fingertips released numerous shining emerald needles. Viiii, sounded in the air as the needles head to kill the red shape.
The bat floated in the air slowly, and tried to dodge the attacks, but since there were so many needles, it soon got pierced with many. It fell to the ground, wrapped by a red flame, and disappeared. Confirmed hit, Lyfa turned towards Kirito and shouted:
"Run toward the city, Kirito-kun!!"
"Oh, no more hiding?"
"The enemy will know when their tracer was destroyed. They will probably send out a lot of searchers, so it will be almost impossible to hide. That magic pet had fire properties. This means the approaching party is..."
"Salamanders!"
Kirito frowned after showing off his knowledge. While they were talking, the rattle-rattle sound of metal mixed with footsteps became closer. Lyfa turned and saw in the distance a dark red light.
"Let's go."
Nodding, the two began to run.
As they checked the map while rushing onwards, this straight road will soon end, and in front is a huge underground lake. The way to pass the lake is a bridge, at the other end is the entrance to the mining city, Ruger. It is a neutral city so no attack is allowed inside, no matter how many people they have, they won't be able to do anything.
But why is a big group of Salamanders here?
Lyfa bit her lip. Using a tracer means they were hunting us from the beginning. After departing Sylvain, because of Yui's search power, there shouldn't be a chance for them to cast it. The only possibility is that they used the magic while we were in the streets of Sylvain.
The number of Sylph who can use fire magic is not zero. Each race has an attribute of magic talent, the wind for Sylph, earth for Gnome, etc., and other attributes of the spell can be learned through hard practice and increasing skills.
However, the red bat they killed can follow and track the target, and search for hidden targets, is a very high level magic that requires a fire magic skill almost impossible for another race than Salamander to obtain. In other words—
'There was a Salamander in Sylvain?'
Lyfa thought while running. If this is true, it's not easily done. Although Sylvain is open to travelers of other races, due to the hostile relations with the Salamanders, their entry is very strict and checked. If the strong NPC guardians find a Salamander, they will immediately attack. Getting past that isn't too easy.
"Oh, the lake!"
Running to the right in front of her, Kirito`s voice interrupted Lyfa`s thoughts. She raised her head and saw the rugged mountain road changing into flat stone ahead, the space becoming very open, the dark green lake water shining with a faint light.
A stone bridge spans the middle of the lake, on the other side is a huge gate reaching to the roof. It is the mining city, Ruger's door. Once beyond that door, it's our victory in this game of hide and seek.
This gave Lyfa some peace of mind and she took a look over her shoulder. From behind, the red light was still some distance away. Since this is the case— the two ran at full speed up the stone trail.
When they got on the bridge, the surrounding temperature dropped a lot. They cut through the water scented air, speeding on the bridge.
"Looks like we escaped."
"Don't drop your guard. There is a large monster in the water."
While talking with Kirito, they arrived at the center of the bridge which was a round observation area, and in that instant.
Passing over their head in the darkness, from behind came two points of high-speed light. Its special light and sound effect showed that it is magical. It must be from the Salamanders chasing them, but its accuracy is very bad.
Since it will hit in front of them, they just need to slow down. After slowing, the light landed about ten meters in front.
It exploded as expected, Lyfa raised her right hand to cover her face, but what happened next was completely unexpected. Humming! A huge rock wall rose up from the bridge and blocked up the entire path. Lyfa frowned at the unexpected problem and swore:
"This is bad..."
"What?"
Kirito`s eyes got wide, but kept running forward and drew his sword to slash the wall.
"Ah, Kirito-kun!"
'It's useless,' didn't have time to exit her mouth. Kirito's sword hit the stone wall, Goun! A loud noise came from the contact and the rebound force made him sit on the bridge. The brown stone wall didn't have a single scratch on it.
"...It's no use."
Lyfa flew over to Kirito's side and stopped, saying it. The Spriggan youth stood up with a reproachful look.
"You should have said that earlier."
"You are too reckless. This is an earth magic barrier, physical attacks can't damage it. Only a lot of magic attacks can destroy it..."
"We don't have the time for that..."
They turned together, the group garbed in armor, gleaming with the color of blood, was approaching the front of the bridge.
"Flying around it... won't be possible, huh. How about diving into the lake?"
Shaking her head at Kirito's proposal.
"Not possible. I said it earlier, there seems to be a very high level water dragon monster living in the lake. Without an Undine's help, fighting in the water would be suicidal."
"So, there's no choice but to fight, right?"
Turning to Kirito who held his sword in a graceful posture, Lyfa bit her lip and nodded.
"We have no choice... but this might be bad... For Salamanders to use such high level earth magic, there must be a rather skilful mage in that group."
The bridge is not wide, so the worst condition of being surrounded can be avoided. Even with this, twelve against two are really long odds, and flight is not possible within this dungeon. Lyfa's excellence in aerial dogfights can't be used.
It all depends on the enemies' combat effectiveness.
...But we cannot hope for too much on that.
Murmuring that in her heart, Lyfa stood beside Kirito and drew her katana. With the sound of heavy metal, the approaching enemy can easily be seen. In the front are three big Salamanders, dressed in armor heavier than the Salamanders she fought yesterday, left hand holding a mace or another single-handed weapon, and right hand equipped with a huge metal shield.
Seeing this, Lyfa was momentarily lost in thought. Within ALO the dominant hand is the same as in the real world, so left-handed players should be relatively few.
Before Lyfa can voice this doubt, Kirito looked at her and said:
"Don`t take this the wrong way, but can you be my support?"
"Eh?"
"I hope that you can heal me from behind. This way I can fight without care."
Lyfa looked at Kirito's huge double-edged sword. Indeed on this narrow bridge, friendly fire would be possible and avoiding that would be hard. Healing is not her speciality, but she nodded her head and retreated to just before the rock wall. There was no time for argument.
Kirito bent down and drew his sword from behind. He sent waves of pressure toward the three Salamanders. Kirito's body is not too big, so he barely made a sound moving forward. His eyes shone with the accumulation of energy. The distance between the two sides shortened as she watched—
"—Ha!!"
In one breath, Kirito's left foot stepped forward, blue special effect lights appeared as he slashed his sword horizontally at the dark red heavy soldiers. With the loud sound of air being cut, the bridge shook; it was the most powerful slash that Lyfa had ever seen. But—
"Eh!?"
Lyfa eyes wide open in surprise. The three Salamanders pulled their weapons back, and brought their shields forward, hiding their bodies behind the wall of shields.
GANG! ! Loud roar, Kirito's sword hit the Tower Shields in a row leaving a horizontal scar. The air vibrated and a big wave spread out on the lake. But those heavy fighters were only pushed back, blocking Kirito's attack.
Lyfa hurriedly studied their HP. Probably more than ten percent reduction, but that was only for a moment, as the next instant chants rang out behind them, and pale blue light covered the three front defenders. In reply to the healing incantations, their HP refilled completely. Then, in the back...
From behind the castle wall-like defense of steel, many red-orange fireballs shot out, followed a parabolic path through the air, and exploded at Kirito's position.
Explosions powerful enough to make the lake surface reflect red covered the black-clad boy.
"Kirito-kun!!"
Lyfa shouted loudly, almost in despair. Kirito's HP bar rapidly declined, instantly moving into the yellow warning area. No, in ALO's fully skill-based system, HP increases very slowly, so it's a miracle he didn't die instantly. These are intensive multiple magic attacks. Lyfa immediately realized the other's intent to kill.
This enemy group certainly knows about Kirito and his physical attack power, so they used these counter measures.
Three heavily armored defenders would tank Kirito's attacks, using heavy shields for defense. No matter how powerful Kirito's attacks are, if he can't hit their body directly, he wouldn't cause fatal damage. The remaining nine people are probably all mages. Some would heal the front line defenders, others used indirect fire magic to attack. This is the formation used for fighting boss monsters with strong physical attacks.
But why would so many people be mobilized to attack Kirito and Lyfa?
Leaving her doubt behind, Lyfa started her healing magic incantation. Finally the flames thinned, and as the Kirito became visible, Lyfa used the highest rank healing spell she had. Soon his HP bar began to fill, but she knew it would not last long.
Kirito was also aware of the enemies' tactics. Since a long fight was unfavorable, he lifted up his sword and stormed toward the heavy solider line.
"Woo oh!"
The black blade hit the shields, and bright sparks flashed.
But— Here, the fighting turned into a numbers game.
The damage done by Kirito's sword was soon healed by the mages behind. After that, the remaining mages chanted attack magic and Kirito was hit by another explosion.
There is no room for individual skills; Lyfa hated this style of fighting the most. Now the battle is determined by the mages' MP and Kirito's HP, which will run out first. But the result was very clear.
Numerous fireballs rained down and blasted Kirito. Continuous explosions hit Kirito and his battered body flipped and bounced onto the ground.
Since this is a game, the body in ALO doesn't show «Pain», but bearing the magical explosions directly can cause some bad feedback. The roar shakes the brain, the heat burns the skin, the impact upsets the balance. These effects will be transferred to reality in the flesh, after signing out these effects will remain for several hours as headaches and dizziness.
"Uuu...oooh!"
But no matter how many times Kirito was engulfed in flames he continued to stand up and swing his sword. While chanting healing magic, Lyfa didn't want to see him in pain. This is a game. In this situation, most would give up. While failure is regrettable, under the system constraints, this is a difference in combat strength you can't do anything about. Even so, why—
Lyfa could no longer bear seeing Kirito like this, so she went a few steps behind Kirito and cried:
"Enough, Kirito-kun! It's just another few hours of flight from Sylvain! What items that were stolen we can just buy back, please give up!"
But Kirito shook his head and said in a hushed tone:
"No!"
His eyes reflected the brilliant red flames surrounding them.
"While I live, I won't let my party member die. I will definitely not allow that!"
Lyfa, at a loss for words, could only stand still.
In such desperate times, different players react in many different ways. There are people who would have laughed at «this moment», there are people whose eyes would open wide and succumb to fear, and there are also those who would resist to the end. But in any case, they are all used to the simulation of «Death». This experience can not be avoided while playing VRMMO games, and has to be accepted. Otherwise there is no way to «Enjoy» this type of «Game».
But the light in Kirito's glaring eyes is something Lyfa had never seen before. Struggling with this system's impossible situation, desperately trying to find a way to live, she got drawn in. At this moment, Lyfa forgot this is a game, an illusionary world.
"Woo-oh-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah!!"
Kirito who stood up and roared, shook the air with his sound. When enemy fire stopped for a moment, he suddenly rushed forward, ignoring the shield wall ahead. Lowered his sword in his right hand, his empty left hand held the edge of the shield and tried to push it open. This unexpected action disrupted the Salamander's defensive line. When their defensive wall cracked, Kirito forced his sword in.
To break past a defensive wall with mages behind it is something even the veteran player Lyfa had not seen before. Also, that action was not even an attack, so it couldn't deal any damage. But, due to Kirito's crazy action, the man holding the shield cried in confusion:
"Damn, what is with this guy?!"
At this time, a small voice reached Lyfa's ears.
"Now is the only chance!"
Looking around, unknown since when, Yui hung on to her right shoulder.
"An opportunity!?"
"The only uncertainty is the enemy players' mental state. Use up all your remaining MP, please block the next magic attack!"
"B..but, even doing that..."
Like pouring water onto a hot stone, Lyfa held back what she was going to say. She looked seriously at the supposedly simple AI, Yui, and saw determination equal to Kirito's.
Lyfa nodded her head, and held both hands upward. The enemy mage group is already chanting the fireball spell, but in order to match the launch time, it was at a relatively slow speed. Lyfa chanted the spell words at her usual high speed. Any incantation error will result in failure, she chanted the fastest she could, just shy of the danger line.
Lyfa completed her spell just a bit ahead of them. From her hands came countless small butterflies flying out, surrounding Kirito's body.
After that, the enemies completed their chant as well. With a shrill sound, the group's fireballs shot into the sky. Flame after flame engulfed Kirito, who was trying to break through the shield wall.
"Ha!"
Lyfa's outstretched hands experience the feedback pressure from the explosions, and she clenched her teeth. The defensive magic field around Kirito canceled out the explosions, and her mana points dropped with a clunk clunk sound effect. Not even drinking mana recovery potion can keep up with it. What's the point of defending one such attack, she thought, but then.
Standing on the shoulder of Lyfa, Yui loudly shouted:
"Papa, do it now!!"
Kirito blinked while startled. In the red lotus flames, he raised his sword and stood up. She can hear the subtle sound of chanting. Lyfa matched the spell word fragments to the index in her memory.
'This incantation is... Illusion attribute!?'
Lyfa held her breath for a moment— then ground her teeth. The spell Kirito is casting is an illusion magic that makes a player look like a monster. But the magic is not useful in actual combat. Because the shape depends randomly on the player's combat skills, usually the result is some weak monster, with no change in stats, since most people are aware of this it won't frighten them.
Lyfa began losing MP very fast, soon only 10% was left. She decided to gamble on Yui's idea, but it seems the dice betrayed them.
However, it can't be helped. Knowing the game's «Strength» is needed to support the wealth of knowledge. For Kirito who just started playing a few days ago, asking him to understand each of the huge number of spells is too cruel.
While thinking this, Lyfa put the last of her power into protecting Kirito. the enemy's last wave of attacks finally stopped, just as Lyfa's defense shield disappeared. A whirlpool of flames rolled up, and slowly dissipated—
"Eh!?"
Inside the fire wall, a shadow moved. For a time, Lyfa thought she was seeing things. That is way too huge.
Standing in front of the Salamanders was a giant twice their size. Doubting her sight, it looked like a giant bent over.
"Kirito-kun, is that you?"
She asked in amazement. She can't think it's anything else. This is Kirito's changed form created by the illusion spell, but that huge size.
In front of Lyfa's eyes, the shadow looked up. This figure is not a giant. Its head like a goat, with curved horns extending out the back of the head. Round shiny red eyes flashing, teeth outside his mouth breathed flames in the air.


His upper body is all muscle covered with dark skin, long arms almost reaching the ground. His back has a whip-like tail. To describe the unknown figure in words, only «Devil» fit.
All of the Salamanders were frozen in place. Watching them like their soul was taken away, the black devil lifted his head high.
"Roarrr———!!" A thunderous roar issued, and it truly shook the world. From the core of the body, instinctive fear spread out.
"Prattle! Babbling!"
A Salamander front defender screamed while backing away a few steps. At this instant, the devil moved with a fearsome speed. His iron clawed right hand passed through the open shield wall, his fingers pierced a heavy armored soldier's body— the next moment, red End Frame blowing, the Salamander disappeared.
"Woo ah ah ah!?"
Seeing their partner killed in one blow, the remaining two front defenders screamed in unison. They dropped their shields, their left hands brandishing weapons, and retreated in fear.
From the mage group, someone like their leader shouted in anger:
"Stupid, do not disrupt the formation! He can only reach what he sees, if you become a turtle you won't get hurt!"
However those words did not reach the ears of the soldiers. The dark devil roared and jumped in, it opened its huge mouth and bit the head of the soldier to the right and grabbed the left solider with its iron claws. He violently shook and beat the avatars, gogob! Continuous red death throes splash out, almost the same as blood spatter.
The three front guards were destroyed within ten seconds. Their leader recovered and ordered the mage group, and they began to chant. But without any armor and only wearing red robes, the pure mage group is way too fragile compared to the front guards. With a shruru breath, the standing devil is way more fearsome than the illusion magic effect. Their chanting speed became even slower than before.
Before the chanting could finish, the devil raised his right arm toward the mages and slashed horizontally. The two in front were hit and blown away, they turned into red flames in the air, dissipated and disappeared. Screams and sound of glass shattering, cracking sound effects filled the air. That was from the tree trunk like left arm hitting two more Salamanders, which disappeared.
A high level mage wearing high quality cloth armor became distracted and messed up certain words in his incantation. The Spellword fumble effect covered his hands and boom, he disappeared in a dark cloud.
Kirito, in his Devil-form, took a step and roared again. The Salamander leader screamed 'Hiii!' and waved his right hand around.
"Withdrawal, withdrawal! Retreat—"
Before he finished the sentence—
The devil instantly squatted, then jump forward significantly. Landing in the middle of the enemy, sending shock waves through the bridge. After what happened, it can not be called fighting anymore.
As the devil's claws swung, End Frame followed its path. A few brave ones tried to fight back with their staves, while swinging their weapons, the devil's teeth bit through their heads, and they lost their lives.
Escaping from the storm, the leader reached the far side of the bridge. With a splash of water he jumped into the lake, and swam in high speed for the far side.
In ALO falling into the water, if the weight of equipment does not exceed a certain amount you will not sink. Mages luckily have equipment that is very light, and soon he was far from the bridge— when suddenly, a huge shadow appeared beneath him.
Right after, the leader was dragged into the water with a splash. Leaving little bubbles, he sank into the lake, and before he disappeared, some vague points of red light can be seen.
The devil that is Kirito didn't seem to care about the enemy leader's death, he grabbed the last unlucky mage and raised him up. At the screaming body, he put force into his hands to squeeze...
The violence of this scene shakes Lyfa and at that moment, she finally came to her senses and shouted:
"Ah, Kirito-kun!! Leave that man alive!!"
While Yui said, "That was very impressive," and other senseless comments on her shoulder, Lyfa walked out. The devil stopped and turned around, and with an unhappy sound released the Salamander in the air.
The man fell on the bridge with a snapping sound, his relaxed body breathing heavily, Lyfa came in front of him, and put the long sword in her right hand between his legs. With the metal sound when her sword tip hit the bridge, the man shuddered.
"Now, tell us who sent you!!"
Lyfa was trying to scare him, but that woke him up from his shock, his face pale, he shook his head.
"If you're gonna kill me, then do it!"
"Why you.."
At the moment, the devil looking down from above, black mist shrouded him, and the huge body began to disappear. Lyfa looked up, from center of the fog, a small figure jumped out and landed on the bridge.
"Oh, nice rampage!"
Kirito shook his head and said in a relaxed tone, putting the sword on his back. He went to the man who blankly opened his mouth and squatting down beside him, patted his shoulder.
"Yo, Nice Fight."
"What...?"
Kirito stared at the stunned man, with bright, clear tone, continued:
"It was nice fighting tactics. If it was just me, I would have been defeated fast!"
"W...wait, Kirito-kun..."
"It's ok, fine."
To Lyfa's unhappy remark, Kirito said while winking.
"Well then, let's talk about items with you."
Kirito opened a trade window and then showed him a list of items.
"These are the items and money I got from fighting your group. I was thinking, if you can answer our questions, then I will give these all to you maybe..."
The man's mouth opened and closed a few times, then looked at Kirito with a sly smile. He looked around, probably confirming that the time had expired on the dead Salamanders, and they were already transported back to the «Save Point», he once again looked at Kirito.
"Really?"
"Really, really."
Looking at the two smiling, Lyfa sighed.
"Men can be really—"
"It's like, you can't do anything about them..."
Yui sitting on her shoulder offered a comment. A bit fearful of the contempt from the two women, the two men nodded to each other to signal successful trade negotiations.

The Salamander, who started talking, had a lot to say.
"This evening, Jiitakusu-san, ah he's the leader of the mage group earlier, contacted me with a cell phone e-mail, I was having dinner so I wanted to decline but he forced me to come. When I got there it turned out to be around ten people hunting two people, I thought it might be some kind of bullying, but they said it was the person Kagemune-san fought yesterday, so I understood..."
"Who is that Kagemune-san?"
"He is the Lance group captain. He was a famous Sylph hunter, but yesterday he suffered a rare heavy defeat and retreated home. You guys beat him right?"
Hearing about the Sylph hunting made Lyfa frown. She and Kirito looked at each other. He must be the Salamander group leader they repulsed last night.
"So, why did that Jiitakusu-san want to hunt us?"
"The order seemed to come from someone higher ranked than Jiitakusu-san. Like you are interfering with some kind of «Strategy» or something."
"What strategy?"
"The Salamander upper ranks are up to something. They won't tell junior soldiers like me, but I know they are after something big. Today, when I first logged in, I saw a large number fly north."
"North..."
Lyfa put her finger to her lips, and thought. The Salamander capital «Gadan» is in the southern most part of ALfheim, flying straight north, they will hit the mountain range we are currently crossing. Slightly west of that is Ruger Corridor, and east at the base of the mountains is «Dragon Valley». Whichever path they chose, after that is the central city Aarun, and then the world tree.
"Do they want to raid the world tree?"
Hearing Lyfa's question, the man shook his head.
"No way. We are still recovering from the previous complete defeat. The minimum is to equip the army with ancient weapon rank equipment so we are saving money. For that reason our normal routine is very harsh. Even so we only acquired half the target amount of money."
"Oh?"
"Well, that's all I know. Is what you said earlier true?"
The second part he asked Kirito.
"I never lie about a trade."
The Spriggan youth operated the trade window. The Salamander looking at the list of items he is getting was very happy and moved his fingers around.
Lyfa looked at the man with a stunned expression and asked:
"Hey you, these were all your companions' equipment right? Don't you feel bad?"
After hearing this, the man raised his voice:
"You don't seem to understand. These were those guys' arrogantly shown off rare items, which increase my pleasure getting them. Of course it would be bad for me to use them. I will sell them all and maybe buy a house."
'I will let the heat cool off for a few days before returning to Salamander Territory.' Leaving those words behind, the Salamander walked in the direction he came from and was soon out of sight.
It feels like the life and death fight ten minutes before seems like a lie. Lyfa looked at the already back to normal face of Kirito.
"Eh? What?"
"Ah, well... That rampaging devil from earlier, was Kirito-kun right?"
Hearing this, Kirito looked up and scratched his chin.
"Yes, most likely."
"Likely? Wasn't that a tactic to deceive the Salamanders and confuse them with a monster?"
"No, I didn't think that far... it happens to me sometimes. During a fight, I lose control and can't remember things..."
"Woo ah, scary."
"Well, I somehow remember the battle earlier. I used the magic Yui suggested, and became very big. Since my sword disappeared, I had to use my hands..."
"Also with the teeth bite yo ~"
On Lyfa's shoulder, Yui added with pleasure.
"Ah, speaking about that. The experience of being a monster is fun."
Watching Kirito smile and laugh, Lyfa suddenly wanted to know something. She gingerly opened her mouth.
"Did you... taste it? The Salamander..."
"...It is something like charred BBQ flavor and texture..."
"Waa, enough, don't say it!"
She waved her hands at Kirito. Suddenly her hand was caught...
"Gaoou!!"
Shouting that, he opened his mouth and closed it on Lyfa's fingers.
"Kyaaaaa———!!"
Lyfa screamed, after that came a Bang sound that made ripples on the lake surface.

"Ouch, it hurts."
While rubbing his face that got slapped by Lyfa, Kirito slowly walked.
"That was papa's fault!"
"That's true. You were really rude."
Hearing Lyfa and Yui on her shoulder say so, Kirito looked like a reprimanded child and argued.
"I was trying to ease the battle tension and pent up energy, with wit and joke.."
"Next time you do that, I'll cut you."
Lyfa closed her eyes and turned away, speeding up the pace.
In front is a huge stone gate that reached the ceiling. This is the city gate of the mining town Ruger.
For re-supply and sorting out information, it's best to stay the night in town. The unexpected large-scale fighting took a lot of time, so the real time is almost around midnight.
This is now the time that ALfheim starts to get busy, but Lyfa is still a student, so the latest she can stay in game is 1am. She told Kirito about this, he considered for a moment then nodded in understanding.
Passing through the gate side by side, instead of BGM, the NPC orchestra played wonderfully happy drums to greet the arrival of the two.
The scale of the street is not large, but at the the central intersection, shops for weapon and armor, all kinds of material, wine, food and many other types, and workshops all crowded together. The number of players were more than imagined. Under normal circumstances, the rarely met musical fairies (Pucas), blacksmith goblins (Leprechaun) and other ethnic groups were here, talking happily side-by-side.
"Oh... So this is Ruger."
Lyfa looked at the first time seen bustling underground city, and could not help but issue a happy voice. She rushed to the closest shop, checking out its display of swords. Even in these simple shops, buying things is a very exciting thing for her.
"By the way..."
While Lyfa started playing with a silver long sword, Kirito behind her with a laid-back tone said that.
"What?"
"Before the Salamanders attacked, didn't you get a message? What was it about?"
"...Ah."
Lyfa greatly opened her mouth, and turned around.
"I forgot."
She hurriedly opened the window, and checked the receive directory. Reading Recon's message again, it still didn't make any sense. It might have been cut off due to a connection problem, but there didn't seem to be a continuing message.
In this case, I'll just send him a message, but Recon's name in her friend list was gray. That means he was offline.
"What? He went to sleep?"
"Try to contact him on the other side?"
Lyfa thought about Kirito's suggestion.
To be honest, Lyfa did not like bringing ALfheim world events into the real world. She never went to the ALO community site, and she rarely talked to Recon— i.e. Shinichi Nagata, about game-related things in reality.
But that that enigmatic message had a pull on her is true.
"Then, I am going to log off and check it out, Kirito-kun, wait for me. Please look after my body. ...Yui-chan."
Lyfa then looked at Yui on her shoulder and added.
"Yes?"
"You have to watch your papa; do not let him take advantage of my body."
"Understood!"
"Hey!"
Kirito shook his head in jest and smiled. Lyfa sat on a nearby bench and waved her right hand.
She pressed the log out button, and took her fourth world change of the day. With a feeling of vertigo, her senses returned to the the real world far away.

"Fuu..."
She hadn't been logged in for such a long time in a while, so it left her feeling a little fatigued. She took a deep breath.
While wearing the Amuspere, she rolled over on the bed and looked at the alarm clock. Soon Midori will be home. It's better to meet with her at least...
While thinking that, she reached for her cell phone on the headboard. The EL panel on the external of the phone displayed calls received while she was logged in.
"What is this?"
Suguha's eyes widened. Twelve missed calls, all from Nagata Shinichi. If a family member, police, hospital or any type of emergency called, the linkage program through Amuspere would automatically log out, but Nagata's number was not in that list, so it was ignored. Why was he calling this late?
She opened the phone, preparing to return the call, but the thirteenth incoming call lit up her phone with a sapphire blue sheen. Suguha pressed the call key, and put the phone to her ear.
"Hello, Nagata-kun? What is it?"
"Ah! You've finally come out! It's too late, Suguha-chan!!"
"What do you mean too late? I was busy inside."
"Big trouble! Sigurd! That guy sold us out. Not just us, but the lord, Sakuya-san, as well. He sold us all out!"
"Sold us out? What do you mean? Explain from the beginning."
"Hmm, there is no time... Well, when we were attacked yesterday in the Ancient Forest by the Salamanders, Suguha-chan didn't you feel it was suspicious?"
Nagata returned to his habitual way of calling Suguha. When talking face-to-face, if he called her the too familiar name of Suguha-chan, she would always attack him physically. But since she couldn't do that on the phone, she had to accept it grudgingly.
Saying that, Suguha was surprised that it only happened the day before. It seemed like a long time ago since she met Kirito.
"Eh? Suspicious? What happened?"
To tell the truth, her impression of Kirito was too strong that she couldn't remember the aerial combat before.
"In the beginning, when we were attacked by eight Salamanders, Sigurd wanted to be the bait and led three of them away right?"
"Ah, that reminds me. He didn't manage to escape either right?"
"That's right. But, thinking carefully about it now, that is not Sigurd's style at all. Whenever the party splits, he always remains as leader, and makes someone else be the bait, usually ."
"Ah. That is true..."
Sigurd was a capable combat commander, but he was self-righteous, and was not satisfied unless he was at the top. Indeed, for him to become bait while the other members escaped, this act of self-sacrifice was unlike his style.
"But, that is, what does it mean?"
"Like I said."
Nagata said like he ate something unpleasant.
"That guy worked with the Salamanders. Probably since a long time ago."
"What!?"
This shocked her to the core, and she clenched her cell phone while shouting.
In ALO, power games between ethnic groups were wide spread and using throw-away accounts for spying was a common occurrence. She was afraid that in her home, Sylvain, many other races, especially Salamanders were camouflaged within as Sylphs.
Basically, those players with low skills, little contributions, and sparse activity were likely to be spies. These people were not allowed near the power hub department. Lyfa was no exception; it hadn't been too long since she was allowed to enter the Lord's mansion behind the Tower of Wind.
But Sigurd had, since the beginning of ALO, actively participated in politics. In the recent election for the Lordship, he had been a candidate which proved his long play. Although the current Lord's high popularity meant he always came up second, he didn't seem to be upset and became assistant. So he had a big impact on the center of power.
Talk of him being a Salamander spy, was hard to understand or believe.
"Hey you, that, do you have proof?"
Suguha asked in surprise.
"I thought something was strange, so since this morning I used «Hollow» to follow Sigurd."
"You really have a lot of time."
«Hollow Body» was Recon's most adept transparency spell. It required high hiding magic and covert action to be mastered to use.
Recon used the name of the English letters «Recon» to refer to the U.S. military reconnaissance team— the correct pronunciation should be similar to RIIKON, it seemed. Due to his role as the lead tracker in hunting, he was the best of the best at tracking. Once, Recon had used his spell to enter the room Lyfa was resting in, he had claimed that it had been to secretly place her birthday present there, but in the end she had made him confess and Lyfa had mercilessly punished him almost to death.
Nagata ignored Suguha's incredulous words and continued.
"After hearing the bad things he said to you in the tower of wind, I followed him looking for a chance to assassinate him with poison. Then..."
"Wow, what a dangerous guy."
"...In front of an ally, he put on an invisibility cloak and disappeared. So he's finally up to something, I thought. Well, just using an item can't hide him from my eyes."
"Enough boasting. Hurry up and talk about what happened next."
"After going into the sewers, and walking about five minutes, there were two people waiting for him. They were also dressed in invisibility cloaks, and when they took them off I was surprised they were Salamanders!"
"Eh? But even wearing those cloaks can't hide them from the guardians. They would be attacked when they entered the street... It can't be..."
"That, it can. They were wearing «Pass Medallion»."
Pass Medallions were for traders and people of other races who come into our territory, and were given those as a pass after a strict examination. Only the ruling ministry could issue those and they couldn't be transferred to another person. Of course Sigurd had the rights to issue them.
"I thought this was a big scoop so I listened. He told the Salamander to put a Tracer on you. But that's not all. Today, Lord Sakuya and the Cait Sith are going to sign alliance agreements, so she left in maximum secrecy for a neutral city."
"Ah I see, no wonder there was no flag hanging at the lord's mansion."
Nagata's loud cries covered Suguha's mutter.
"That guy, Sigurd, he wanted the Salamanders' big army to attack the alliance ceremony!"
"Wha..."
For an instant, Suguha's breathing stopped. She had already decided she would not be returning when she left, but Sylph territory was still her home and Sakuya, her beloved lord. The anxious thoughts bubbling up made her shout into the phone microphone.
"This, this thing you should have said it earlier!! That's big trouble!!"
"That's why I said it's big trouble at the start..."
Responding to Nagata's sad argument, Suguha immediately interrupted him.
"That, does Sakuya know? Is there still time!?"
"I feel bad. When I was leaving the sewer, I kicked a stone by mistake..."
"You fool! Making a mistake at that time!"
"...It seems, recently I am starting to enjoy Suguha-chan's anger..."
"You big pervert!! So!? Did you contact her!?"
"The Salamanders' search magic saw through my disguise. I was thinking if they killed me I would be resurrected at the tower, then I could go to the lord's mansion. But they hit me with a poisoned arrow instead, it was really cruel."
Thinking back her previous statement, Suguha suppressed her rebuttal.
"So, what happened to Recon?"
"The Salamanders caught me while I was paralyzed... So I had no choice but to log off. Suguha-chan never answered my calls, and I don't have any other contacts in the real world. Hmm, the conference with the Cait Sith Lord is at one o'clock. Oh no, there's only forty minutes left! What should we do, Suguha-chan!?"
Suguha took a deep breath, and quickly asked:
"Do you know where the negotiations will take place?"
"I don't know the exact location... But it's inside the mountain pass, the «Butterfly Valley» area."
"Understood. ...I will go and try to warn them. There's no time to waste. I am hanging up."
"Ah, Suguha-chan!"
As she was preparing to press the end key, Nagata's minced voice came.
"What is it?"
"Ah, it's about that guy Kirito, what is your relationship with him?"
'Click.'
Suguha immediately ended the call, threw her phone to the headboard, lay her head on the pillow and closed her eyes. She mouthed the only Spell Word that works in the real world, then her consciousness gradually shifted to the other, conspiracy filled, world.

Lyfa opened her eyes and stood up.
"Woah, you surprised me!!"
The surprised Spriggan almost dropped the mysterious food he had bought —something on a skewer that resembled small reptiles— but he managed to hold onto it.
"You are back, Lyfa."
"Welcome back..."
Facing Kirito and Yui who welcomed her back, she didn't have time to say 'I'm back.'
"Kirito-kun... I'm sorry."
"Eh, eh eh?"
"I really need to go to a certain place. I have no time to explain, but I probably won't be able to come back here."
"..."
Kirito gazed at Lyfa for a moment and then nodded.
"Is that so? Alright, let's talk while we move."
"Eh?"
"It doesn't matter where to; we have to use our feet to get out of here anyway right?"
"I see. Then let's run and talk."
The two began running in the direction of the gate leading to Aarun, passing the streets of Ruger.
They passed through the crowd, through the stone door, there was another lake with a bridge through it. While running at full speed, Lyfa explained the situation to Kirito. Fortunately, no matter how fast you run in this world, you won't run out of breath to speak.
"—I see."
After Lyfa finished her story, Kirito turned back toward the front as he considered.
"Can I ask some questions?"
"Go ahead."
"Why would the Salamanders attack the Sylph and Cait Sith Lords? What good does it do?"
"Well, first of all, it can prevent an alliance. As someone from Sylph leaked intelligence to the Salamanders, the Cait Sith there will definitely not stay silent if it is used against them. In the worst case, it may result in a war between the Cait Sith and Sylph races. The Salamanders are currently the strongest force, but if the two races entered an alliance it would probably reverse the balance of power. I think the Salamanders want to prevent that at any cost."
As they crossed the bridge into the cave, Lyfa brought up a map and kept running as she checked the route.
"Also, if they kill the Lord, they will get some amazing bonuses. They will unconditionally receive 30% of the lord's funds stored in the mansion, and for ten days, the territory that the lord rules over would become occupied, then they are free to set taxes and take that money. That is a tremendous amount of money. The reason why Salamander became the largest force in the game was because in the past, they had set a trap for Sylph's first Lord and killed him. Normally lords don't venture into neutral territory. In the history of ALO, only one lord has ever been killed."
"Is that so..."
"That's why... Kirito-kun..."
Still running, Lyfa glanced at Kirito's profile and continued:
"This is a problem for the Sylph race, so you have no reason to get involved. After you get out of this cave, it is a straight forward route towards the city of Aarun. If you go to the conference site, it is not likely you will survive. You will respawn at Sylvain and all of the time it took to get here will have been wasted. Well, to put it bluntly..."
Lyfa had no time to appreciate the complexity of her inner emotions, and before she could stop herself, she said:
"If your objective is to go to the top of the world tree, it may be best to cooperate with the Salamanders. If the Salamander's strategy is successful, then they will get a lot of money. It is almost guaranteed that they will use it to challenge the world tree. Spriggans can be hired as mercenaries. ...I won't complain even if you kill me here."
If that happens, I will not resist, Lyfa thought. It was not something she would think of generally, but this time she was sure she had no chance of winning. She also found the prospect of fighting the boy she had become acquainted with over the past day to be unpleasant.
If that really does happen, then I may never play ALO again. As all of this ran through her mind, Lyfa looked at Kirito's face again, but his expression did not change; instead, he continued running forward and said:
"This is a game after all, so anything can happen. If you want to kill, then you can kill; if there is something you want, then you can steal it."
Kirito paused for a moment before speaking:
"...People who've said that, I have met too many of them. On one level, that is true, and I used to think that way too. But it isn't right. Especially in a virtual world, there are some things that you must protect, no matter how stupid you look. I was taught that by a person very important to me..."
Here, Kirito's voice grew very soft, taking on a warm feeling.
"VRMMOs are called games, but this is a contradiction; splitting the player and the role is not a good idea. If you take on traits in this world, your personality in the real world will reflect these changes. Players and their character are one. I like Lyfa, and I want to be your friend. No matter what the reason, I will not kill you to further my own self-interests, absolutely not!"
"Kirito-kun..." Lyfa suddenly felt unable to breathe so she stopped running. Noticing her falter, Kirito also paused.
Lyfa wrung her hands in thought, but words could not express the feelings racing through her; she continued staring at the dark eyed boy in front of her.
I see... so this is it... Lyfa muttered in the depths of her heart. That was the reason why Lyfa had not become close to anyone in this world. She could not be certain if what she saw was their true character, or if it was just a personality assumed with the avatar. She could not know if what they said were their true intentions and ideas. She didn't know how to approach them, and to escape their offered hands' weight, she wanted to fly away.
But, she didn't need to worry about that. She just followed what she felt, and that would be enough, since it was real to her.
"...Thank you!"
Lyfa said the words that gently rose from the depths of her heart, knowing that if she spoke more she would start crying.
Hearing that, Kirito laughed in embarrassment.
"Sorry, I exaggerated a bit. It's a bad habit of mine."
"No, it made me happy – then we will say farewell once we exit the cave."
After hearing this, Kirito raised his eyebrows in surprise.
"I'll be going with you though."
"Wait, what?"
"Oh no, we've wasted a lot of time. Yui, please navigate while we run."
"Understood!"
Seeing the Pixie that sat on his shoulder nod in agreement, he turned to Lyfa.
"Lend me your hand for a moment."
"Oh, eh..."
Kirito reached out his left hand and grasped Lyfa's right hand. This situation had happened before, but this was the first time they actually held hands; Lyfa's heart suddenly began noticeably beating very fast. The next moment, Kirito bolted forward at breakneck speeds, abruptly breaking through the wall of the air and creating a wind tunnel. They had been running at a considerable pace earlier, but now they were going even faster. Their incredible speed made the rock texture appear to melt as they passed. With her right hand in Kirito's, her body floated out behind in a horizontal line. Kirito scanned around while cornering in the twisting and turning cave. There was nothing the least bit romantic about it.
"Waahh!?"
Lyfa cried in a high-pitched voice as, looking ahead, she saw blinking yellow cursors getting closer. A group of orcs seemed to have made a nest in the cave.
"That— Those monsters."
Before she finished her sentence, Kirito ran right into the group of Orcs without showing any signs of slowing down.
"Wahhhh!"
Lyfa`s screams mixes together with the roar of the monsters. But one after another, the rain of heavy weapons missed. Kirito saw a gap in the monsters and rushed through with a furious dash. The orcs turned around, voiced their anger, and began to give chase, but Kirito had already broken through into the next passage. After that, they met Orcs and other monsters several more times, but Kirito simply dodged around and rushed past them all. At some point, a giant wave of monsters was following behind Kirito and Lyfa, their movement creating an earthshaking, avalanche-like tremor. On a side note, their action of «Aggravating» is considered very bad manners, as any unwary team that got in the way would most likely be unable to escape annihilation. Fortunately, a point of white light appeared before such a tragedy occurred.
"Oh, that's probably the exit."
After hearing Kirito say this, her vision suddenly went white, and, with a single step, the ground disappeared.
"Hieeeee!?"
Lyfa instinctively closed her eyes and screamed as her feet thrashed about, but she soon noticed that the roaring around her had disappeared.
Gingerly opening her eyes, Lyfa found herself floating through the vast, infinite sky. It appeared that Kirito had not slowed down at all, instead catapulting from the cave opening that was halfway up the mountain. Looking back, she saw the sheer grey cliffs that seemed to continue forever in all directions. Soon after their exit, gravity quickly returned, and their fall drew an arc through the sky.
Hurriedly spreading her wings and gliding, Lyfa exhaled.
"Fuu haa!!"
Breathing rapidly, Lyfa took a look behind them; in the distance was the cave exit, and huddling around it were the monsters that had chased them out. She turned back to Kirito.
"I think years were just shaved off my life!"
"Haha. It definitely saved us some time."
"...For dungeons, it shouldn't be.. while searching for the enemy, make sure you don't gather monsters.. what you did was like another game.."
Lyfa calmed down as she complained, and she began to re-examine the area. The vast plains spread out below, the blue of water sparkled here and there, the water's connection to a meandering river, and beyond that—
"Ah..."
Lyfa gasped involuntarily. At the far end of the sea of clouds floated a huge shadow. A gigantic trunk pierced the earth and heavens like a pillar supporting the sky, with branches and leaves growing on the same scale as celestial bodies.
"So, that... is the World Tree."
Beside her, Kirito whispered in an awed tone. Even from their spot, just a distance ahead of their exit from the mountains, the World Tree had an overwhelming presence despite being almost twenty kilometers away. It was hard to imagine what it would be like to stand at its base. The two of them remained silent as they stared at the World Tree, but before long, Kirito recovered and said:
"Ah, it can't go on like this. Lyfa, where is the Conference of the Lords?"
"Ah, right. The World Tree is situated at the center of the world, in a large bowl created by the surrounding mountains. There are three large passes that lead to the World Tree: from Salamander territory is «Dragon Valley»; from Undine territory, «Rainbow Valley»; and from Cait Sith territory is «Butterfly Valley». The conference will be taking place at «Butterfly Valley», and near the inland exit."
Lyfa looked around and pointed northwest.
"I think we should fly in that direction for some time."
"Okay, how much time is remaining!?"
"...Twenty minutes."
"If they want to attack the conference, the Salamanders will be coming from that direction."
Kirito's finger moved from the Southeast to the Northwest.
"If they arrive earlier than us, we'll be in trouble. Let's just hurry. Yui, do a search, and tell me if a large number of players come into range."
"Yes!"
Yui nodded, and Lyfa and Kirito began accelerating.

"Anyway, are there no monsters in this area?"
Kirito asked while cutting through a cloud cluster.
"The Aarun Plateau is a field with no monsters. So the conference is being deliberately held close to this place."
"In other words, if monsters attacked midway through the talk, it might be a bit of a problem. However, in this case, it would've been very fortunate."
"What do you mean?"
Kirito just laughed with a mischievous smile.
"Like what happened earlier, I was going to lead a bunch of monsters directly through the Salamander force."
"...You have time to think like that? The Salamander group is supposed to be bigger than the one that attacked us in the cave. If we can warn them in time, we will all run to the Cait Sith territory; if we gather a big group of monsters, who do you think will die?"
"..."
Kirito stroked his chin with a thoughtful look on his face. At that moment...
"There it is, player response!"
Yui suddenly cried out.
"The group in front has 68 players, these probably are the Salamander assault force. In addition, there are fourteen more people on the ground, I expect those are the Sylph and Cait Sith delegations. The two sides will meet in fifty seconds."
Yui finished talking just as they cut through a large cloud. Lyfa looked down on a very broad, green plateau from extremely high in the air.
Somewhere at a lower altitude were innumerable, creeping shadows. Flying in five-man units, they were like a flock of sinister figures sneaking up on their target without a sound.
Her glance was then drawn toward their destination. She could see a small circular platform. There was a long white table with seven chairs on each side, an impromptu conference hall.
The people sitting in the chairs, still deep in conversation, were unaware of the looming threat.
"...We're too late."
Lyfa said from Kirito's side.
There was no time to warn the Lords before the Salamanders arrived— not enough time to escape. Thus, the others must be prepared to become a shield, even at the cost of their lives, to at least allow the Lords to escape.
Lyfa took her hand and held Kirito's.
"Thank you, Kirito-kun, for bringing me here. You go to the World Tree, and though the time we traveled together was short, I was very happy."
Lyfa said with a smile, but as she folded her wings to an acute angle for diving, Kirito caught her right hand. Lyfa turned to him, and on Kirito's face floated his usual fearless smile.
"It is not in my nature to run away!"
Kirito let go of her hand, moved Yui off his shoulder into his breast pocket, and, beating his wings violently, suddenly accelerated. BANG! Lyfa closed her eyes from the force of the sonic boom, and, when she re-opened them, Kirito was diving toward the platform.
"What!! What are you doing!!?"
The moment of farewell and her sad words of parting made worthless, Lyfa argued back, but Kirito had already left her far behind. Stunned, she hurriedly chased him.
At their destination, the Cait Sith and Sylphids finally noticed the large group. One by one, they jumped off their chairs and drew their shining silver swords, but, compared to the Salamanders and their equipment, they seemed very fragile.
Flying over the grassland, the Salamander vanguard held their lances up like birds-of-prey ready to dive on defenseless rabbits. The troops behind fanned out to the left and right, half surrounding the platform. Moments before the killing, the world was shrouded in silence.
One Salamander raised his hand, and just as he was about to let it drop...
A huge cloud of dust rose from center of the platform between the two groups. Then an instant later KA-BOOM! A loud explosion seemed to cause even the atmosphere to tremble, and Kirito landed like a black meteor without slowing down.
All the players on the ground stood frozen in place. As the dust gradually thinned out, Kirito slowly stood up, in general contempt of the Salamander Army. He leaned back, took a deep breath, and yelled:

"Both sides, put your weapons away!!"

"Woo ah!"
Lyfa, still diving, instinctively dropped her head. What an incredibly loud sound, although it's not as loud as that earlier explosion. It caused even Lyfa, who was still about ten meters in the air, to shake. For the Salamanders, whether it was from physical pressure or just shock, they were trembling a bit as they moved back little by little.
It was not the voice that surprised everyone; it was the fearless courage within it. What exactly is that guy doing? No one could guess.
Lyfa looked at the scene as a cold sweat went down her back. Behind Kirito, Lyfa landed near the green clothed group who should be Sylph. Looking around, Lyfa immediately saw a familiar figure.
"Sakuya!"
Hearing someone call her name, that Sylph looked around with a dazed expression and opened her eyes wide when she saw Lyfa.
"Lyfa!? Why are you here!? No, what is going on here...?"
Lyfa opened her mouth while thinking, this was the first time she has ever seen Sakuya so confused, and said:
"It's hard to explain, but right now, our fate is in that person's hands!"
"What is going on?"
The Sylph lord looked at the small back of the figure dressed in black. While sympathetic to her thoughts, Lyfa studied the current Sylph Lord, Sakuya.
The woman had a beautiful slender straight posture, with waist-length green hair so dark it was nearly black. She had pale white skin, slightly slit eyes, a high nose, and thin lips. if you were to describe her beauty, it would be the beauty of a finely honed blade.
Wearing long Japanese style clothes that hugged her body, from her obi hung a katana nearly two inches longer than Lyfa's. Delicate white feet in high crimson clogs peeked out from beneath the hem of her clothes. Looking at that unforgettable figure, it was no wonder she won the election for Lord with an impressive 80% of the votes.
Of course, the votes didn't just come from her beauty alone. Because of the pressures of being the lord, she could rarely participate in hunting, so her numerical stats can not be called terribly high. However, her sword skills were such that she was usually in the final round during tournament duels, and her just personality also maintained her overwhelming popularity.
Moving her eyes, Lyfa's gaze came to rest on a petite female player beside Sakuya.
The wavy, blond hair surrounding the big triangular ears on both sides of her head marked her as a Cait Sith. She wore armor that resembled a one-piece swimsuit, boldly exposing delicately-tanned skin. From both sides of her waist hung claw-type weapons with three huge protruding nails. A colorful stripe near her hips emphasized her tail, which was twitching and trembling in tension.
Looking at her profile, you could see long eyelashes that covered big eyes and a slightly round small nose. Her avatar in ALO was unusual, but it could be described as a charming little girl. Although it is the first time Lyfa had seen her, it was probably safe to say she was the Cait Sith Lord, Alicia Rue. Like Sakuya, she maintained her position as Lord through overwhelming popularity.
Behind the two lords who stood together, six Cait Siths and six Sylphids stood by the long white table, all showing bewildered expressions. She didn't know any of the Cait Siths, but all the Sylphs were members of the council group of strong players. Taking a closer look at this group of people, Lyfa confirmed that Sigurd was not present.
As Lyfa turned to look at the Salamander forces on the southern part of the plateau, Kirito again shouted:
"I have something to say to the commander!"
This fearless attitude seemed to overwhelm the Salamander soldiers, their Lance group opened up a path. From that path in the air came a large soldier.
Bristling flame-like hair framed a face reminiscent of a dark-skinned bird of prey. His strong body was covered in the ultra-rare Blood Armor, and he carried a huge sword far stronger than Kirito's.
Seeing his eyes flash crimson for a moment, Lyfa felt a cold sweat run down her back. Though she wasn't facing him directly, this was the first time Lyfa had felt such an intimidating aura from an opponent.
With a Gasha sound he landed in front of Kirito, without any expression he looked down at Kirito with contempt. Eventually, the Salamander opened his mouth and, with a deep, penetrating voice, asked:
"...What is a Spriggan doing in such a place? Not that it will stop us from killing you, but I will listen to your story in deference to the courage you are displaying."
Kirito, without any hesitation, said loudly:
"My name is Kirito, and I am the representative of the Spriggan-Undine Union. Am I to understand that by attacking this place, you wish to start a full-scale war with all four of our races?"
Uwaa...
Lyfa was speechless. The idea was just too illogical. This time real cold sweat streamed down her back from the outrageous story he was telling. At this point, Sakuya and Alicia Rue turned to Lyfa in surprise, only to see her desperate wink.
But the Salamander commander also seemed to be truly surprised.
"Spriggan-Undine Union...?"
His expression soon returned to normal.
"You say that you are the ambassador, but where is your escort?"
"Ah, yes. I came here to conduct trade negotiations with Sylph and Cait Sith. However, if you attack us at the conference, it will be a different matter. In essence you would be forcing all four races into an alliance against the Salamanders."
Suddenly, the world again fell into silence, only to be broken by the Salamander leader's remarks.
"Hmm, even if you are who you say you are, how can I believe someone who came alone and with such bad equipment!?"
The Salamander put his hand to his back and loudly unsheathed a huge, double-edged sword. It had a dark-red gloss and two intertwined dragons were etched on its surface.
"If you can withstand my attacks for thirty seconds, I'll trust you as an ambassador!"
"You're so generous, aren't you?"
Kirito drew his own double-edged sword as he spoke. Unlike the Salamander, his sword is a dull reddish-black with no decoration.
Kirito's wings started vibrating and he floated into the air, hovering at the same height as the Salamander. Lyfa thought it felt as though the fighting spirit was being compressed between the two, and it would start bursting out in white sparks.
...Thirty seconds...
Lyfa gulped with a deep sound.
Given Kirito's abilities and strength, this should be quite generous. But from the murderous intent that practically oozed from the Salamander commander, Lyfa could tell he wasn't an ordinary case either.


In the tense atmosphere, Sakuya, who was standing next to Lyfa, whispered:
"This is bad..."
"What...?"
"That Salamander, the two-handed sword he's holding, I've seen it before on a website reviewing legendary weapons. It's the «Demonic Sword Gram», which would make that man «General Eugene». Did you know that?"
"...Only the name..."
Lyfa held her breath and nodded her head, and Sakuya continued:
"He is the brother of Salamander Lord «Mortimer», possibly in the real world as well. He has the pure strength to match his brother's wisdom. He is said to be the Salamander`s strongest warrior.. which means he's..."
"...The strongest player!?"
"That's right... This has turned out to be quite terrible."
"...Kirito-kun..."
Lyfa clasped her hands tightly to her chest.
The two people hovering in the air faced each other across the intervening distance, seeming to measure their opponent. Low-altitude clouds covered the sun, and pillars of light shone through the gaps. One of those beams reflected brilliantly off of the Salamander's sword, and, at that moment.
Eugene launched his attack without any predictable movements.
Phew! With a ring, Eugene moved at super-high-speed, causing the air to vibrate. His sword drew a crimson arc in the air as it was swung toward the diminutive Spriggan.
Kirito's reaction speed was unbelievably fast. He acted without any excess movements, expanding his wings and blocking Eugene's overhead strike. After parrying his opponent's attack, Kirito would immediately counter— Predictable enough, Lyfa thought, but...
"—?"
At the moment the black sword and the crimson sword crossed, the crimson sword seemed to change to vapor. It passed through Kirito's sword, and returned to normal.
Dagaaan!! With a burst of sound that could shake the world, Kirito was hit in the chest by an explosion of tremendous strength. He looked like a black leaf blown through a storm as he plummeted earthward. There was another roar, and the dust rose as he struck the ground.
"What just...!?"
Lyfa's speechless question was answered by Alicia Rue.
"«Demonic Sword Gram» has a special ability called «Ethereal Shift». When it comes in contact with defensive shields, swords, or other objects, it phases. In other words, it has a 'pass through' extra effect."
"How, how could..."
Lyfa hurriedly checked Kirito's HP value. But suddenly, a shadow leaped from the dust cloud, rushing straight at the still-hovering Eugene.
"Oh, he's still alive!"
As if nothing had happened, Kirito stopped and asked:
"What was that earlier attack!?"
Kirito remarked while swinging his sword.
KLANG KLANG! Metallic sound continued. Kirito didn't seem to be one to give up due to having inferior weapon. Even though Lyfa's eyes could not discern Kirito's countless strikes, Eugene was repelling the attacks with his two-handed sword.
For just a brief moment, Kirito's assault seemed to pause, but that was enough.
Gram once again shined a fierce light. As Kirito was about block an attack aimed at his side, the sword dissolved, only to reappear beyond his guard and bite deeply into his abdomen.
"Guhaaa!!"
Kirito cried as he coughed up air from his lungs, this time he was spun in the air. With his wings fully extended, he managed to stop and regain his balance.
"That is definitely effective.. Hey, hasn't thirty seconds passed yet?"
Hearing Kirito's remarks, Eugene just laughed arrogantly.
"Sorry, now I really want to cut you down. I'm changing the plan, this time I'll remove your head!"
"This guy.. I'll make you regret it!"
Kirito again prepared to attack, though unfortunately, there seemed to be no doubt as to who the winner would be.
To prevent the special attacks from «Demonic Sword Gram», Kirito could do nothing to defend. Instead, he had to avoid all attacks. But that was almost impossible in this high-speed, close-quarters-combat.
Coming to the same conclusion, Sakuya whispered:
"The situation is grim. Although the players might be seen as equal, the performance of their weapons is far too different. For the one and only «Demonic Sword Gram», only the legendary weapon, «Holy Sword Excaliber», can compete against it, but no one knows where or how to obtain it..."
"..."
Even so, if it is Kirito... Although he appeared to be just a novice, he had demonstrated great strength... This Spriggan was certainly an enigma. While thinking this, Lyfa clasped her hands to her chest as if praying.
Eugene's red wings blurred into a band of light as he thrust his sword forward. Kirito avoided the attack with dangerous random flying.
While fighting, the two of them flew in a complex pattern, time and time again there were attack effect flashes before they separated. Kirito's health had already been reduced to about half by the two attacks he had taken. Eugene was not a normal opponent though, easily able to cut through Kirito's defenses that had withstood multiple magic attacks earlier.
Kirito suddenly turned around and thrust out his right hand. He chanted an incantation, and black dust sparkled from his outstretched hand...
Bang, bang, bang, bang! Jet-black streams of smoke erupted around the two opponents. A long-range fascination magic quickly expanded to cover the entire airspace.
The darkness descended to above Lyfa's head and the surroundings became dark. Lyfa`s vision was obscured by the darkness, and she desperately searched for Kirito.
"Lyfa, lend me this for a little bit."
"Huh!?"
A voice suddenly whispered in her ears, and she felt her katana being drawn from its sheath at her waist.
"Ki..Kirito-kun!?"
Lyfa hurriedly turned around. There was no one there, but her sheath was inexplicably empty.
"Are you trying to stall!!?"
Eugene cried from the center of the thick smoke. Immediately came the sound of a spell incantation.
WHACK! A red light burst out in an expanding sphere, dispelling the smoke. The smoke faded quickly, once again restoring light to the world.
Lyfa hurriedly looked to the blue sky. There was...
No sign of Kirito.
The only one hovering in air was the Salamander general. The little Spriggan is nowhere in sight.
"No way.. he fled..."
Behind, a Cait Sith cried in astonishment. But before he finished, Lyfa cried out:
"Of course he didn't!"
There is absolutely no way. Even if any other player would flee, he would not run.
This young man, Kirito, did not «play» VRMMO games; he «lived» them. He believed that this world was another reality, and that all the trust cultivated, all the bonds formed, and all the love created here was the truth.
Therefore, hey.. I can hear it...
It was coming from above, the sound of a flight so powerfully beautiful it resembled the sound from a flute. Approaching closer and closer, louder and louder.
"...!!"
The moment she finally found his figure, it was cast in rainbows by the tears appearing in Lyfa's eyes.
From the middle of the sun, the object that created the strongest light effects in ALfheim, falling from the sky through the white light of heaven, a small shadow rapidly descends.
Eugene noticed a few seconds later than Lyfa and looked up. Frowning at the strong effect, he raised his left hand to shield his eyes from the sun's strong light. An average player would have moved horizontally to avoid the sun's rays and to follow the space where the shadow was falling.
However, the general Eugene, worthy of his reputation, closed his mouth, then opened it greatly.
"Waaahhhhh!!"
With a yell that seemed to make earth and heavens tremble, he turned toward the sun like a true Salamander. With a streak of red light, he shot up like a rocket.
Kirito incoming from above held his black greatsword, which he normally used with both hands, in his right hand only. His left hand was hidden behind his back so it could not be seen.
In the strong light, what he held in his left hand flashed, and it was raised up high.
What caused that silver flash? That was the katana that Kirito had just taken from the sheath at her waist, if Lyfa was not mistaken. That was, Kirito now held a sword in each hand.
Two-sword style— This concept was not entirely new. Despite the many people that attempted to use it, Lyfa didn't know of any who had succeeded. It was incredibly difficult to manipulate swords with both hands and to have them work in sync.
During kendo competitions in the real world, it was not against the rules to use two bamboo swords, one large and one smaller. However, it was prohibited in middle or high school competitions, and the number of university students who could use two swords is very small. Anyway, she had never used two swords. It might have its advantages, but it was too difficult to be practical. It was said that the same was true in the virtual world.
Still, Kirito was armed with two swords. Eugene apparently thought it was an act of desperation and had a contemptuous smile on his face.
Lyfa opened her eyes wet with tears and wholeheartedly believed in Kirito.
The Salamander raised his demonic sword and, with a solemn twist, swung it at Kirito. The Spriggan's left-hand sword rose in an intersecting orbit to meet it.
Bang! The dark red sword began to vibrate. «Ethereal Shift» activated, penetrating Kirito's guard and plunging toward his neck.
KLANG! With a sharp metallic sound, Gram was deflected. What stopped it was Kirito's exactly timed thrust using the greatsword in his right hand. Like threading the eye of a needle, perfect timing.
Kirito faced the astonished Eugene, and issued a thunderous roar.


"O...ooooaaaa——!!"
With swords in both hands, he attacked with speed so overwhelming that the swords appeared to turn into mist.
The katana in his left hand swept out, followed by a thrust with the great sword in a perfectly linked motion. As the greatsword pulled back, the katana slashed once again, from the lower left, and, after returning along the same path, the greatsword chopped down heavily from above.
Silver and black melded together as the onslaught of attacks fell like meteors through the night sky. How much training it would take to achieve that kind of speed with a two-sword style, Lyfa could not imagine. Eugene retreated and tried to use Ethereal Shift to fight back, but his sword could not pass through twice, it was blocked by Kirito's double barrier.
"Nuooh!!"
As General Eugene was rapidly forced toward the ground, he roared deeply. The special effects of his armor formed a thin wall of flame like a hemisphere, pushing Kirito back a little. In that moment, the demonic sword came up—
KONG! With loud noise, Eugene went on the offensive.
Kirito did not hesitate in rushing in either, and the katana in his left hand gleamed as it swung down at a speed matched only by lightning.
JANG! The shrill scream of metal flowed out. Blinding sparks cascaded down in an arc through the air.
Before the Ethereal Shift could even activate, Kirito's sword hit Gram's side and deflected it. Eugene's attack grazed Kirito's left shoulder and moved to his back. Right after...
"Ra...aaaaaa!!"
With amazing ease, the sword in Kirito's right hand thrust straight forward.
Thunk! Low notes sounded, the black blade went through the Salamander`s body.
"Guahhh!!"
Kirito's nearly god-like speed coupled with their incoming speed resulted in terrific damage. Eugene's HP bar plunged into the yellow zone in an instant.
Kirito's attacks did not stop there. As Eugene tried to recover, Kirito quickly pulled his great sword back, resuming his attack form and using his left hand katana to start a combo that Lyfa was unable to follow. In one breath, four cuts of his sword drew a beautiful track in the air, forming a square that wrapped around the Salamander`s huge body.
"...!!"
General Eugene expressed astonishment as his upper body, from right shoulder to his left waist, slid away without a sound. The light forming the square dispersed in every direction.
Right after, General Eugene`s body began burning, and he collapsed into a huge End Frame.
No one moved.
From the Sylphids and the Cait Siths to the over fifty members of the Salamander assault force, everyone froze.
It was a battle at such high level that no one had ever seen anything like it.
In general, fighting in ALO was a graceless brandishing of weapons at close-range or a mindless reliance on magic without even a hint of skill in long-range combat. Defense and evasion were techniques performed only by very experienced long time players, things like face-to-face high skill combat could only be seen at the final rounds at fighting tournaments.
But this time, the fight between Kirito and Eugene was much more than that.
Ornate sword-dancing tearing the air, high-speed flight, Eugene and his earth-shattering sword, and Kirito's ultra-high speed two sword style that defeated it...
Sakuya was the first to break the silence.
"Wonderful, wonderful!!"
She said in a forceful voice as she clapped her hands.
"Amazing! Nice fight!"
Alicia Rue said immediately, followed by the twelve people behind her. Grand applause, mixed with whistles and a loud "BRAVO!" resounded in an immense tumult.
Lyfa watched the Salamander forces with bated breath. Surely, in the case of their commander being defeated, they won't be able to take it lying down—
Surprisingly, the wave of applause also transmitted from the Salamander troops there. Continuous cheers rang out, they raised their lances and waved them like a banner.
"Ooh...!"
Lyfa smiled unintentionally.
Up till now, she had only thought of the Salamanders as enemies – a lawless group of robbers, but they were still players of ALO before any of that. The amazing duel between Eugene and Kirito was enough to sway their hearts.
Caught in the exaltation, Lyfa also clapped her hands with all her heart.
In the center of the ring of applause, Kirito's face emerged with a smile, he resheathed his sword and raised his right hand.
"Ah, thank you, thank you!"
Kirito bowed in every direction, turned in Lyfa's direction, and shouted:
"Will someone please use revival magic?!"
"Understood."
Nodding, Sakuya floated through the air and stopped beside Eugene's Remain Light. With the hem of her kimono fluttering, she began the incantation for revival magic.
A blue light emerged from Sakuya's hands and wrapped around the red flame. The complicated magic circle solidified and the flame expanded, eventually forming a human shape.
Then with a final strong flash, the magic circle disappeared. Kirito, Sakuya and the revived Eugene landed in silence on the platform edge. Silence once again descended upon them.
"...That was impressive skill. You bastard, you are the strongest player I have ever seen."
Eugene said with a calm tone.
"Thank you."
Was Kirito's short response.
"That a Spriggan like you exists, the world is a very big place."
"My story, do you believe it now?"
"..."
Eugene narrowed his eyes, suddenly silent.
At this time, from the Salamander vanguard, a player ran over to Eugene. The player in armor stood at attention, then used his left hand to lift his visor.
He had a rugged face, Lyfa could tell as he bowed to Eugene before speaking.
"Gene-san, do you have a moment?"
"Ah, Kagemune, what is it?"
Where have I heard this name before? —Lyfa thought for a moment, before remembering. That was the name the surviving Salamander from the lake had mentioned. Kagemune was the captain of the troop of Salamanders that Kirito had wiped out at the Ancient Forest yesterday.
"I think you already know, but yesterday my party was annihilated."
Hearing him talking about that, Lyfa swallowed her saliva and strained her ears to listen.
"Yes."
"It was this Spriggan, I'm sure, but he also had an Undine companion."
"...!?"
Surprised, Lyfa looked at Kagemune's profile. Kirito's eyebrows twitched momentarily before his poker face settled back into place. Kagemune continued:
"In addition, from the information of the 'S', a team was sent to hunt this man. They seem to have been repulsed."
'S' was probably a code for a spy. But the 'S' might also stand for Sigurd...
Eugene looked down at Kagemune's face. Most people around them began whispering to each other, and Lyfa's palms began sweating, waiting for the other's response.
Finally, Eugene nodded and said:
"Is that so?"
He smiled slightly.
"I'll leave it at that..."
Then he turned to Kirito.
"Neither our Lord nor I have any desire to provoke the Spriggans and Undines under the current conditions. We will leave this place, but, one day, I would like to fight you once again."
"I await that day."
Kirito thrust his fist in front of him. Eugene knocked his fist against Kirito's and turned around. Spreading his wings, he kicked off the ground and flew away.
As he flew away, Kagemune looked back at Lyfa, and, with a laugh in his eyes, awkwardly winked his right eye. I repaid what I owed you— that's probably what he meant, Lyfa thought with a slight smile on her face.
Seeing the two Salamanders fly away, Lyfa released the breath she had been holding.
As the people on the ground watched, the Salamander troops formed up neatly and with very little confusion. As they left, their wings issued a dull tremble with Eugene's wings leading. Their presence soon faded, and, as they entered the clouds, they were swallowed up and completely disappeared.
The silence descended once again, this time to be broken by Kirito's laughter.
"...So there are Salamanders who can understand talks."
Lyfa was lost for a few seconds, then the words building in the depths of her stomach finally flowed out.
"...You, are too much."
"I've often heard that."
"...Ha ha ha."
Their laughter was finally stopped with a cough from Sakuya, before she said:
"Sorry... but it would be helpful if you could explain the situation."

As the calm was restored on the platform, Lyfa told the whole story, although some of the content was speculative. Sakuya, Alicia Rue, and the elders of the two communities listened quietly until Lyfa finished, then they all made a deep sigh.
"...So that's what happened."
Sakuya, arms crossed over her chest, gorgeous eyebrows arched down, nodded her head.
"For the past few months, Sigurd's attitude became very restless. I felt he was up to something, but I couldn't remove him from the council for fear of being seen as a dictator."
"Sakuya-chan, it seems your popularity put you in a difficult position."
Alicia Rue, who had been in power even longer than Sakuya, nodded deeply.
"Restless... from what?"
Lyfa asked since she still couldn't understand Sigurd's mindset, Sakuya answered:
"It was probably that his heart could not forgive the situation. He could not tolerate being second place to the Salamanders."
"..."
"Sigurd is a man driven by power, both in his character's numerical stats and in his political power as a player... hence the thought of the Salamanders conquering the world tree and ruling over the skies of ALFheim, the idea of looking up at them from the ground... that is something he would not forgive."
"...But even so, why would he spy for the Salamanders?"
"Did you hear about «UPDATE 5.0», soon to be introduced? Rumors say that it will include a «Rebirth System»."
"Ah... then..."
"He may have struck a deal with Mortimer because as long as the race's Lord agreed, he would be able to become a Salamander. But Rebirth is supposed to cost a huge amount of Yurudo. I doubt that cold-blooded Mortimer would have held up his end of the bargain anyway."
"..."
Lyfa had complicated feelings, so she tried to empty her mind by staring at the gold-colored sky and the distant cloud covered world tree.
Reincarnation as an ALF and being freed of the shackles on flight... this has been Lyfa's dream since she first experienced flight. It was the reason she joined Sigurd's team, it was why she was eager to hunt, turning almost all of the money over to the Sylphid council.
If I had not met Kirito and quit the team, Sigurd may have tried to sway me into his Salamander reincarnation plan. If that had happened, what would I have done?
"ALO really is a sinister game that tests the desires of the players."
Kirito said suddenly, his voice mixed with a wry smile.
"The designer must have a bad character."
"Fufu, that's right."
Sakuya responded with a smile.
Lyfa decided to follow her heart a little. She had held Kirito's left hand in her right and put weight on it. Moving close to Kirito, who seemed unfazed no matter the situation, Lyfa's heart gradually settled down.
"So... what will you do, Sakuya?"
Upon hearing this, the beautiful smile faded into that calculating look of those in power, and her eyes closed. They immediately opened, this time the dark green eyes emit exceptionally bright, clear light.
"Rue, you've been training your dark magic skills, right?"
Upon hearing Sakuya's words, Alicia's large ears twitched back and forth expressing her affirmation.
"Well, then please use «Moonlight Mirror» on Sigurd."
"That's fine, but it is not night yet, so it won't last long."
"Never mind, it will soon be over."
Moving her ears again, Alicia Rue raised her hands, took a step back, and started to chant.
Alicia's tempting voice rose in the rhythm of the rarely heard dark magic incantation. The surroundings darkened suddenly, and moonlight poured quickly out of nowhere.
The moonlight immediately began collecting in front of Alicia, and, like liquid-gold, it formed a round mirror. Everyone watched in silence, and the mirror had a slightly wavy surface, reflecting a view from some other blurred place.
"Ah..."
Lyfa let out the small sound. Projected in the mirror, was a place she had visited a countless number of times: the lord's mansion council room.
Lyfa could see a huge emerald green desk. Behind the desk, in the chair reserved for the Lord, sat a man. He had his legs crossed and propped up on the desk while he leaned back into the chair. His eyes were closed and his head was cradled in his hands; this person was Sigurd.
Sakuya stepped in front of the mirror and called out in a voice like a tightly-strung harp:
"Sigurd!"
In the mirror, Sigurd suddenly opened his eyes and jumped up like a spring. He probably saw in the mirror, coming eye-to-eye with Sakuya, his mouth open and his body shook constantly.
"Sa- Sakuya!?"
"Yes, unfortunately, I'm still alive."
Sakuya replied indifferently.
"Why... no... the conference...?"
"It's likely to end successfully. But the signing of the treaty has just begun. Oh yes, we had an unexpected visitor."
"G... guest...?"
"General Eugene told us to say hello to you!"
"Wha?"
This time, Sigurd seemed to have undergone great surprise. His fine face turned pale, and his eyes shifted restlessly as he searched for words. His eyes locked on Lyfa and Kirito behind Sakuya.
"Ly...!?"
Suddenly, his eyes opened wide, and he finally seemed to grasp the situation. Sigurd bared his teeth in a predatory smile.
"...Those incompetent lizards. So... Sakuya, what do you want? Reprimand money? Kick me out of the Ministry of Power? But if you lose me as army commander, what happens to your political power..."
"No, if you can no longer stand being a Sylph, I'll grant your wish."
"Wh, what...?"
Sakuya elegantly waved her left hand, and a huge system menu exclusively for the Lord appeared. The numerous windows were not stacked, but formed hexagonal columns of light. Sakuya found one particular window and slid it out with a finger.
In the mirror, Sigurd stared as a blue message window appeared in front of him. Looking at the message, his face flushed instantly, and he stood up.
"Why, you..! Are you insane? You... to me... You are going to banish me!?"
"Yes, you will become a renegade and wander the neutral zone. I pray that you can find new fun in this game soon."
"Well... I'll sue you! I will go to a GM with a complaint of an unjust use of power!!"
"As you wish. ...Goodbye, Sigurd."
Sigurd raised his fist and began to continue his tirade. Sakuya touched a button on her menu, and Sigurd disappeared from the mirror. Since he was banished from Sylph territory, he would be randomly transferred to a neutral city other than Aarun.
The gold mirror now reflected an empty council room, but, before long, the surface began to distort. With a loud metallic clang, it shattered, and the shroud that had been covering the setting sun disappeared.
"...Sakuya..."
The silence once again returned, Sakuya's eyebrows furrowed, and Lyfa sensing her feelings called out gently.
The beautiful lord waved her left hand once again, dismissing the menu window, and sighed with a smile.
"Whether my judgement was right or not will be decided at the next lord election. Anyway, thank you Lyfa. I'm very glad you, who stubbornly refused to join the council of elders, came here to the rescue. Alicia as well, I'm sorry you got mixed up in the Sylphid civil unrest and came under danger."
"We survived, so it doesn't matter!"
Following the casual voice of the Cait Sith lord, Lyfa shook her head.
"I did not do anything. If you want to thank someone, you should thank Kirito."
"Yes, now that you mention it... what are you..."
Standing side by side, Sakuya and Alicia Rue looked at Kirito with a question written on their faces.
"Are you actually the ambassador of the Spriggan-Undine Union?"
Out of curiosity, Alicia asked, her tail flicking. With his hand on his right hip, Kirito answered confidently:
"It was all a big lie, of course. A random bluff, but it was necessary for negotiations."
"Wha...!!"
Their mouths dropped open, at an utter loss for words.
"... What an unreasonable man. And boasting such a thing in that situation..."
"When you've been dealt a bad hand, you have to raise the stakes."
Kirito bragged unapologetically. Suddenly, Alicia was smiling, and, with the mischievous smile of a cat, advanced a few steps nearer Kirito, and she looked at his face from close-up.
"You big liar, you're really strong though! Do you know? General Eugene is probably the strongest player in ALO. You actually beat him face-to-face, so you're the Spriggans' secret weapon, right?"
"How could that be? I'm just a humble wandering warrior."
"Pfft, yahahaha!"
This arrogant answer made Alicia laugh, and she took Kirito's right hand and hugged it to her chest. Tilting her head, she gave him a sexy look.
"Free means you can come to Cait Sith territory as a mercenary. I can offer you three meals a day and an afternoon nap."
"Wha..."


Lyfa felt her lips draw tight. But, before she got a chance to speak up, another voice abruptly interrupted.
"Hey Rue, no cutting in line."
In came Sakuya, with a more amorous voice than normal. She was now dressed in a sleeveless dress and grasped Kirito's left arm.
"He came to rescue the Sylphs originally, so that should give us preferential negotiation rights. Kirito-kun, we will go for a drink in Sylvain, which will double as a courtesy, and then we can take care of some personal matters..."
Pili Pili. Lyfa's face turned red with rage and started to twitch uncontrollably.
"Ah, too cunning, Sakuya-chan. I oppose seduction."
"You have a right to say that? You are too close to him!"
Two very beautiful lords were double-teaming Kirito, and his uncomfortable look changed to a red-faced look of embarrassment...
While thinking that, Lyfa grabbed Kirito's collar from behind and cried:
"No! Kirito-kun is my..."
All three turned to look at Lyfa. At the same time, she realized what she was saying and returned to reality.
"That is, m... my..."
Unable to find the words, Lyfa was left in an awkward silence, and watching it all, Kirito smiled and said:
"I appreciate your kindness— But sorry, I promised to go with her to the central region."
"Oh.. is that right? That is unfortunate."
The usually reserved Sakuya voiced her regret truthfully, and turned her gaze to Lyfa.
"You're going to Aarun, Lyfa? Is it a pleasure trip, or...?"
"I was leaving the territory— or so I thought. But, though I don't know when, I will definitely go back to Sylvain."
"I see, that's a relief. You have to return, with him of course."
"Make sure to stop by my house when you do, and I'll roll out the red carpet."
The two Lords left Kirito, and their expressions became solemn. Sakuya put her right hand to her chest and tilted her body gracefully, Alicia bowed her head and her ears drooped a little, both of them thanked Kirito and Lyfa. Sakuya raised her head and said:
"I would like to thank you, Lyfa and Kirito. If we had been defeated, the difference between us and the Salamanders would have grown out of control. I wish to express my gratitude..."
"No, such a thing..."
Seeing Kirito scratch his head with a troubled look on his face, Lyfa suddenly thought of something. She stepped forward and said:
"Well, Sakuya, Alicia. The reason for this alliance, is it for attacking the World Tree?"
"Well, ultimately, that is our goal. We will challenge the World Tree together; if both races are reborn as ALF then that's great, but if not, the race that succeeds is responsible for assisting the other during the next Grand Quest. That is the bone of the alliance."
"Please let us take part in the attack as well, as soon as possible."
Alicia Rue and Sakuya exchanged glances.
"I don't mind you accompanying us. It's more like we want you to join us. But we don't know yet about timing, but why?"
"..."
She took a peek at Kirito. The enigmatic Spriggan boy cast his eyes down for a moment and said:
"The reason why I came to this world is to reach the top of the World Tree. There is a certain person that I must meet, and there is a possibility that person may be there..."
"Person? Are you talking about Fairy King Oberon?"
"No, I think it is someone different. It is someone who I can't contact in the real world, but who I must meet by any means possible."
"Oh, at the top of the world tree means a person on the management side? A really mysterious story, don't you think?"
The topic seemed to have attracted Alicia Rue's interest, as she said with shining eyes, but her ears and tail drooped immediately.
"But... to prepare and fully equip the party members' equipment will take a while... it's not possible in a day or two..."
"I see, that's true... No, my goal is just getting to the base of the tree for now... After that I will think of something."
Kirito laughed slightly and, 'Oh yes', as if reminded of something, Kirito waved his left hand. He quickly manipulated the window, and materialized a huge leather bag.
"This should help in the way of funds."
Saying so, Kirito handed out the bag. Judging from the sound, it seemed to be heavy and full of Yurudo. Alicia who accepted the bag staggered for a moment then hurriedly hugged it with both hands, she looked inside and her eyes instantly became rounded with astonishment.
"Sa... Sakuya-chan, this..."
"Hmm..?"
Sakuya bowed her head as her right hand entered the bag. From the inside she drew out a large coin with a white green shine.
"Waahhhh!"
Seeing this, Lyfa also cried out in an incredulous voice. The two lords continued to stare at the contents of the bags, seemingly frozen in place. The twelve people watching from behind cheered.
"...One hundred thousand Yurudo Mithril coin... all of this!?"
Even for Sakuya, she said in a blurred voice while staring at the coin in doubt. Still amazed and shaking her head, she returned the coin to the bag.
"This kind of money, it is almost impossible to earn this without fighting the Evil God-class monsters in Jötunheimr... Are you sure? With this much money you could build a castle in a prime location."
"I don't mind. It is no longer necessary for me."
Kirito didn't seem to have any deep attachment and nodded.
Sakuya and Alicia once again looked in the bag, released a deep sigh, and lifted their heads.
"...With this much, I think we are fairly close to the target amount."
"We will prepare the equipment immediately and will contact you when we are ready."
"I will leave it to you."
Sakuya opened a menu window, and Alicia put the bag into it.
"Just the thought of wandering around in the field with this much money makes me shiver... Let's get back to Cait Sith territory as quickly as possible before the Salamanders change their mind."
"That's true. We'll continue the conference when we return."
The Lords nodded to each other and signaled to their followers. The long table and chairs were cleaned up quickly.
"We owe you a lot. We promise to do our best to make your wish come true, Kirito and Lyfa."
"I'm glad I was able to help."
"We will wait for your contact."
Sakuya and Alicia shook hands respectively with Kirito and Lyfa.
"Thank you! We'll meet again!"
Alicia once again exposed a mischievous smile, wagged her tail near Kirito and kissed him on the cheek. She left the flustered Kirito and turned toward the frowning Lyfa —What did she mean?— and gave her a quick wink. She then spread her pale yellow wings wide.
The two lords waved their hands and flew straight up, with a streak of light they moved toward the red sky west. The six people from each race lined up in beautiful V, a formation like that of wild geese, and followed.
Lyfa and Kirito watched them until their figures disappeared in the sunset sky.
The sound of wind whistling and the leaves playing on it were the only reminders that a fierce fight had just occurred. A fight with the fate of three races on the line now seemed like nothing more than an illusion. Lyfa felt a bit cold, and nestled up to Kirito.
"...Everyone is gone now."
"Yeah, it is finally over..."
The break with Sigurd and the series of events that followed it, Lyfa felt as though it had been a long time. Not just the seven or eight hours that had truly passed.
"Somehow..."
Together with Kirito, this was the true real world, she felt that this winged her was her true self— Lyfa / Suguha thought, but could not express it in words. Instead, she pressed her body against Kirito's chest, and tried to feel his heartbeat, then...
"Why you, I said no cheating, papa!"
"Waa."
Yui jumped out from Kirito's breast pocket and spoke in an indignant voice. Lyfa hurriedly put some distance between her and Kirito.
"Why so sudden..."
Yui flew around the flustered Kirito's head a few times after he said that, then she sat on his shoulder and her cute face pouted.
"The Lords sticking to you seem to make your heart beat faster for some reason!"
"I-... I am a man, so it can't be helped!!"
Lyfa was relieved when she found out Yui wasn't talking about her, but she had a new doubt so she asked Yui.
"Hey, Yui-chan, am I okay?"
"Lyfa-san seems to be alright."
"Wh, why...?"
"Well, Lyfa doesn't seem to give off the feeling of a woman..."
This blunt reply, came from Kirito.
"Wai... wha... What do you mean by that!?"
She could not ignore those words, Lyfa's hand unintentionally drifted to the handle of her katana.
"N... no, I mean... Like easy to get close to... It's good meaning, yes."
A smile rose on Kirito's face while a chuckle emerged.
"Instead of worrying about that, let's hurry and fly to Aarun! The sun is going down!"
"Ah, hey, wait!!"
Lyfa spread her wings and kicked off the ground.
Kirito aimed for The World Tree accelerating, she chased after him while beating her wings at full force and took a quick look behind. Past those huge mountains, is the vast expanse of Ancient Forest and familiar Sylph territory. However, she didn't linger on it as the stars started to emerge in the navy blue evening sky.

* * *

The sun which seemed to be absolutely still while it hung at the zenith of the sky, slowly tilted, dyeing the horizon with the bright red of sunset.
Now, since the last time Oberon had come to visit Asuna, it has been at least five hours, so she sat up. It is probably past midnight on the other side. She prayed that she was not being monitored and stood on the tile.
Ten steps forward and she came to the golden gate. She could not help being surprised that she had been confined in this small place for more than two months.
But— that ends today.
While thinking that, Asuna stretched out her right hand to the password input board beside the door. Five hours ago, she had used the mirror to see the sequence of numbers needed to open the door when Oberon left, and memorized it. Now, one by one she said them and reproduced the sequence. Whenever she pushed one of the small buttons, the touch received a click in response, and a wave of nervousness passed through her constantly trembling body.
"...3...2...9"
While praying, she entered the final numbers, with a loud metallic sound, the door cracked open. Asuna involuntarily bent her right arm and tightly clenched her fist. When she realized that she was making one of Kirito's favorite gestures, a bubble of laughter floated from her mouth.
"Kirito-kun! I'll do my best!"
Asuna whispered this as she pushed the door open. Beyond that, another branch, much more twisted then those of the cage, formed a small road connecting to the trunk of the huge tree. She left the cage, one step, two steps, the door automatically shut behind her, making a quiet click. Asuna swung her hair, lifted her chest resolutely, and walked toward a different world she was sure to find ahead.
A few minutes later, she glanced back to see the golden cage has been covered by overlapping dark green leaves, and was out of sight.
Asuna stopped in the middle of the long tree branch of the world tree, and sighed. She felt like she had walked several hundred meters. It really is extraordinarily large.
For the impatient Oberon, the log out system terminal should not be that far away from the cage; but it seems she'd thought wrong. If he is using the SAO type window or voice activated controls, it will be quite difficult to access the system.
Nonetheless, I cannot return to that place. I must go as far as I can.
I will certainly survive and return to the real world. To meet him once again.
Asuna engraved this wish on her heart and continued forward.
Looking up, there were many lights shining beyond the dim sky.
Those were not stars. They were countless icicles that hung from the vast ceiling and emitted a faint phosphorescence contained inside them. In other words, this was the bottom of a cave, and its size was the problem.
The distance to the faraway towering cliffs was, in real world distance, probably 30 kilometers. The lowest height till the ceiling was 500 meters. A countless number of carved cliffs and ravines, frozen-white lakes and snowy mountains, and fortress and castle-like structures could be seen at its bottom.
With that, the scale of the cave was unbelievable. This underground space, no, it should be called the «Underworld».
Actually, it was just that. This was another field that filled the undergrounds of the fairy world, ALfheim, a dark world of ice and snow, ruled by dreadful evil-god-class monsters. Its name is—
«Jötunheimr».
"Achoo!"
Lyfa, a swordswoman of the Sylph race, quickly covered her mouth with both hands after letting out an explosive, unladylike sneeze.
She stared out toward the entrance of the shrine, afraid that the evil-god had heard her and would poke its huge face in.
Fortunately, the only thing that floated in was the falling snow. As the snow neared the fire burning on the floor of the shrine, it turned into a puff of steam and disappeared.
Lyfa crouched down by the back wall while scratching the thick fur collar of her mantle.
"Haa..."
Sighing, Lyfa began to warm herself at the nearby fire. She felt more comfortable and soon found herself nodding off to sleep.
The small stone shrine they were in was about four meters in length, width and height. The walls and ceiling were decorated with reliefs of eerie monsters that seemed to move in the firelight; it wasn't the most comfortable interior. As her gaze turned to the side, Lyfa caught sight of her companion reclining against the wall, beginning to doze off, his peaceful —or foolish— face nodding up and down like a ship bobbing in the harbor.
"Hey, wake –"
While whispering, Lyfa pulled his sharply pointed ear. The only reply was a mumble that sounded like "munyamunya". On his lap was another companion, a pixie, sleeping soundly while curled in a ball.
"Hey, if you fall asleep, you'll log out!"
She pulled his ear again. Doing this made his head end up on her thighs, his head rolling around as if looking for a comfortable position.
Lyfa's body stiffened in mortification, her hands clenching futilely as she wondered what method to attempt next to wake him.
It isn't surprising that he is falling asleep though, she realized as she looked to the lower-right of her field of vision. After all, it is past 2:00 AM in the real world. Normally, Lyfa would already have logged out and been soundly asleep in her bed.
That's right, Jötunheimr and ALfheim were worlds that were products of a gaming company. Somewhere in the real world in Japan's metropolitan city of Tokyo was a server machine and this place is a virtual world inside it. Lyfa and her companion existed here as people using the FullDive interface machine called «AmuSphere».
It was actually quite easy to leave the virtual world. One simply had to extend the index and middle fingers of his or her left hand, wave them in order to open the game menu, and press the «Log Out» button. Alternatively, you could simply lie down and fall asleep; the AmuSphere would sense the user's lowered brainwave activity and automatically disconnect. Come the next morning, users would wake comfortably in their own beds.
However, there was a specific reason that Lyfa and her companion could not sleep here.
Finally deciding on an impish course of action, Lyfa made a fist with her left hand and sharply rapped it on her partner's spiky, black-haired head.
Whoosh! Along with a burst of a refreshing sound, the yellow light which characterized a homing bullet attack activated. Lyfa's companion made a strange, startled sound and bolted upright. Immediately taking his pained head in both of his hands, he looked around and saw the smiling Lyfa.
"Good morning, Kirito-kun."
"...Oh, good morning."
Her companion was a Spriggan swordsman. He had slightly dark skin, black hair, and if not for the depressed expression, could be mistaken for the hero in a shounen manga[1].
"...I, I fell asleep?"
"And you even got a free lap pillow; you should be grateful you got off with only one small punch."
"...Then I was impolite, as an apology, you can use my lap as a pillow if you would like, Lyfa..."
"There is no need!"
Lyfa turned away quickly, casting a sidelong glance at Kirito.
"Don't say stupid things— Did you dream of any nice escape ideas?"
"Speaking of dreams, I was just about to eat this delicious looking pudding with a huge helping of ice cream."
Thinking herself a fool for asking, Lyfa's shoulders slumped and she turned back toward the entrance of the shrine. Snow danced on the wind blowing through the darkness, but nothing else moved.
There it was— the reason they couldn't log out. Kirito, Lyfa, and Yui, sleeping on Kirito's lap, were trapped in Jötunheimr, unable to escape to the surface.
Of course, if all they wanted to do was leave the game, it was easily possible. However, this shrine was neither a safe zone nor an inn. Thus, if they were to go back to reality now, their virtual bodies here would be left essentially soulless for a period of time. Virtual bodies left unattended had the tendency to attract monsters, and their helpless bodies would be reduced to nothing, causing their «Death», in no time. They would then be returned to «Sylvain». If that happened then what would be the meaning of traveling all the way here from Sylphid territory?
The purpose of this journey that Lyfa and Kirito have undertaken is to reach the central city of ALfheim: «Aarun».
They had left Sylvain earlier today— yesterday evening to be exact. After passing over a vast forest area and then through a series of mine tunnels, they were ambushed by a group of Salamanders. After repelling the attack, they had met with the Sylph Lord Sakuya, were thanked, and then left, events finally calming down some time around 1:00 AM.
At that point in time, Lyfa and Kirito had already been in FullDive for eight continuous hours, minus the time needed to take bathroom breaks. With Aarun nowhere in sight and truthfully a long way off, they decided to stop at the first village they came across and log off. Just at that moment, the pair saw a village in the middle of the forest and, cheering at their good fortune, landed in it.
At that time, even if it would have been troublesome, they should have checked the map if only to confirm the name of the village and the presence of an inn. Who would have thought...
"...Who would have thought, that village was a mimic monster..."
Kirito, who seemed to be remembering the same thing, sighed. Lyfa also sighed and nodded.
"That's true... Whoever said no monsters appear on the Aarun Plateau?"
"I believe that was you."
"I don't recall saying anything like that."
With this effortless banter, they sighed again in unison.
Upon landing in the mysterious village, they hadn't see any villagers —NPCs— while looking around. Still thinking that there should at least be an innkeeper, they went to enter the largest building in the village when...
All three buildings in the village collapsed. What used to be the inn immediately revealed a fleshy lump. However, they had no time to be surprised at that as the ground beneath their feet split open to reveal a gaping hole made of the same fleshy substance. It was a gigantic earthworm type monster that waited underground with its folds projected above ground to lure in prey.
Kirito, with Yui in his pocket, and Lyfa were pulled into the earthworm's mouth by a strong suction. While sliding down the worm's throat, Lyfa was convinced that death by being dissolved in an earthworm's digestive juices was probably the worst way of dying she had experienced in a year of playing ALO.
Their luck seemed to be good however, as the earthworm didn't appear to have a stomach. Their tour of its digestive tract lasted for a good three minutes before they were unceremoniously ejected from the other end of the earthworm, the mucus coating Lyfa's body giving her goosebumps and a sense of revulsion. As she tried to slow her fall using her wings, she began to panic.
She couldn't fly. No matter how much strength she put into her shoulder blades, she couldn't beat her wings. Straight down into the darkness she fell, with Kirito close behind, and with a bang, they landed in a deep snow drift.
Lyfa was the first to recover and struggle out of the snowbank, and, upon looking up, she saw not the moon and stars but a canopy of stone extending as far as she could see. 'No wonder I couldn't fly, this is a cave,' Lyfa thought as she inspected her surroundings.
As she continued to look around, an abnormal shape appeared near the snow bank where she had first fallen. It was undoubtedly an «evil-god class monster», which she had previously only seen in pictures.
Next to her, Kirito poked his head out of the snow. Before he could say anything, she quickly covered his mouth, understanding their dire situation. They were in the endless underground world, «Jötunheimr», the most difficult field in ALO. In other words, that giant earthworm wasn't a trap to capture prey for food, but to transport players here to this land of ice.
The nearly five story building tall, multi-legged evil-god finally moved away. Lyfa's group then found this shrine to hide in, and pondered what to do. Unfortunately, there was no quick and easy way to leave this place when flight was prohibited. They had been looking at the fire while sitting with their back to the wall for about an hour, which brought things to the present.
"Well... before I can make an escape plan, I need to know about Jötunheimr considering I have zero knowledge about this field..."
Kirito finally drove away his drowsiness, looked out into the darkness with sharp black eyes, and spoke.
"Indeed, before coming here, the Sylph lord said something when I handed over the coins. 'I think to earn this much money, you'd need to hunt evil-gods in Jötunheimr,' or something like that."
"Ah, yes, she said that."
Lyfa nodded her head, recalling the memory.
Before getting swallowed by the worm, Kirito and Lyfa had met with the Sylph and Cait Sith Lords at their conference and fought off a large hostile force of Salamanders who had attacked them in surprise. Afterward, Kirito had given the same lords a large sum of money when he heard that they lacked funds. While accepting these funds, the Sylph lord Sakuya had certainly made some remark resembling that.
"...Having said that, Kirito-kun, where did you get all that money?"
The unexpected question derailed Kirito's train of thought and caused him to stumble over his words.
"That, ahh, some people I knew gave it to me. They used to play this game a lot in the past, but now have quit playing..."
"Well, if you say so..."
It was a common enough story. A player, retiring from the game, gave his money and equipment to friends or acquaintances. Lyfa decided to believe it and returned to their original conversation.
"Then what is the problem? What is it about Sakuya's speech?"
"Well, if the lord said something like that, then there must be players hunting in this field right?"
"There should be some."
"Thus, in addition to the giant earthworm which acts as a one way trip, there should be another way to enter and exit this field."
Finally understanding what Kirito was getting at, she nodded in affirmation.
"There seems to be... but like you this is my first time here so I haven't been there. In Aarun city there are large dungeons to the East, West, South and North, with their deepest floors supposedly having stairs leading to Jötunheimr. The location should be..."
Lyfa called up the menu with her left hand and opened the map. She could see that Jötunheimr appeared to be nearly circular, with everything around them except their current location grayed out since she hadn't been there before. She touched the map with her right index finger, indicating points at the top, bottom, left, and right.
"They should be here, here, here and here. We are now in a shrine between the center and the southwest wall, so the nearest stairs should be to the South or West. But..."
Lyfa slumped her shoulders before making her next remark.
"All of the dungeons stairs will have evil-god class guardians there."
"Those evil-gods, how strong are they?"
Lyfa looked incredulously at Kirito before answering his question.
"No matter how strong you are, this time it won't be enough. Rumor has it that when this area first opened, the Salamanders sent down a large party. They were completely wiped out by the first Evil-god class monster they met. General Eugene, who even you struggled against, didn't last more than ten seconds against it."
"...That certainly is something..."
"To hunt here, you have to have heavily armored players as human shields, high-powered attackers, and at least eight players focusing on support and recovery. We are two lightly armed swordsmen; before we could do anything we would be trampled flat and killed."
"I would like to avoid that."
Kirito nodded, but hearing about that kind of challenge seemed to have gotten him so excited that even his nostrils were twitching. Lyfa, seeing this, made sure to add another warning.
"But before that, there's a 99% chance we won't reach the stairs. Running this long distance will draw evil-gods, and we will be dead before we can target them."
"I see...and we can't fly in this map."
"Yes. To restore the power of flight, we would need either sunlight or moonlight. But as you can see, neither one of those is available here...The only exception is Imp players, who can fly a little bit underground..."
Here, her words cut off and they looked at each others' wings. Sylph Lyfa's dark green wings and Spriggan Kirito's grey wings had both lost their luminescence and withered. The only thing that marked them as fairies were their pointed ears, as they could not fly.
"So, our last hope is to meet one of those large-scale evil-god hunting teams Lyfa mentioned earlier, join with them, and make our way back above ground."
"That sounds about right."
Lyfa turned her gaze outside the small shrine as she nodded.
Through the thin blue darkness, past an expansive forest of snow and ice, stood a fortress-like building. Of course, it was controlled by the most powerful Boss-class evil-god and its minions; going close to that place would mean a very unpleasant death. Naturally, no other players could be found in the area.
"This Jötunheimr replaced the above ground dungeons as the highest level in difficulty. It was just recently added. So, the number of times that a hunting party has come down here is apparently less than ten. The chance of them accidentally coming near this shrine might be lower than us defeating a evil-god class monster alone."
"I guess this will be a real test of our luck."
Kirito gave a weak smile, then used his right index finger to poke the head of the nearly ten centimeter tall girl sleeping in his lap.
"Hey Yui...wake up."
After blinking her eyes with their long eyelashes two or three times, her small body wrapped in a pink dress abruptly shot up. She put her right hand on her cheek, stretched her left arm high above her, and gave a big yawn. This gesture was so lovely that Lyfa could only stare in fascination.
"Fuwaaa...Good morning Papa, Lyfa-san."
The little fairy greeted them in her bell-like voice. Kirito spoke to her very gently.
"Good morning, Yui. Unfortunately, it is still night, and we are still underground. Sorry to bother you, but could you search for other players near us?"
"Yes, understood. Please wait..."
Yui nodded her head and closed her eyes.
The official name for the little fairy, Yui, that Kirito carried around was a «Navigation Pixie». As long as players paid an additional fee, they could summon one from the menu window. Though from what Lyfa has heard, navigation pixies should only give basic information that the system deemed relevant. They should also speak in a synthesized voice and have no emotions. She had never heard of one with a personality or even a name.
'If you constantly summon the same navigation pixie for a long time, does it get this friendly?' thought Lyfa while awaiting Yui's reply.
When she opened her eyes, her ears drooped in disappointment, and she shook her glossy long raven-colored hair.
"I'm sorry, I can see no response indicating other players in the range of my data collection. Before that, if I had just noticed that that village wasn't registered on the map..."
Seeing the little fairy hang her head dejectedly from her perch on Kirito's right knee, Lyfa used her fingertips to gently stroke Yui's head.
"No, it's not your fault, Yui-chan. At that time I asked you to warn us of nearby players as first priority. You don't need to sound so sad."
"...Thank you, Lyfa-san."
Looking at Yui's moist eyes, Lyfa found it hard to believe the little pixie was just a simple piece of program code. She flashed a smile from her heart, touched Yui`s little face, and turned her attention back to Kirito.
"Well, since it has come to this, all we can do is try our best."
"Try... try what?"
Lyfa gave Kirito, who could only blink in confusion, a fearless smile.
"I just want to try it— Whether or not the two of us can reach the stairs leading above ground. Sitting here is just a waste of time."
"But, but, you just said it was absolutely impossible..."
"I said that it was 99% impossible. But I want to take a risk on that 1% possibility. As long as we figure out how the Evil-gods move and stay out of their view, careful forward movement should be possible."
"Lyfa-san, you are awesome!"
Yui clapped her hands, and Lyfa responded with a wink before standing up.
However, Kirito grabbed Lyfa`s sleeve and drew her back.
"Wh-what?"
Lyfa tumbled back to her seat. She started to protest, but the dark eyes staring into her own from nearby quieted her. As he held her gaze, the until-now relaxed Kirito addressed her in a firm tone.
"No, you should log out now. I will protect your avatar until it disappears."
"Eh?! Wh-why?"
"It is now half past two. Didn't you say that you are a student? Today, you have been in FullDive over eight hours for me. I can't let you stay with me any longer."
"..."
The suddenness of Kirito's comments left her grasping for words, but he merely looked at her and calmly continued to speak.
"Even going straight we don't know how long this will take. If we avoid the very large monsters' detection range, it will increase our travel distance. Even if we reached the stairs, it would be around morning. I have a reason that I must go to Aarun, but today is a weekday, so I think you better log off. "
"No, I'm okay. Just one all-nighter..."
Forcing a smile, Lyfa shook her head.
Kirito, letting go of Lyfa's sleeve, lowered his head to make his final speech.
"Thank you for coming this far with me, Lyfa. If it weren't for you, I would probably have taken several days just to gather information. But thanks to you, I only needed half a day to get here. No matter how much I thank you it wouldn't be enough."
"..."
Unable to fight back the pain in her chest born from these surprising comments, Lyfa could only ineffectually clench her fists.
Lyfa was uncertain why these words hurt her so deeply, but her mouth moved instinctively and roughly spat out words.
"...I'm not doing this just for you."
"Eh?"
Kirito raised his face. Lyfa avoided eye contact with him and continued in a hard voice.
"I... I wanted to come, that's how I ended up here. I hope you understand that at least. What is this about forced journey? Do you think I hated coming all this way with you?"
Her welling of emotion was detected by the AmuSphere, and it tried to make a film of tears cover her eyes— She was forced to blink rapidly to clear them. To escape from Yui's panicked looks between her and Kirito, Lyfa turned toward the shrine's entrance and stood up.


"I... think today's adventure was the best I have had in ALO. There were a lot of exciting things. Finally, I too began to think that this world is another reality, I was starting to believe!"
Lyfa wiped her eyes with her right hand, and was about to go outside when suddenly—
A huge, strange sound that was neither thunder nor earthquake came from a short distance away.
"BORURURU!" That roar, was no doubt from the mouth of a huge monster. Subsequently, the ground began to shake, and there was a roaring sound of footsteps.
'Oh no! My shouts earlier must have attracted an evil-god! I'm so stupid, stupid!' While mentally blaming herself, Lyfa quickly decided to bait the monster away by running.
Kirito interrupted her by grabbing her left wrist— Lyfa didn't even know when he had gotten behind her. His firm grip prevented her from running out into the field.
"Let me go! I will pull the enemy, and you can use that gap to get out of here..."
Lyfa urged Kirito in a low voice, but he caught sight of something and he cautioned Lyfa.
"No, wait. This is a bit strange."
"Strange, what is..."
"It's not just one."
After hearing this, Lyfa listened carefully; indeed, there were two evil-god roars. One was a giant engine producing a low bass, but that was also mixed with a wooden flute-like wind sound. Lyfa held her breath, then shook off Kirito's restraining hand.
"If there are two it's even worse! If either targets you it will be too late! After you die, you have to restart from Sylvain again!"
"No, that's not it, Lyfa-san!"
That small shout came from Yui, who sat on Kirito's shoulder.
"The two evil-god class monsters nearby... they are fighting each other!"
"Eh?!"
Lyfa quickly closed her eyes and concentrated on listening. Indeed, the roaring footsteps did not sound like a gallop issued by going in a straight line but rather like it was moving around irregularly.
"B..but, monsters fighting each other, how..."
Lyfa murmured in awe, completely forgot about the sadness in her chest. Kirito seemed to have decided on something and spoke up.
"Let's go and see. This shrine won't be much of a refuge anyway."
"That's true."
Lyfa nodded and placed her hand on the hilt of the katana at her waist then followed Kirito out into the darkness filled with dancing snow.
After running only a few steps, the noise resolved itself into two evil-god class monsters. They slowly approached from the east of the shrine, their movements like the shaking of small mountains. Almost twenty meters tall, both were the blue-grey unique to evil-gods.
Upon taking a closer look, the two evil-gods were different in size. The one issuing the "BORURURU!" sound was the larger of the two, about twice the height of the other, a smaller monster making a chirping "Hyuruhyuru!" sound.
The larger one was vaguely human shaped but had three faces lined up vertically as well as four arms, two on each side— it could be called a giant. Each of the angular faces gave the impression of a pagan god. As each face made its cry, all three together made the continuous, engine-like "BORUBORU" sound. In each of the beast's four hands held a sword that seemed more like a steel girder, the huge, heavy blades being swung as if they were weightless.
In contrast, it was harder to understand what the smaller monster was modeled after. Large ears, a long elephant-like trunk, and a body as flat as a bun supported by twenty legs ending in hooked claws. The overall impression was of an elephant-headed jellyfish.
It extended hook claws to pressure the three-faced giant, but the other's four iron swords swung at the speed of storm and easily blocked the offensive. The claws futilely attempted to reach the giant's faces. On the other hand, the giant's blade easily hurt the body of the jellyfish-like monster, dark body fluids flying off like mist.
"Wha...What's going on..."
Lyfa whispered in surprise, completely forgetting to hide due to her astonishment.
In ALO, battles between monsters could occur but only for three reasons. First, if one monster was domesticated by a Cait Sith player with high taming skill; in other words, a «pet». Second, if a Puca played a melody that either confused or agitated the monster. And third, if one of the monsters was hypnotized by illusion-type magic and forced to fight.
In the battle taking place in front of them, none of these appeared to be the case. If one of the monsters was a pet, its cursor should have been yellow-green, but both of the evil-gods had yellow cursors. No music could be heard over the rumbling of the ground and the screams filling the air, and none of the light effects caused by illusion magic were present.
Not seeming to notice Lyfa's group at all, the two evil-gods continued their intense battle. However, the three-faced giant appeared to have an advantage, while the movement of the elephant jellyfish appeared sluggish. Finally, with a swing of its sword, the giant cut off one of the jellyfish's taloned legs, the limb falling to the ground near Lyfa with a ground-shaking impact.
"Hey, doesn't it seem a bit dangerous to stay here...?"
Kirito whispered beside her, Lyfa nodded but couldn't make herself move. The blood from the wounds sprayed onto the white snow, dyeing it black, and Lyfa couldn't take her eyes off the elephant headed evil-god.
The jellyfish's injuries forced it to cry out shrilly as it tried to run away again. The giant wouldn't let it get away however, swinging the iron swords more powerfully at the body of the jellyfish. Unable to withstand the pressure, the jellyfish cried out as it crouched on the ground, its cries became weaker and weaker. The giant kept mercilessly swinging its swords, engraving cruel wounds on the gray skin of the jellyfish.
"...Help it, Kirito-kun."
Listening to those words coming out of her mouth, Lyfa was surprised at herself. The expression on Kirito's face was three times more surprised than her. Looking at her and the two evil-gods, he questioned her in a bewildered voice.
"Which one?"
Indeed, compared to the three-face giant, the jellyfish had a stranger form. But in this situation, there was no need for hesitation.
"Of course, the one being bullied."
Lyfa immediately answered, but Kirito responded with a very natural question.
"How?"
"Well..."
Lyfa had no immediate response. Mostly due to the fact that she didn't have any idea of what to do. During Lyfa's period of indecisiveness, more wounds appeared on the back of the blue-gray, elephant-headed evil-god.
"...Kirito-kun, do something!!"
Lyfa cried as she clasped both hands to her chest. The Spriggan boy could do nothing but scratch his black hair.
"Even if you say do something..."
Suddenly, Kirito's hand stopped moving and he stared at the evil-gods again. Eyes squinting slightly, the flashing in his shiny black eyes reflected the speed of the thoughts running through his brain.
"...A form like that, if it has any meaning...."
Kirito muttered. Then, looking around the area, he whispered to Yui sitting on his shoulder.
"Yui, is there water nearby? A river or lake is fine!"
Hearing that, the pixie closed her eyes without asking for a reason and started nodding her head almost immediately.
"There is, Papa! About two hundred meters to the north, there is a frozen lake!"
"Good...Lyfa, run there like your life depends on it."
"Uh...Huh?"
It looked like Kirito was talking about the form of the giant with three faces and four arms, but what did water have to do with it?
Lyfa was puzzled, but Kirito did not say anything as he bent over and pulled a long, fat nail out his belt. 'It must be a throwing pick,' thought Lyfa despite never having seen such a thing used before. Because ALO had very powerful long-range attack magic spells, there was no point to training simple long-ranged weapon skills.
Kirito was doing it for real, however. He twirled the twelve centimeter pick over his shoulder, holding it with just his fingertips.
"...There!"
With a shout, Kirito's right arm moved faster than she could see, and the iron needle flew straight with a stream of blue light...
The missile hit right between the shiny, dark-red eyes of the highest face of the three-faced giant.
Lyfa was surprised, as her careful observation of the giant's HP bar showed that its health was reduced very slightly. Such a tiny weapon penetrating an Evil-god class monster's overwhelming armor could not be done without very high throwing skill.
While that damage was nothing to the huge HP bar of the evil-god, that it was doing any damage at all that is important here because—
"BOBOBORURURURU!"
A roar of anger came from the three-faced giant as all six eyes focused on Kirito and Lyfa, signaling the change of target from the jellyfish to players.
"...Run for your life!!"
Kirito shouted as he ran northward, spraying snow in all directions as he took off at top speed.
"Wai..."
As Lyfa's mouth moved, she hurriedly followed the Spriggan who was sprinting far ahead. Then, from right behind her came a roar like thunder and the sound of something heavy trampling the ground. The giant was chasing after the two of them.
"Wait...Nooooooo!"
Lyfa screamed as she dashed at top speed. However, Kirito running ahead of her had a form that even Olympic sprinters would envy as he pulled further and further away from Lyfa. She had experienced his running speed as they escaped «Ruger Corridor», but being left behind was a different matter.
"Sooo meeean!"
While Lyfa was yelling desperately, the huge shaking sound behind her was getting closer. The evil-god was about thirteen times as tall as her, so each of his steps was about the same ratio compared to Lyfa's. Her fear of that steel beam size sword that might be swinging at her even now made Lyfa push her entire body to the limit— that is, her brain's movement signals worked faster in an attempt to catch up to Kirito.
Suddenly, ahead of her, the black-clad youth stopped in a cloud of snow. He turned and caught Lyfa in his extended arms. Despite their dire straights, Lyfa could feel her face heating up as she turned to look behind them.
The three-faced giant was close enough to be frightening. It would catch up in just a few seconds. If they were to be hit with those iron swords, the lightly armored Kirito and Lyfa would lose all their HP in a single hit.
'...What on earth do you want to do!!?'
Lyfa wanted to ask Kirito, who was holding her close to him. At the same time...
Crackcrackcrack...sounded the ground as it exploded outward.
The giant's legs, as large as tree trunks, had broken through the ice lying beneath the snow. Kirito had stopped in the center of a vast frozen lake that was covered by snow.
The ice for 15 meters around the evil-god sank, exposing transparent dark water. The three-faced giant plummeted into his self-made lake causing a ridiculously large column of water to splash into the air.
"Just sink like that..."
Lyfa desperately begged, but that easy solution didn't occur. One and a half of its faces appeared above water, and it slowly came closer. It seemed that below the water its lower two arms were acting as paddles; despite its rock-like body, it certainly could swim well. If Kirito was betting on the evil-god drowning, it seemed that he'd lost.
Wanting to start running again, Lyfa turned around only to notice Kirito standing motionless. He held onto Lyfa hard enough to activate the harassment warning, but Kirito remained staring at the giant.
"...Ah, you, couldn't possibly..."
'He wants to die here.'
That thought flashed through Lyfa's mind.
He couldn't be doing what Lyfa had attempted earlier, sacrificing himself to let Lyfa log out, dying and returning to the save point in the Sylph capital, Sylvain.
Lyfa couldn't allow that. Kirito had a very strong reason to go to Aarun, or more specifically, the «World Tree», as she'd found out during their one day of travel. The Spriggan boy's only reason for playing ALO was for the purpose of meeting someone up there, and he had surpassed many obstacles to get this far.
"No, you must escape..."
Lyfa weakly cried while trying to escape from his arms, but she was cut off by another splashing sound.
Startled, she turned her head and saw a new column of water appear behind the three-faced giant.
"Yururururu!" That roar was definitely from the elephant-headed evil-god that the three-faced giant had tormented earlier. Even though they had pulled the giant away, it had chased after the three-faced giant rather than escape.
Lyfa instantly forgot her situation, her eyes going wide from astonishment as she saw—
Cutting the water, around twenty limbs raised up and coiled around the face and arms of the giant.
"BORUBORU!" The giant angrily roared, trying to swing around its iron swords. However, they moved slowly in water and could not cut the jellyfish's skin.
"...I, I see..."
Lyfa whispered hoarsely.
The elephant-faced jellyfish evil-god was originally an aquatic monster. When on land, most of its limbs were needed to support that huge bowl-shaped body. Now that it is in the lake, with its body floating in the water, all of its limbs are being used to attack. The giant on the other hand, needed to use two of its arms to swim, reducing its offensive power by 50%.
The «form» Kirito was talking about was actually referring to the jellyfish evil-god. Realizing that it was completely natural for a jellyfish to be in water, Lyfa was disillusioned that she wasn't able to notice it herself so she clasped both hands tightly.
The elephant head evil-god was like a fish in water, the jellyfish's power forced the three-faced giant's head under water. The two super-sized monsters' violent fight caused high waves, spraying large quantities of water and ice in all directions.
The elephant jellyfish gave an intense roar, its body shining with a blue white light. The light changed into sparks which flowed along its twenty limbs.
"Ah..."
"Alright!"
Kirito and Lyfa both shouted at the same time. The three-faced giant's HP started decreasing with tremendous speed. Using the identification skill, they could see what amounted to hundreds of thousands of health points disappearing every time the electricity sparked.
It might have been the giant's blood boiling, but there were several flashes of red under water with columns of steam going up; these had no effect in the jellyfish evil-god's HP. Eventually, the frequency of the "BORUBORU" cries slowed to a stop— followed by an explosion of polygons large enough to block Lyfa's vision.
Lyfa averted her eyes for a moment, and when she turned back there was only one cursor displayed.
"Yurururururuuuu..." With a cry of triumph, the elephant jellyfish lifted its numerous legs, then returned them to the water and began swimming smoothly through the lake.
Water streamed down the huge body like a waterfall as it dragged itself onto the bank then walked on the ice toward them. Lyfa held her breath while watching.
With "Don Don" swaying footsteps it approached, stopping right in front of them— Lyfa was once again stunned at its huge size. When fighting the giant, the giant tentacles had seemed like thin limbs, but up close she realized she couldn't surround one with her arms spread wide. High above those tree-trunk-like limbs should be its round body, but only its contour could be seen.
No matter how you looked at it, its head was that of an elephant. Instead of ears hanging down the sides of its face, it had round, limb-like appendages covered with frills that must be gills. Below its round face hung a nose as long as its limbs. The eyes were a little creepy with three round jet-black lenses side by side. Lined up like riceballs they actually gave it a humorous looking expression.
"...So, what should we do now?" Kirito muttered.
Lyfa had indeed said to save the elephant-like monster, but she hadn't thought of what to do afterward. The fearsome evil-god before her eyes had a yellow cursor, indicating that it was hostile, and it could probably kill both of them with one step of its clawed feet.
However, the fact that it hadn't attacked them already could be said to be an irregular development. When it came to the advanced dungeons like Jötunheimr, it was normal for all monsters to attack players the moment they saw them. Since it hadn't done that, the elephant-jellyfish might leave if they just waited...
Lyfa's thinking was betrayed one second later. With a "Yurururu" sound, the evil-god stretched out its long nose to the two of them.
"Ack..."
While Kirito was backing away, Yui, who had remained silent until now, grabbed Kirito's ear and attempted to calm the Spriggan.
"It's okay, Papa. This child is not angry."
'...Child?' thought Lyfa, but she soon found herself without the time to ponder that question further.
The long nose gently wound around the two people and slowly lifted them off of the ground.
"Hieeee!"
Kirito yelled while Lyfa was speechless. The elephant evil-god slowly lifted them several tens of meters in the air and looked as if it would place them in its mouth— luckily that didn't happen; it merely dropped them on its back.
They landed on their behinds and bounced once before coming to rest. Seen from afar, the elephant jellyfish's body was smooth, but their current proximity revealed that it was covered with gray hair. Seeing Kirito and Lyfa sitting in the middle of its back, the elephant jellyfish seem satisfied. It made a pleased sound before moving along like nothing happened.
"..."
Lyfa and Kirito looked at each other once before the Sylph girl gave up trying to analyze the current situation, opting instead to leisurely view the surrounding landscape.
The dark kingdom of Jotunheimr was not completely dark. The ceiling was covered with icicles that released a pale glow. Pale blue light illuminated the snow-covered landscape, and despite this being a ultra-hazardous area, it was very beautiful. An old castle in the center of a black forest, steep cliffs, the tower built to connect this world to the world above ground. Lyfa could see all these clearly from her perch tens of meters above ground.
The elephant jellyfish walked on its twenty limbs and after a minute of traveling on its wobbly back, Kirito whispered a query to his companion.
"So this is...the start of a quest?"
"Well..."
Looking a bit puzzled, Lyfa formulated a quiet reply.
"If this were a quest, when it is started, it should display a Start-log in this area..."
Lyfa waved her left hand around her upper left field of view.
"Since it's not displayed here, it isn't a request type of quest. If that's so, then it's probably an event type...This could be slightly troublesome."
"In what way?"
"If it is a quest, there will always be some sort of reward at the end. But an event is more like the player is participating in a drama— there is not always a happy ending."
"...You mean to say we may end up with one of the tragic endings, right?"
"It's possible. Before, I made a wrong choice in a horror type event and I died when a witch boiled me in her pot."
"What an interesting game."
Kirito gave a laugh and put on a tight smile, beginning to stroke the thick hair beneath him.
"...Well, since this happened we might as well ride the boat out— No, that would be jellyfish. Anyway, even if we jumped down from this height we would take some serious damage, so we might as well ride it to the end...Well, this, that is, it might be a bit late..."
"Wh, what?"
Lyfa gave a perplexed look to the Spriggan boy. Kirito hung his head as he responded.
"...I'm sorry about earlier, Lyfa. I made light of your feelings...Well, I might have looked down on this world and not approached it seriously enough. It's only a game...But be it real or virtual, what you feel and think are all real, I should know that already..."
Kirito, who had his head down, wore a sad expression on his face.
Lyfa looked at him from the side and couldn't help feeling a touch of déjà vu, thinking she had seen that expression before. Lyfa dismissed that feeling and shook her head many times.
"Y, yes...I'm sorry too...You worked really hard to save me and my race. 'ALO is just a game', you would never think like that, I should understand it most..."
«VRMMO-RPGs», including ALFheimOnline, were a whole new genre of game— Somewhere it might be testing their players. Lately, Lyfa strongly felt like that.
Testing, to exaggerate, meant that it was probably a challenge. Because it was a game, you couldn't always win. Sometimes traps from hostile races stopped your forward progress, or they just attacked you from the front and wipe you out.
At that time, how seriously you struggle or if you could hold your chest high even in defeat, this game is testing that. In the previous flat panel display (Computer MMORPGs), other than motion commands, your avatar wouldn't change a bit;, you just typed in chat about your defeat whichever way you wanted. Now, under FullDive, the avatar faithfully reproduced the feelings of the player. It was even possible to shed tears of mortification.
Many people hated to be seen showing their true feelings; when a situation turned against them some tried to laugh it off, with many logging out at the instant of defeat. Even Lyfa didn't want anyone to see her crying face if she could help it.
But the mysterious Spriggan in front of her had no connection with the thought process previously mentioned. Even when trapped by the Salamander's one sided attack in the Ruger Corridor or during the fight with General Eugene where he was pushed back by the demonic sword, he never hesitated to show his anger and regret. He just did what he had to do, overcame any obstacles in his path and ultimately won. It would not be possible to do this for a person who made light of this world as «just a game».
"...Hey, you..."
'Before you came here, what kind of game were you in? What kind of person are you in reality?'
She wanted to ask that, but kept her lips tight. In VRMMOs, asking questions about someone's reality was something that even a very close friend should refrain from doing.
As Kirito tilted his head in her direction, she just shook her head and smiled, silently saying 'It's nothing.'
"...Well, we're decided now. I can stay as long as we need. School attendance is already optional for me."
Finished, Lyfa offered her right hand. 'I see,' Kirito seemed to say with a laugh before he shook her hand. Lyfa was constantly shaking her head to hide her blushing cheeks. She became aware of Yui, who was sitting on Kirito's shoulder laughing happily, and Lyfa became even more embarrassed. When she removed her hand, even the tips of her ears were hot, so she turned her head away.
Not caring about the three's exchange on its back, the evil-god continued moving forward rapidly. Looking into the distance, Lyfa instantly forgot that hot feeling on her face, and her brow furrowed.
"What happened?"
At Kirito's voice, Lyfa extended her right hand, pointing into the distance.
"Remember what I said about going to the closest stairs to the west or south? This child seems to be going the opposite direction...Look there."
In the direction Lyfa was pointing, a giant silhouette began to emerge from the darkness. Forming an arc in the ceiling of Jötunheimr, a huge conic structure hung. Like a net, branches knit and wove together to hold a huge icicle in place.
Judging from the hazy effect of distance, it was at least ten kilometers away, but the huge size completely disrupted a player's sense of distance. Several luminous points were trapped within the icicle, giving the illusion of a gigantic eye blinking majestically.
"...What is that winding thing inside the icicle...?"
"I've only seen it in a photograph... That must be the roots of the World Tree."
"What...?"
Lyfa's eyes narrowed and she sent a sharp look at Kirito's profile, before her commentary continued:
"The roots which went through the ground of Alfheim hang down from the roof of Jötunheimr. So instead of going to the edge of Jötunheimr, this evil-god is taking us right to the center."
"Hmm... The World Tree, but that happens to be our final destination... So if we climb the roots, will we be able to get out of here?"
"I've never heard of it. In the first place, look there— The roots only extend halfway between the ceiling and the ground. That means it is more than 200 meters off of the ground. Since we can't fly in this field, that height absolutely can not be reached."
"I see..."
After a small sigh, Kirito finally laughed helplessly.
"Well, now we just have to leave it to this weevil or bathynomus giganteus. Either we will be welcomed in the Dragon's Palace[2], or we will become their breakfast."
"Hey, wait a minute. What do you mean bathyno whatever? It should be elephant or jellyfish."
When Lyfa pouted and retorted, Kirito just lifted his eyebrows at her unexpected response.
"Oh, you don't know? Its other name is giant isopod...It lives in deep sea, it looks like an Armadillidium vulgare[3] this size..."
Kirito spread his arms out to about hugging length. Lyfa's upper body shook as she rushed to change the topic.
"I understand, let's give it a name! A cute name!"
With a round head and and the lower body of tentacles, elephant-like name, elephant-like name...Lyfa thought really hard on it.
'Yuuzou'... no... 'Zooringen'... not that either...
"Then, Tonkii."
Kirito suddenly said, earning a blank stare from Lyfa. It sure was a cute name, but how on earth did he think of it? —Elephant Tonkii, the name sounded familiar.
The answer came to her in two seconds flat once she started rummaging through her memory. When she was little, she had a picture book, that was the name of an elephant in it. In the book, at the end of the long-ago war, an order had been given to dispose of fierce animals at the zoo. While crying, the zoo keeper put the poison in the animal's feed, but smart elephant Tonkii didn't eat it; it died starving while receiving repeating cheers, that was the plot of the story. Whenever her mom read that part, she couldn't help breaking out in tears.
"...I feel that name won't bring us good luck."
Lyfa whispered, Kirito also nodded his head with a sorry look on his face.
"That may be so, but that was the first thing that came to mind."
"Oh, so you know about that picture book too. Well, ok. Let's use that."
Lyfa clapped her hands, then patted the short hairs near her feet.
"Hey, evil-god-kun, from now on you will be called Tonkii."
Of course, the monster gave no response, but it didn't refuse so they assumed it accepted the name. If you use taming skill on this evil-god and made it a pet, then you can use the system to give it a name. However, she had never even heard of a Cait Sith who had mastered the taming skill that can make an evil-god obey.
Yui, who sat on Kirito`s shoulder, also waved her small hands, and following Lyfa, called out to the hundreds of times larger beast.
"Tonkii-san, nice to meet you! Please take care of us!"
This time, as if it understood or maybe by accident, the evil-god moved the gill flaps on both sides of its head.

The elephant jellyfish, now named Tonkii, continued north along the frozen river.
More than once or twice, they narrowly avoided encounters with other evil-gods loitering in other fields. But, for some reason, the other evil-gods looked from grove of trees or hills at them, then left.
They might have thought that Lyfa and Kirito belonged to Tonkii, but then why would that three-faced evil-god attack Tonkii in the first place? There might have been one or two evil-gods that were the same type as Tonkii, but most of them had forms different from either Tonkii or the giant.
Lyfa turned to her side, wanting to get Kirito's opinion, but the Spriggan had his eyes closed and appeared to be nodding off again. Lyfa readied her fist again and was about to strike, when a thought occurred to her; she took a handfull of snow that had fallen on Tonkii's back.
Before the snowball object could disappear, Lyfa hurriedly shoved it down Kirito's black collar into his back.
"Cold!!"
Hit directly by the cold effect, Kirito shrieked as he jumped up. After saying 'Good Morning' to him, Lyfa asked him about her previous doubt. The Spriggan wore a reproachful look for a while, but before long he spoke while thinking.
"...In other words, even between evil-gods, the ones with human forms and those with bestial forms fight regularly..."
"Possibly... But maybe the humanoid type only attacks the evil-gods of Tonkii's type..."
The Jötunheimr field was only added a month ago as part of a major update, yet most of it is still unexplored due to the high difficulty. If it was some kind of event, it was possible that they were the first players to know of its existence. If it was a normal hunting party that had stumbled upon Tonkii's battle with the giant, they would've just watched the fight, and after Tonkii was killed, they would've probably fought the giant— that would have been the expected outcome.
"Well, only the designer and Tonkii know how this event will end, so let's just let it play out."
After saying so, Kirito flopped back down and used his hands as a pillow and crossed his legs. Yui flew from his shoulder and landed on his chest, lying down in the exact same position as the boy in black. Sighing as she noticed how relaxed the two of them were, Lyfa decided to brace them with a freezing spell if they fell asleep this time. Looking at the clock at the edge of her view, the pale green numbers already went past 3am some time ago.
So far, Lyfa had never stayed in-game later than 2:00 am, and what's ahead is unknown territory. Lyfa gently stroked the short hairs at her feet, having mixed feelings about playing an online game all night for the first time.
The strange evil-god, unaware of what was happening on its back, continued walking at a constant pace...
The advance suddenly stopped at a gentle hill covered in ice and snow.
"Uwaa..."
Moving to the front of Tonkii's head, Lyfa looked forward and unintentionally gasped in surprise.
It was a hole.
The scale wasn't ordinary. A large vertical hole so wide that the far side faded into a misty blue color. Sheer cliffs covered by thick snow and deep ice that was transparent at the top but gradually faded into a light blue color, then through blue to indigo blue and settled into a dark lacquer the further down one looked. But, no matter how one's eyes stared, the bottom was shrouded in a deep darkness, making it appear bottomless.
"...I wonder what would happen if someone fell off that..."
Kirito said in a strained voice. Yui, back on his shoulder, replied in a serious voice:
"The bottom of the structure is not defined in the map data I can access."
"Wow, it truly is a bottomless pit."
Kirito and Lyfa slowly moved back, returning to the top of Tonkii's back. Before that, the evil-god started moving again.
'- No way, does it want to throw us down the hole!?'
Lyfa screamed in her heart, but fortunately, the evil-god didn't seem to be so ungrateful. It folded its twenty legs in and kept its back horizontal as it sat down.
After a few seconds, Tonkii settled down onto the snow with a thud. Yururu, it cried in a low voice, then pulling in its long nose, Tonkii completely stopped moving.
"..."
Kirito and Lyfa glanced at each other, then gingerly climbed off its back.
After a few steps out, they turned around to look back at the jellyfish, but what was lying there was no longer either an elephant or a jellyfish. With its limbs and head tucked under its body, all it looked like was a giant steamed bun enshrined in the snow.
"...This guy, what is he doing..."
Lyfa walked forward a few steps to stand beside Kirito, who uttered that in amazement. She tapped the thick grey fur.
"Hey, Tonkii, what should we do now?!"
No answer. Lyfa swatted the evil-god's side slightly harder with her right hand and felt a slight change. When Tonkii had given them a ride, his skin had been like a urethane cushion, but now, it had become hard.
It can't be, he died when he reached his objective? Thinking that, Lyfa rushed to his side and forced her ear below his fur. A faint, periodic, bass 'boom boom, boom boom' can be heard, relieved, Lyfa removed her head from his side.
He was still alive. Lyfa turned to see his HP gauge had recovered from his battle with the three-faced giant and it's now full.
"This means... he's just sleeping? When we have been working hard all night?"
Lyfa pouted, she went up to Tonkii and was about to pull his fur in revenge, when Kirito raised his voice from behind her.
"Hey Lyfa, look at the top, it's amazing!"
"What....?"
Lyfa raised her head to look at the scene, indeed, it was an amazing sight.
The roots of the World Tree and the inverted cone they wrapped around that they had seen from far earlier were now directly overhead. Though it was still hard to estimate, the diameter of the icicle above was probably about the same as the hole stretching below. Looking very carefully, it was possible to see some sort of structure in the icicle. Transparent halls and corridors were lit by fires, casting bright blue light through the ice.
"Really, amazing... if this is all part of one dungeon, I don't doubt it is the largest in ALO."
Lyfa sighed and unconsciously reached toward it. However, there was of course a space of 200 meters or more to the bottom of the large icicle. It was a distance that even a member of the Imp race, which could fly underground, would not be able to cross.
"How do you get there..."
Lyfa asked Kirito, but before he could answer, the little pixie sitting on the black clad shoulder spoke up with a piercing voice.
"Papa, there are other players approaching from the east! One... no behind that are... twenty-three!"
"...!!"
Lyfa took a deep breath.
Twenty-four people. This is obviously a party formed for hunting evil-gods.
Originally, they are what we wished to encounter. If we told them our situation and they let us join, we could use the dungeon with stairs and escape aboveground.
However, now. In a word, the purpose of players who approach in this situation...
Lyfa bit her lip, staring eastward, and after a few seconds, heard the faint rustling sound of feet moving through snow. It was a sound that would have been inaudible if not for her acute hearing as a member of the Sylph race. She could not see them, so they are probably using stealth magic.
Lyfa quickly held up her hands, preparing to use the magic that would allow her to see them. However, a space no more than ten meters away started to distort like a film of water. A single player appeared.
He was a man with pale white skin that had a bluish cast and long, light blue hair. There was no doubt, he was an Undine. The engravings on his grey leather armor mimicked the appearance of scales, and a small bow hung from his shoulder.
This man is probably responsible for reconnaissance and locating the enemy's position, in other words a scout. Judging from his supple movement and high-grade equipment, you could tell he was a high ranking player.
With a sharp glint in his eyes, the scout stepped forward and said the words Lyfa most feared.
"You guys, that evil-god, are you going to hunt it or not?"
Of course, he was refering to Tonkii, who was curled up in a ball next to Lyfa.
When Lyfa did not answer, the man's countenance grew even sharper, and he continued.
"If you are going to kill it, then do it quickly. Otherwise, get out of the way, or you will get caught up in our ranged attacks."
Before finishing those words, many footsteps sounded from the ridge behind the man. It seems the main force of the party had caught up.
If they were a party formed by mixed races in the neutral zone, there was still hope...
But Lyfa's hopes were quickly betrayed as more than twenty players walked across the snow. They all had the same white skin and blue hair. In other words, they were an elite Undine evil-god hunting team, probably from «Crescent Moon Bay», far to the east.
If it was a mixed force formed by «renegades» who had left their territory, they might have overlooked the combination of a Sylph and a Spriggan. But if they were all honorable members of the Undine race, they wouldn't be quite so nice. They might actually accumulate "honor points" if they kill the mixed group of Lyfa and Kirito. They would probably just consider the two of them fair game. Thus we could be thankful they bothered to warn us.
'- But, for now we just have to be unreasonable. We couldn't let them kill our companion, Tonkii.'
Lyfa thought so from the bottom of her heart, and moved between Tonkii and the blue-haired scout, and said in a low voice:
"...I ask at the risk of bad manners. This evil-god, let us have it."
Hearing that, the man and the battalion of players behind him showed a light, bitter smile.
"In the lower-level hunting grounds maybe, but saying this in Jötunheimr is something else. 'This place is mine' and 'This monster is mine' have no meaning here. If you came here, you should be a veteran and should understand."
What the man was saying was quite right. Insisting on the right to a field or monster, if the situation was reversed Lyfa would be amazed too. Of course, priority was granted when in battle with a monster, but right now Tonkii was just curled up and the Undines want to attack, Lyfa had no right to interfere.
It was painful. As Lyfa was biting her lips, a shadow moved forward. It was Kirito.
Lyfa suddenly sucked in a deep breath. No way, was he going to do something unreasonable again, like when he confronted General Eugene and the Salamanders, that was— would he fight them? Would he draw his sword against so many opponents?
It would be a useless fight. There were twenty-four players in front of them, and they must all be super veterans or they wouldn't be here in Jötunheimr. They were on a completely different level then those Salamanders in the Ruger corridor. Heavily armored warriors and mages with their staffs showed the difference clearly.
However, the actions taken by Kirito were totally unexpected.
The black clad Spriggan, without touching his sword, knelt on the snow and bowed his head.
"I beg of you."
The voice that left his mouth was entirely serious.
"...Although the cursor is yellow, this evil-god is our companion... No, our friend. We came all the way here after it almost died. Till the end, we want it to do what it has to."
With that, Kirito bowed his head more deeply, the blue haired scout closed his eyes for a second.
When he opened them, he let out an enormous gale of laughter. A laugh quickly echoed by the pack of players approaching from behind him.
"Hey... hey, are you really a player? You`re not a NPC, right?"
With a final laugh, the scout spread his hands and shook his head. Then reached over his shoulder and removed his elegantly designed bow. He drew a silver arrow from his quiver and notched it to his bow.
"...Sorry, but we are not just playing around in this field. Just a little while ago, we were wiped out by a huge evil-god. It was very hard to collect all the Remain Lights and restore our party. When I see easy prey in front of me, I want to hunt it. Because I'm a nice guy... I'll give you ten seconds to get out of the way. When that time is over, we won't see you anymore. Mage team, begin casting support magic."
The man waved his hand, and the players in the back row began casting spells. One after another, colorful light effects appeared, granting various stat boosts to the warriors.
"Ten...Nine... Eight..."
The noise level increased severalfold with the sound of the magic as the scout's loud countdown began.
Lyfa`s fists clenched so hard her knuckles creaked and her whole body trembled with anger. Facing Kirito's back, Lyfa exclaimed:
"...Let's back up, Kirito."
"...Ok."
Kirito whispered with his head down, he turned west, moving along the edge of the bottomless pit. Lyfa also walked with him, side by side. The scout continued the countdown behind them.
"Three...Two... One... Begin attacking."
With no fighting spirit, she heard the calm instruction, and after that...
The sound of ferocious attack magics overlapped with metallic sounds that echoed as the warriors launched their assault.
Right behind their backs, a succession of overwhelming explosions shook the ground followed by a blast of hot air that sent Lyfa's green ponytail streaming in front of her.
Kirito and Lyfa turned after they had moved about 30 steps away.
At that moment, the warriors' swords, axes, spears and other weapons hit Tonkii's big body, one after another. Intense light effects and heavy impact sound effects followed the attacks. Despite having the defense of an evil-god, the repeated attacks from players with high-level equipment was taking its toll. Tonkii's HP steadily decreased.
The eight warriors continued to attack for several seconds before moving back some distance. As soon as the warriors moved away, the second volley of attack magic was completed and released along with arrows from several archers.


The magic caused a terrible explosion which completely swallowed Tonkii, even though he was more than four meters in height. With a pillar of flame, the glossy fur was burnt, scorching it. With that, around ten percent of Tonkii's total HP was gone.
Over the sound of the flames, they could hear the flute-like Yururuuu, Yururuuu, roar.
That was definitely Tonkii's cry. It was even thinner and more tragic than when he was being overwhelmed by the three-faced evil-god.
Not wanting to watch any more, Lyfa turned her face to the left.
Doing that, a scene that pricked her heart was seen. Kirito stood with his hands in fists, from his breast pocket, the little pixie, Yui, showed her face and clenched her hands over the rim of the pocket.
Her pretty face was distorted by grief, from her dark eyes tear after tear came dripping down. Watching the tear streaked pixie holding back her screams while her shoulders shook, Lyfa felt something hot ooze from her eyes.
'- If only the Undine forces were just a ruthless PK group!'
Then Lyfa could hate them. So she could swear that she would take revenge for the dying Tonkii.
But now they are just exercising their legitimate rights as players of an MMO. Killing monsters to earn money and experience was the first reason for playing, it originated in the table RPG games from many years ago, and hadn't changed over the years, eventually it evolved into FullDive type games. Neither the manners nor rules of ALfheim permitted Lyfa to speak against the Undines.
However, even if he was a monster, since he became a friend and a travelling companion, what kind of manners won't let you protect him? 'This child is a friend so don't kill him', if we couldn't say that, what was the meaning of the rules?
Lyfa believed that even in this world, there was «freedom of spirit». Lyfa believed it was possible to show feelings here that you would never expose in the real world. However, as players increased their status, donned rarer and more powerful equipment, their rank increased, but at the same time, their wings were bound by chains. At one time, even those Undines were beginning players who didn't know right from left, when they saw non-active monsters in the field, some might have thought that they were cute and not want to kill them.
With attacks that sound continuous, Lyfa stood inconsolably. As the attacks got louder, Tonkii's cries, which were inversely proportional, become more and more feeble. Tonkii's HP had already sunk below 50%. There were two minutes— no, sixty seconds left.
"...Kirito-kun."
"Lyfa."
They spoke almost simultaneously.
Lyfa raised her eyes to met the Spriggan's black pupils and said:
"...I'm going to help."
"I'll go too."
'Your goal is Aarun so run away', Lyfa swallowed back her words and nodded her head. If the two of them interfere, they will be dead in ten seconds or less. There was no meaning behind their actions.
But, like with Kirito, Lyfa's beliefs won't let her sit on the sidelines and do nothing. They had saved Tonkii from the three-faced giant and Tonkii had saved them in return. Even if the evil-god is nothing more than a bunch of code buried in a corner of the server, they had became friends, and even given it a name, there was no way they could just stand there and watch him die, or else there was no point in playing VRMMOs.
"...You know, today I'll help you travel from Sylvain to Aarun again."
Lyfa said quickly, Kirito nodded and put a hand to his sword's hilt.
"Thank you. ...Yui, hide well."
"Yes... Papa, Lyfa-san... good luck!"
Yui hid deep in Kirito's pocket, the pixie's face now free of tears. Kirito and Lyfa drew their swords at the same time. At the sharp metallic sound, an Undine mage at the side turned with a questioning look.
We will go after the low defense mages first. Confirmed by eye contact, they both dashed forward at full speed. Snow scattered high as the air shook with the force of their passage.
Lyfa too moved at the limit of her speed bringing down her katana with both hands as she reached her target.
"Eyaa!!"
Down came the katana with fierce momentum. Like green lightning, the katana bit into the shoulder of the mage on the back left edge.
The light blue robe he wore was a considerably rare piece of equipment, and his HP was only reduced by about 30%. As he went to raise his staff, a black flash hit his body horizontally. A bit later, a loud booming attack sound effect was heard. His HP was reduced another 40% by one of Kirito's godspeed blows with his greatsword.
Not showing any mercy, Lyfa relentlessly continued to attack the player floating silently through the air. With each hit, the mage's HP decreased until with a final blow it became zero.
Then in a column of blue water the Mage's avatar disappeared. All that remained was a Remain Light, and brushing it off, Lyfa turned to the next enemy.
At this point, the other mages who were focused on attacking Tonkii with long range spells finally seem to notice that something was wrong. With a dumbfounded expression, one started yelling.
"...Are you serious?"
"Well, what do you... think!"
Shouting in response, Lyfa kicked snow.
They were indeed the Undine elite troops, their reaction speed was very fast. They stopped the long incantations, and switched to high-speed short range spells. However, Lyfa and Kirito`s speed was slightly higher. In position to use the second mage as a shield, they continued their sword crossing attacks. The Mages still released their spells, but the most that happened was that their clothes were grazed as the mages were using the type of magic that moved in straight lines.
Lyfa frowned as one or two homing-type spells, which were mixed in, scored direct hits. Killing her second mage, Lyfa turned to see Kirito already moving on to his next target. With a swing of his sword, Kirito broke the ground, sending snow flying in all directions.
Suddenly, there came a sound as a silver arrow sank into Kirito`s left shoulder.
Turning around to look at the scout leader, standing a fair distance away, who with a straight face readied a second arrow. Opening his mouth, he loudly ordered:
"Warrior team, fall back! The mage team is under attack!"
The second arrow shot toward Lyfa`s chest, silver trailing it like a meteor. Too fast to dodge, she blocked it with her left arm. Thunk! With the sound of impact, Lyfa's HP was reduced by more than ten percent. While she was staggering, a high pressure stream of water that was more like a laser pierced her right leg. Of course, Lyfa did not feel any pain, but her face contorted with the unpleasant numbness.
As Kirito fought his third opponent, who had already lost more than half of his HP, he was engulfed in an ice tornado. Lyfa got close, ready to use recovery magic, but found the mages gathered in preparation for a large-scale magic attack. Moreover, the warriors who had been attacking Tonkii came rushing over with the look of demons.
'- Is this as far as we go?'
Nearly fifty seconds had already passed since the battle began, and they have fought well considering the number of opponents. With this, Tonkii would no doubt forgive them.
Lyfa shut her eyes and laid her head on Kirito's chest, waiting for the moment that sword, arrow or magic would blow their HP away.
However, before the sound of attacks, the flute sound of a cry tens of thousands of times louder was heard. The intensely cold air shivered, the sound echoing off the distant snow covered mountains, it was definitely Tonkii's cry, but it was totally different from his earlier weak cries.
It couldn't be, had Tonkii finally died? Lyfa thought as she turned her pained face to the top of the hill.
That oval body was engraved with many scars, but one was especially long and deep. As she watched that crack extended until the ends connected.
"Oh..."
Lyfa whispered. She had expected to see the black blood of the evil-god gushing out of the crack on its body.
But—
Gushing out, was pure white, dazzling light.
The white light shot out accompanied by a high-pitched resonance that enveloped warriors, mages, and scouts, not sparing a single Undine. The aura of support magic surrounding their bodies became smoke and dissipated and the effects of attack magic evaporated.
...Dispel Field!
A special ability that only high-level boss monsters possessed. For a low-level evil-god's ability, it was way too strong. Not understanding what was happening, Lyfa, Kirito and the 22 Undines were frozen for an instant.
With all eyes gathered, the light that covered Tonkii's body silently dispersed. No, that's not it. Only its thick, hard husk blew off. The continuing light source stretched out like a spiral minaret.
The tip of the the spiral of light moved, and she understood.
That the source of light, the pure white strips, were eight glowing wings expanded radially, four on each side.
"...Tonkii..."
Seeming like it heard Lyfa, the unchanged elephant-like face lifted away from the wings. Its long nose held high and its fluttering ears spread wide—
Yurururuuu. The loud sound once again emanated from the evil-god who was no longer a jellyfish. With a flap of the eight wings, it soared skyward.
The once round body is now sleek and streamlined. Of the 20 tentacles that once hung down from its stomach, they were no longer clawed feelers, but more like the vines of a plant. Its HP, which had decreased to about 10% was recovered to full.
After reaching around ten meters in height, Tonkii hovered for a moment, when, without warning its color shifted until it was emitting a blue glow.
"Ah... That's bad..."
Kirito whispered that, then he suddenly twisted round to grab Lyfa and dragged her down to the snow.
Just after that, Tonkii released a truly massive thunderbolt from each of its legs, one after another.
Without even having time to scream, the Undines were struck and blown apart with the noise. Some mages and archers were blown to pieces in a single hit, but the warriors seemed to have endured.
"Retreat to the bottom of the hill! Close battle formation for healing and support!"
The scout commander, seeing no chance of recovery, shouted. Of the less than twenty people who survived, all ran down the slope together. The warriors built shield walls while the remaining mages started chanting behind them.
However, Tonkii slowly glided through the air catching up, this time filled with a pure white light.
Kuaa... echoes as rings of light rained down, disabling any magical powers. Also, any incomplete incantations turned into smoke and dissipated.
"Goddamn it!!"
The scout leader, shouted having finally lost his composure. He raised his hand toward the sky. Arrows of smoke burst out, creating a smokescreen, hiding all of the Undines.
"Retreat, retreat!!"
While that order was shouted, the Undine forces fled in a straight line, clearly visible from where Lyfa stood. Their escape was also very quick, and they soon disappeared over the ridge in the distance.
Of course, for the Tonkii who could now fly, catching up to players trying to escape on the ground would be easy. But it just issued a cry of victory, then flapped four wings on one side to change direction.
Then it flew slowly until it hovered just over the heads of Lyfa and Kirito. From the now mostly white elephant head, three pairs eyes shifted to look down at them.
"...So, what should we do now?"
Kirito said something that she had heard before.
Tonkii simply elongated its nose, answered him. Its nose stretched and wrapped around Lyfa and Kirito, lifting them without an explanation. 'That's what I thought!' While thinking that, they were dropped down on its back, landing on their behinds at the same time with a don sound.
They looked at each other and sheathed their swords. Lyfa began stroking its white fur. Maybe it was just her imagination, the fur now seemed to be longer and even more supple than before.
"...After all that, it's good that you are alive, Tonkii."
Lyfa said, then Yui stuck her head out of Kirito`s pocket, clapped her hands said:
"I'm really glad too! Alive means good things will happen!"
"That would be nice..."
Kirito said while looking up and down.
After this, Tonkii would probably go somewhere. Ahead, was the big hole in the center of Jötunheimr— If that was his destination, it would get more confusing. Fortunately, after a shout, he headed above, in the direction of the roots of the World Tree.
Every time it beat its wave-like wings, its hair wrapped close to its body, the great evil-god began to rise through the air. It flew upward in a spiral, until Lyfa was able to the see the entire region of Jötunheimr.
"Wow..."
Lyfa could not help but exclaim. She began to glance over the beautiful and deadly ice world.
In this area, flight was not possible, so to see the view from such a high altitude was something that only Lyfa and Kirito had ever seen. Lyfa subconsciously opened her menu window to bring out an item to take a picture, but she thought again and stopped herself. Perspective views can be preserved through the screenshots, but the mood at this time could not be recorded. The sorrow and joy, melancholy and feeling of freedom were all mixed together to form a feeling of wonder.
Whether Tonkii knew how Lyfa was feeling or not, he slowed down his speed a bit and made a small turn, then once again strengthened the force of the wings.
Suddenly, from above an object entered her vision at close range. Lyfa couldn't immediately make it out.
The transparent ice blue inverted crystal cone. It was wrapped around by black mesh tube-like things, the roots of the World Tree.
According to the close distance effect, the length of the huge icicle is roughly two hundred meters or more. As they speculated on the ground, it was internally divided into several sections, forming an ice dungeon.
Without a sound, Lyfa opened her eyes wide, carefully inspecting it. Suddenly, at the icicle's bottom— inside the sharp point, a flash of golden light caught her attention.
No matter how much she concentrated, she couldn't make it out. Lyfa unconsciously raised her right hand, incanting a short spell.
Water started gushing out of her hands, immediately freezing to form a flat crystal. Kirito quickly turned to face her and asked:
"What is it?"
"A type of distance viewing magic made with an ice crystal. Here, look at the tip of that huge icicle, you can see something shining..."
After hearing this, Kirito took a closer look through the lens. The shaking golden light slowly steadied, finally leaving a clear image.
"Oh WOW!"
Once she saw the true nature of the light, Lyfa gave a squeal like a little girl.
Sealed in the tip of the icicle, stood a fearful yet beautiful transparent golden blade. Judging by the phosphorescence that wrapped around the blade and its minute decoration, it was clear that it was a legendary sword. No, even before that, Lyfa already knew the name of the sword.
"That is the «Holy Sword Excaliber». I've seen a picture of it on the official ALO website... It is the only sword that surpasses General Eugene's «Demonic Sword Gram», the one and only strongest sword... As far as I know, no one has ever been able to discover its location."
"S, Strongest..."
With Lyfa explaining with a voice so full of wonder. Kirito swallowed his saliva and gulped nervously.
The sealed sword was located at the bottom of a spiral staircase, which appeared to be connected to the icicle dungeon. That is to say, only someone who fought through the entire dungeon could obtain the ultimate sword.
The evil-god, Tonkii, carrying the two fairies, circled the icicle and rose in a spiral. Peeling her eyes away from the holy sword, Lyfa looked up and discovered two things.
The first thing Lyfa saw was a platform-shaped balcony protruding from the middle of the icicle. Tonkii's flight path would pass near it. It was very possible to jump off Tonkii onto that balcony.
Second, at the top of the ice-covered Jötunheimr was a hanging root with carved stairs. The stairs kept going up and continue past the ceiling. It was definitely an escape route that would lead to the aboveground area of Alfheim.
There was no connection between the stairs leading aboveground and the balcony leading to the dungeon. If you jumped to the balcony for a chance at the holy sword, then there wouldn't be a way to get to the stairs.
Kirito seemed to have arrived at the same conclusion. His eyes kept darting back and forth between the balcony and the escape stairs. While doing that, they approached the balcony. After twenty... no... if they don't make a decision in ten seconds...
In silence, Tonkii arrived at the balcony, he flew horizontally as if to give them the chance. For VRMMO players like Kirito and Lyfa, their first instinct was to jump down, and their bodies shook.
—But of course, they did not jump off.
They looked at each other, wearing slightly embarrassed smiles, then Lyfa spoke.
"...We must come here again, but with lots of comrades."
"You are right. This dungeon is perhaps the most difficult place in all of Jötunheimr. With just by the two of us, there is no way we can breakthrough."
"Ah, you, have way too much regret!"
While the two laughed, Tonkii went past the balcony without confusion and continued to rise. Looking down past the square entry of the dungeon, there was a shadow of a terrible evil-god. It resembled the three-faced giant that had attacked Tonkii, but it appeared to be a much stronger humanoid type.
Perhaps the strongest monster in the deepest dungeon of Jötunheimr is from the same species. The evil-god seems to be a type that Tonkii's species viewed with hostility, maybe that's why they were responsible for transporting players here. That was also why the giant was trying to kill Tonkii before it evolved.
If they joined an evil-god hunting party and mechanically fought, they would never think of only killing the giant-type monsters, and saving the elephant jellyfish type. If just the two of them didn't fall down here, this event, no, this friendship wouldn't have happened.
While she was speculating, Tonkii approached the canopy. The root with the carved staircase was clearly visible, hanging down from the corner of the icicle.
With a Yururu, Tonkii spread its wings and slowed down. Hovering, it extended its nose, winding it around the tree root near the stairs like a rope, and stopped.
Seeing the wooden stairs shake, Lyfa stood up.
Naturally taking Kirito's hand in her own, they moved to the bottom step.
With a little shake, Tonkii confirmed the loss of its burden and uncoiled his nose from the root. It turned around high above getting ready to dive.
As it turned, Lyfa grabbed the tip of the huge receding nose in one hand.
"...I'll come again, Tonkii. Take care until then. Don`t let the other evil-gods bully you."
When done whispering, Lyfa let go. Kirito grabbed the trunk and Yui even flew out of his breast pocket, grasping a bunch of the fur which hung off its nose with both small hands.
"We will talk a lot again, Tonkii-san."
The pixie smiled as she spoke. The evil-god answered with a Furururu and turned, folding its wings.
It descended at a tremendous speed, shrinking in moments.
Wings shining one last time, the mysterious evil-god faded into the darkness of Jötunheimr. Surely, now it will be able to live free from torment, flying freely through the sky. And, if we ever had the chance to return to this place and call out to him, he would surely give us a ride on his back again.
Lyfa wiped the tears that had begun to trickle out of the corner of her eyes, and meeting Kirito's eyes, started to laugh.
"Let`s go! I am pretty sure that Aarun is above!"
After listening to the vibrant words, Kirito stretched and replied:
"Well, lets finish the last leg of this journey... Lyfa, when we get to the top, let's keep what we know about the holy sword secret."
"Oh you, saying something to ruin this important moment..."
The black clad Spriggan shrugged his shoulders, while still holding hands, started running up the spiral stairs through the root.
The trip that took less than three minutes when falling through the gigantic earthworm, was much more time consuming when journeying on foot. As they walked up a path dimly lit by glowing mushrooms, she soon gave up counting the steps. After more than ten minutes, a thin streak of bright light appeared ahead.
Kirito and Lyfa looked at each other, and with a final spurt rushed to the exit. Taking two steps at a time, they stuck their heads out of a hole in the wall of the tree.


Jumping out of the stairway, they found themselves on a moss-covered stone terrace. They did a full turn from the momentum, then sat down on the stone pavement.
After opening their eyes which were closed the second they emerged, they took in the sight in front of them—
It was the night view of a beautiful, majestic city.
As if the remains of an ancient civilization, stone buildings of various sizes spread out in all directions. Yellow fires, blue magic lights, and pink mineral lights twinkled everywhere as though stardust had been sprinkled over the city. There was no unity of race among the silhouettes of the players moving around under this light, but an equal number of each of the nine fairy races.
After taking in the city at night, Lyfa lifted her face.
Upon the dark blue of the night sky, a shadow in the form of a tree split the night.
"...The World Tree..."
Lyfa whispered, she looked at Kirito beside her and continued:
"...No doubt, this is «Aarun». The center of ALfheim. This world's largest city."
"Yes. ...We are finally here."
Kirito nodded his head, Yui stuck her face out of his pocket, revealing a brilliant smile.
"Wow! This is the first time I am in a city with so many people!"
It was the same for Lyfa. The many people who left their home territory and enjoyed adventures freely, she had never thought of it before.
The two of them just sat on the edge of the terrace, enjoying the ambiance of the bustling city.
Soon, the heavy sound of a pipe organ sounded, breaking Lyfa out of her introspection. That was followed by a female voice floating down from the heavens. 'This is a notice of the regular weekly maintenance, which occurs at 4 am, the server will be closed', a system announcement. Lyfa had never stayed logged on so long before, so this was the first time she had heard it.
Truly, a lot of 'first times' happened since yesterday. While thinking that, Lyfa moved her legs forward, and stood up.
"We should stop here today. Let's find an inn and logout."
Kirito stood up, and nodding once, the Spriggan asked:
"When does the maintenance end?"
"It lasts until noon today."
"I see..."
After looking down lightly, Kirito suddenly stared at the sky.
The branches of the world tree opened, springing in every direction.
Kirito's black eyes narrowed slightly, his mouth seemed to move, seeing that, Lyfa remembered his reason for coming to ALfheim.
He wants to meet «someone» at the top of the World Tree.
I wonder who that is. If it's not a quest NPC, it might be a staff member on the operating side, or...
Before she can think any further, Kirito had resumed his earlier expression and said:
"Let's find an inn. I am poor now, someplace not too luxurious would be nice."
"...Acting cool, you gave all of your money to the two lords? At least keep some living expenses!"
Lyfa laughed at his predicament, then said to Yui in his breast pocket.
"That's what your papa said. Is there a cheap inn nearby?"
Strangely, the Navigation Pixie had crinkled her eyebrows in a frown, looking at the world tree, she soon smiled and answered.
"Yes, down there seems to be a place that is super cheap!"
"S, super cheap..."
Not caring about Lyfa's hesitation, Kirito began to walk briskly, so she followed.
Though she should be feeling sleepy from staying up too late, she felt a bit uneasy and looked at the world tree once again.
Of course, with the foliage lost in the night sky, there was nothing to see.

Chapter 6
Asuna/Yuuki Asuna's imprisonment had a double meaning ever since January, 2025.

The first kind of imprisonment was being confined in a golden cage. Although this human-sized cage was luxurious and beautiful, it could not be destroyed, no matter what method was used.
The reason was because the one-centimeter thick bars were not metal, but virtual 3D objects composed of digital code. The cage had been designated as «indestructible» by the system, so even if the bars were pounded with a sledgehammer, not a single scratch would be found.
The second imprisonment was that of Asuna's consciousness, which was trapped in a dive in the virtual world itself.
The name of this world was «ALfheim Online», referred to as ALO. It was a large scale network RPG administered by «RECTO Progress»— a type of game known as a VRMMO.
ALO itself was operating as a net game without anyone knowing the difference; tens of thousands of regular players pay a connection fee and enjoyed the game. However underneath the game, because of a man's evil intentions, it was engaged in a massive illegal and inhuman project.
The core operating systems of ALO were actually a copy of «Sword Art Online» which shook and shocked Japan for two years from 2022 to 2024.
Development of SAO was controlled by «Argus», which had let ten thousand people, regardless of age or sex, become captives in a virtual world, with a death count of nearly 40%. In the aftermath of that terrible incident, they went bankrupt. «RECTO», a major electronics manufacturer's FullDive Research Division was commissioned to perform maintenance on the SAO server. The man in question had an important position and used a copy of the original SAO data to successfully create ALO. After the death game was cleared, the minds of all remaining players should have been liberated but he, using «Consciousness Abduction», imprisoned the awareness of three hundred players in the ALO server.
The man's purpose was to use these three hundred players' brains as experimental materials, utilizing the FullDive system to study human emotion and memory manipulation.
The man also imprisoned Asuna's consciousness inside the world of ALO. Her avatar was shut in a bird cage hanging on a branch of the «World Tree» in the center of ALfheim, at a height that no player could ever reach. The man's motive was to ensure Asuna's slumber, and to become her husband in the real world and therefore become the successor to the CEO of RECTO, Asuna's father, Yuuki Shouzou. Now, two months after the resolution of the SAO incident, he was close to achieving his goals.
That man's name is Sugou Nobuyuki. His other name is the ruler of Alfheim, «Fairy King Oberon».

Using the hard won passcode, Asuna opened the cage and stepped onto the path leading from the golden birdcage. She glanced at the sun which was setting over the horizon while she slowly crept forward.
Engraved with the ring pattern of a tree, the branches of the «World Tree» formed a long and wide path. Smaller branches that acted as railings gave it an organic feel. In addition to the branches, there were also little birds and small animals which occasionally showed themselves, adding to the illusion that this was «inside of the game».
Fearing that monsters would appear, Asuna cautiously moved forward. After a few minutes of walking, a huge wall, the main trunk of the World Tree, came into view on the other side of a curtain of leaves. A black, gaping hole appeared where branch and trunk met, leading into the interior of the World Tree. Unconsiously dampening her footsteps, Asuna warily approached the hole.
When she arrived in front of the oval hole which mimicked a natural tree knot, she saw an unmistakably artificial rectangular door. The only difference was that this door had no handle but beside it was a touch panel. Praying with all her heart that it wasn't locked, Asuna touched it with her fingertips.
Soundlessly, the door slid open to the right. After checking for signs of life, she hurried in.
The pathway she found inside was off-white and led straight into the depths of the tree. Dim light reflected off of the inorganic walls from orange lights periodically set in the ceiling. Unlike the corridors of trees that showed a stunning beauty outside, here it seemed like nobody had taken the trouble to place objects, leaving it completely undecorated.
It was as if someone had suddenly switched the game world with an office or library. From the white floors, cold air flowed over her bare feet, sending a chill through her entire body. It was as though she was being forced to realize she was infiltrating enemy headquarters. Asuna bit her lips and continued.
Unlike Kayaba Akihiko, Sugou Nobuyuki had a different sort of insanity.
Sugou, who was an employee of RECTO, used his position to orchestrate the imprisonment of 300 players from SAO and started dangerous human experiments with their brains. He was not just crazy but almost greed personified. No matter how much he already had, his bottomless hunger made him move to get more. Asuna who grew up near him understood this point about him better than anyone.
Right now Sugou had control over a portion of Asuna and found it very pleasurable to know he would have it all before long. If he knew that Asuna had escaped from the cage, his rage would have no limits. He would visit every possible humiliation upon her before using her as a subject in his experiments. Just thinking about that made Asuna's knees start to wobble.
But if she turned back now, if she returned to the cage, she would have surrendered to Sugou. If it was Kirito he would never give up, even if he didn't have a sword.
Asuna straightened her back, and looked at the passage. Somehow, she managed to take a step with feet that seemed to be made of lead. Once she took that first step, she didn't stop again.
The passage seemed to be endless. The wall panels at top, bottom, left, or right had no seams or marks. It became increasingly difficult to tell if she was moving at all. Following the occasional orange light from the ceiling, Asuna single-mindedly continued forward. When she finally saw another door in front, she involuntarily sighed in relief.
This door was identical to the door from before. Again, she carefully touched the panel with her fingertips. The door slid open soundlessly.
Behind it was the same passage, this time it continued left and right. Feeling depressed, Asuna walked past the door. The surprising thing was, after a few seconds the door automatically closed, but it had melted into the wall, blending seamlessly. Asuna frantically touched the door here and there, but it didn't re-open.
Asuna's shoulders slumped and she decided to forget about the door. She had no plans to go back anyway. She lifted her head and looked to her right and left.
What had been a straight path now seemed to curve in a gentle arc. Thinking for a second, she started walking to the right. With faint footsteps, she earnestly continued forward. She started doubting herself. Have I been walking in circles all this time? While Asuna was thinking that— something other than a wall finally appeared.
On the inside light-grey wall of the curve, there was something like a poster. After rushing over to it, it turned out to be a guide map. Asuna stared at the map, trying to imprint it in her memory.
At the top of the rectangular map «Complete Laboratory Map: Floor C» was written in a nondescript font. Under that was a simple illustration. There were three circular floors, and she was currently in an outer passage of the top one.
There was only the round passage on this floor. The straight passage that led to the bird cage was not displayed. However, on the lower floors, A and B there were various rooms labeled on the inner area, like «Data Reading Room», «Main Monitor Room», «Sleep Room» and others.
Movement between floors seemed to be performed by an elevator shown at the top of this floor's circular passage. One vertical line connected all three floors and continued a long way to connect to something down below.
Following the elevator line, at the bottom is a large rectangular room. A chill ran down her back when she read the label next to that room: «Experimental Body Storage Facility».
"Experimental Body..."
Those words left a bitter aftertaste in Asuna's mouth.
It seemed certain that this was Sugou's illegal research facility. Indeed, if all of the testing was done in the virtual world, then it would have been easy to hide. If it looked like they would be exposed, with a touch of a fingertip, all evidence would disappear, leaving not a single piece of paper.
If the purpose of the circular facilities and that room were considered, one phrase would give it away, «Experimental Body». This is where Sugou was keeping the players he had abducted from SAO. Their consciousness was kept locked up in the storage facility shown on the guide.
Asuna thought about it for a moment then turned and continued walking down the curved passage. After walking for a few minutes at a brisk pace, a slide door with no decoration appeared on the left hand side of the passage. Next to the door a small inverted triangle stuck out from the wall.
Asuna took a deep breath and pushed the button with her finger. The door slid open immediately, opening into a small rectangular room. Asuna went inside, turned around and saw a control panel, very similar to those in reality.
After a moment of hesitation, Asuna picked and pushed the bottom button of the four lined up. The door closed and surprisingly her body was wrapped in a sense of falling. The box that Asuna rode descended silently down the inside of the virtual tree, stopping with a virtual sense of slowdown after a few seconds. A vertical slit appeared, where moments before was a solid white door, and the door opened with the sides sliding to the left and right.
Asuna stepped out of the door with light footsteps.
What appeared before her eyes was the same bland passage as on the floor above, going in a straight line. After making sure that there were no signs of life, Asuna started walking.
Oberon had given Asuna only a thin, simple, one piece dress that she didn't approve of, but being barefoot in this situation was not a bad thing. If she had been wearing shoes, sound effects would have inevitably occurred. When in SAO, to make sure that monsters did not notice her so she could do a back attack or ambush, she often went barefoot, accepting the drop in defense.
Other than actual combat, with Aincrad's ruins region as a stage, Kirito, Klein, Lisbeth and Asuna played a «Surprise Attack Game» many times. For Asuna who usually had light equipment that didn't make any noise, she was constantly in the top ranks. But whenever she tried to back attack Kirito, it never worked, not even once. So once she tried to sneak up on him without shoes on and just as she was about to hit him on the head with a wooden sword, he took notice and dodged. After he avoided her attack, Kirito had grabbed her leg and started tickling her non-stop. She started laughing so hard that she thought she would die.
Instead of the now uncertain real world, she wished she could have gone back to that time— That idea could not help but start to form in her mind with tears forming in her eyes. Asuna shook her head to brush aside the sad feeling.
Kirito was waiting for her in the real world. The only place she wanted to be was in Kirito's arms. For that reason all she can do was move forward.

The passage wasn't that long. While walking, a plain door came into view.
If it was locked, she would have to return to the previous floor to look for the control system. While thinking that, she arrived in front of the door. Contrary to her thoughts the door silently opened to the left and right. Inside there was a strong light. She instinctively squinted her eyes.
"...?!"
As soon as she looked into the room, Asuna gasped.
It was an incredibly vast space.
You could even say the pure white room was about the same size as a huge event hall. The distance could not be felt due to how large it was and there was a lack of detail. The ceiling shone with a white light, same as the white floor— which had many neatly arranged short pillar-like things.
Making sure that nothing in sight was moving, Asuna stepped into the room and carefully moved forward.
From Asuna's view, those pillar-like objects were arranged in rows of 18 pillars. If that space was square, there would be approximately 300 of them. Fighting back her fear, Asuna moved toward one of them.
Reaching up to Asuna's chest, they were wide enough around that it would probably take both arms to reach around them. The surface of it was smooth, though there were gaps in which something floated. That, however you looked at it— was a human brain.
Although it was the correct size, the color wasn't real. It is made of a semi-transparent blue-violet material. The object was incredibly detailed and instead of a holographic display, it looked like sapphire sculpture.
Looking closely, she noticed that lights periodically appeared and scattered throughout the model, as they disappear there was a pow of colorful firework spread. It looked like a bundle of ultra-compact fireworks.
Frowning, Asuna observed from the side, she noticed that the light moving at a part of the network suddenly became stronger. The ending spark that used to be yellow became red and flashed brighter, then the sequence repeated. At the bottom of the brain-like object was a transparent chart that recorded the peak activity. Watching the log for the next minute, various numbers and symbols were displayed, along with words like pain and terror.
...It's suffering.
Asuna realized intuitively.
The brain was being tormented, by incredible pain, sorrow and fear. The sparks were like screams coming from the brain. In front of Asuna's eyes surfaced the face belonging to the owner of the brain. That face was distorted to the limit, mouth open in scream after soundless scream.
Unable to bear her imagination, Asuna backed up a few steps. In her head she saw the map above, «Experimental Body Storage Facility», and heard Oberon's words «Techniques to Manipulate Emotions» in a flashback. The scene before her finally put the pieces of the puzzle together, and a certain picture appeared.
That meant the hundreds of brains here were not computer-generated virtual objects, but real-time monitoring of former SAO players. When the game was completed, these people should have been freed, instead they were locked up by Sugou to be used in his devil's research into thought, emotion and memory.
"This... this is too horrible..."
Asuna covered her mouth with both hands while whispering deep in her throat.
The research being done, along with human cloning experiments was absolutely taboo, something humans should never touch. It was not just absolutely criminal. It was like trampling on a person's thought and soul, the last dignity of that person was being destroyed.
Asuna turned painfully to the right. Two meters away there was the same container, above it also floated a transparent blue brain. It had the exact same attention to detail, but the lights flickering in «somebody»'s brain were much slower. The color running through it was a yellow shading to red, and it looked almost like a cloudy liquid.
On the other side... and beyond that, were a seemingly infinite number of brains, all dyed in different colors, and all probably crying in despair.
Suppressing her panic, Asuna wiped away tears forming in the corners of her eyes.
It was not allowed. No, I would never forgive him. She and Kirito had bet their lives in battle, and the results were being used by Sugou for his experiments, that point could never be forgiven. His evil deeds would be exposed, there was no punishment good enough for that man.
"Wait for me... I will save you soon..."
After saying that, Asuna gently touched the container holding the tortured brain. Then she lifted her head, and walking between the pillars, headed toward the back of the room.
After walking past ten columns, she suddenly heard a human voice. Asuna quickly flattened herself behind the nearest container. Carefully glancing around, she searched for the source of the voice. The voice seemed to be coming from far to her right. Almost crawling, she advanced in the direction of the sound.
After reaching the back of one of the columns, she saw something strange ahead.
"...!?"
Panicking, she pulled back in a hurry. After blinking a few times, she fearfully looked once again.
The now gone 61st floor of Aincrad, was also known as «Insect Land». As its name suggested, it was a floor full of bug monsters. For the majority of women, including Asuna, that place was the equivalent to hell. One of the worst was a giant slug monster called «Blue Slug». With slimy grey skin and black spots, they had three pairs of large and small eyestalks, and tentacles protruding from their mouth for attack, they were truly a nightmare -.
Now, a few meters away from Asuna, there were two creatures with their backs turned to her who were deep in conversation. Those creatures were infinitely close to the Blue Slugs.
Those huge slug-like monsters seemed to be exchanging ideas while watching a single brain. The slug on the right shook its eyes and spoke in a squeaky voice.
"Oh, this guy is dreaming about Spica-chan again. B13 and B14 fields are off the charts. B16 is high too... he is really excited."
The slug to the left answered while using a tentacle to poke at the holo-window near the brain.
"Isn't it a coincidence? This is still the third experiment, right?"
"Well, this formation is the result of an induced-emotion circuit. I inserted the Spica-chan image into his memory, this display exceeds the threshold frequency."
"Ok, we will continue monitoring the sample..."
Disgusted at the two slugs' annoying high-pitched voices, she withdrew behind the pillar again.
They are Sugou's subordinates, engaged in this inhuman experiment though it is uncertain why they have that appearance. From their words, she could feel they had no moral hesitation.
Asuna clenched her right hand tightly. If she had a sword in her hand right then... she would definitely give them the death appropriate to their appearance.
Quelling the impulse to do what her anger demanded, Asuna slowly backed away and after getting a certain distance from the slugs, continued toward the depths of the room.
Carefully moving ahead at full speed she continued to walk past columns of cylinders and finally arrived at the deepest parts of the room. At the end of the room— in front of the white walls, Asuna found a floating black cube.
This made Asuna think of the time when she was at Aincard's underground maze's control system. If she could access it with administrator privileges, it would be possible to log out of this crazy world.
But from that point on, there was not a single place to hide. Asuna took a deep breath, and jumped out from behind the cylinder with grim determination.
Running toward the console as silently as possible. The ten meters seemed to be incredibly far away.
Every step she took, she tasted the feeling of fear that someone might shout to stop her coming from behind, but she continued moving her legs, and at last, she arrived at the console. At that point she turned around, and looked beyond the cylinders. With their antenne shaking, the slugs still seemed to be in the middle of an argument.
Asuna turned again to the black console. The slant cut top was dark and silent, on the right side there was a thin slit which remained plugged with a silver key card. Praying to herself, Asuna reached out, and grasping the card, slid it down.
A Poon sound effect rang out and Asuna ducked her head. To the left of the card slot, a light blue window and holo-keyboard appeared.
There were many, close packed menus in the window. Asuna crushed her inner anxiety, and carefully read the small English font.
At the bottom left was the button labeled [Transport], Asuna used trembling fingers to push this button. With Bun sound, a new window appeared. On it there was a map that displayed the entire laboratory. It seemed that it was possible to jump directly to anywhere in the laboratory using that system.
But she had no use for that now. Desperately searching, Asuna found a small button shinning on the right hand side labeled [Exit Virtual Lab].
"This is it...!"
With a small cry, Asuna touched it. Above it another window appeared. On the rectangular window there appear the words [Execute log-off sequence?] followed by 'OK' and 'CANCEL' buttons.
God—
With her heart desperately praying, she moved her right hand to push the button—
Suddenly, from behind her came a gray tentacle which grabbed her right hand.
"...!!"
Asuna endured, throttling down a scream, as she tried to force her finger closer to the button, but the tentacle held onto her like steel wire and and didn't even budge. She tried to use her left hand, but just as she started to move it, a new tentacle twined around her arm. Asuna's hands were pulled into the air, the rest of her body following.
Asuna's captors slowly turn her body around. As expected, it was same two slugs from earlier.
Their 4 tennis ball sized eyes set with orange irises, moved to and fro on their stalks. The expressionless eyes turned to inspect Asuna's body and face, then the left slug's circular mouth moved oddly, a rasping voice coming out.
"—Who are you? What are you doing in this place?"
Asuna fought back her fear, and pretending nothing was wrong replied in a casual voice.
"Put me down now! I am a friend of Sugou. I came here to observe and now I'm leaving."
"Oh? I haven't heard anything about that?"
The slug on the right, turned two of its eyes as if it was tilting its head.
"You heard anything?"
"Not at all. 'sides, ain't it bad if outsiders see these?"
"Oh... wait..."
One of its eyestalks lengthened, the round eye getting a closer look at Asuna's face.
"...It's you right. You're the person Sugou-chan locked up at the top of the World Tree..."
"Yes. I heard about that. How selfish, the boss keeping such a cute girl to himself."
"Arg..."
Asuna looked over her shoulder at the console and extended her left leg to try to push the button. However, from the mouth of the slug came another tentacle that entangled her foot. Asuna struggled to reach the console, but her efforts amounted to nothing.
Because of going over the time limit, it returned to the initial screen.
"Hey, hey, don't try to act violent."
The slug extended more tentacles, and wrapped up her entire body. Enfolded mercilessly, the wire-like tentacles cut into the flesh of her stomach and thighs.
"Ouch...! Stop... Let go of me, you monster!"
"Oh, how cruel. Especially when I'm still experimenting with bathyesthesia[4] mapping."
"That's right. Manipulating this body like this needed a lot of training."
Being warped in silk like sharp pain that only exist in the illusional world, Asuna frowned and she desperately said:
"You two are scientists right...!? Participating in this... illegal, inhumane research, do you not feel ashamed!?"
"Ah, I feel this is much more humane than when we experimented with an animal's exposed brain by using electrodes. These guys are really just dreaming."
"Yes, yes. Sometimes we even let them have good feeling dreams. They should be thanking us!"
"...You are crazy..."
Asuna whispered, her body wrapped in a freezing chill. Those people, their true forms were those unfeeling slugs.
Paying no attention to Asuna, the two slugs start consulting each other.
"The boss is on a business trip, right? You go back to the real world and ask for instructions."
"Che, guess I have no choice. Yana, don't enjoy yourself while I'm gone."
"I know, I know. Hurry and go."
The slug removed some of the tentacles from Asuna's body and dexterously operated the console with one tentacle. After pushing the buttons a few times, that huge body of his disappeared without a sound.
"...!!"
After seeing that, Asuna was driven by scorching frustration, she shook her tied up body recklessly. Right there in front of her— was the exit to the real world she had dreamed of. The exit opened a little, and the bright light from the outside lit up the floor.
"Let me go!! Let me go!! Let me go back home!!"
Asuna cried almost crazily, but the tentacles showed no signs of loosening.
"I can't do that, the boss will kill me. More importantly, aren't you bored in this place with nothing? How about we play with some electronic drugs? I was getting tired of those dolls anyway."
As he said those words, the cold, damp tentacles stroked Asuna's face.
"S...Stop!! What do you...!?"
Asuna desperately resisted, but the slug immediately extended new tentacles. Touching the skin of Asuna's leg, the tentacles slowly reached up into her dress.
Asuna endured this unpleasant feeling, and pretended to lose all the strength in her body, and the ability to resist. The slug, taking advantage of that, moved a tentacle toward her mouth. Just as it was about to touch her lips—
Asuna raised her head and bit down -hard- on the tentacle.
"Ayhaa!! Ouchhhh!!"
Asuna ignored the screams of the slug and continued to bite down without mercy.
"S-Stop, ouch, I understand, I understand!!"
After confirming that the tentacles were removed from her clothes, Asuna opened her mouth. The slug hurriedly retracted the injured tentacle.
"Ouch, I forgot to cut off the pain absorption..."
The slug withdrew an eye stalk and complained, then a pillar of light appeared beside him. The other slug appeared with some sound effects.
"...? What are you doing?"
"Nothing. What did the boss say?"
"He was crazy furious, he wants us to immediately put her back in the birdcage above the laboratory, change the door's passcode, and monitor her 24 hours of the day."
"Che, when I had finally found something to play with..."
Extreme depression caused her sight to dim. A golden opportunity had slipped through her fingers.
"At least we could walk her back instead of using the teleport function. I would still like to feel her a little more."
"You like it too."
The slug once again wrapped its tentacles around Asuna's body, using its legless body to move toward the entrance of the room. At that moment, when the two slugs were not looking, Asuna quickly stretched out her right leg, and with her toes, pulled out the key card that was still in the slot of the console.
The screen disappeared, but the slugs didn't seem to notice it. Bending her body like a shrimp, she moved the card from her toes to her hand.
"Come on now, you mustn't act violently."
The slug once again lifted up Asuna's body and aimed for the exit.

With a clank, the latticed door to the birdcage closed. The slug used its tentacles to manipulate the number lock then waved it at Asuna.
"So long. If you have the chance, come and play again."
"I never want to see your face again."
After saying that bluntly, Asuna walked to the other side of the cage. The two slugs kept staring at her, but they finally turned around and crawled over the branches.
After a while, the world was wrapped in the darkness of night. Asuna stared at the blinking lights of the city far below, she whispered to herself:
"I won't lose, Kirito-kun. I will never give up. I'll definitely get out of here."
She turned to look at the silver keycard in her hand. It was useless without a console, but now it was her only hope.
Asuna walked over to the bed, and pretending to lie down, hid the keycard under her pillow.
As she closed her eyes, fatigue fell over her and slowly wrapped her in a veil of sleep.

Chapter 7
Out in the garden, a thin layer of snow still covered the ground, and the cold air wrapped around my body. Even so, the residual drowsiness would not leave my mind.
I shook my head a few times and then headed to the washstand in the corner of the garden. I twisted the antique silver faucet and placed my hands in the cascading water.
I threw some ice-cold water onto my face, and my facial nerves immediately winced with a numbing pain, and I marveled that the water hadn't frozen. Ignoring the pain, I splashed water on my face two or three more times, then took a sip of water directly from the tap.
As I wiped my face with the towel hanging around my neck, the sliding glass door into the porch opened and Suguha came down the stairs wearing her jersey. Usually, she was very energetic in the morning, but today was a rare day, she was only half-awake with her head wobbling.
"Good morning, Sugu."
Hearing the sound of my voice, Suguha unsteadily walked in front of me, blinked, and said:
"Good morning, onii-chan."
"You seem awfully sleepy. When did you go to bed yesterday?"
"Well, about four o'clock."
More than a little surprised, I shook my head.
"This is not good at all, a child shouldn't stay up so late. What were you doing?"
"Well... I was on the net..."
The answer surprised me a little. If it was the old Suguha, I could not imagine her staying up on the net so late. This girl... she has grown up quite well in the past two years that I wasn't here, I thought with a pang of emotion.
"As long as it is in moderation— Not that I'm someone with the right to say that..."
My voice sounded vague as I said the last part, and suddenly I remembered something that happened last night, and so I said:
"Hey Sugu, turn around."
"....?"
Still only half-awake and tilting her head at my request, Suguha turned half way around. I put my right hand under the faucet and thoroughly wet my hand, then I pulled down the neck of her jersey and let at least half a dozen drops of cryogenic temperature water drip down her back.
"Piaaaaaa——!!"
Suguha jumped and let loose a scream that echoed grandly.
Suguha kept pouting during stretching and exercising, but I promised to take her to a nearby family restaurant to eat an expensive raspberry cream parfait, and she easily recovered her good humor.
Today, since we had both overslept, by the time we had finished training and took turns showering, it was already nine o'clock. Our mother was, as usual, still sleeping deeply in her bedroom, so Suguha and I made breakfast together.
As I washed some tomatoes and cut them into six equal parts, she chopped up a head of lettuce, Suguha then looked at me and asked:
"Onii-chan, what are you planning to do today?"
"Well, I have a promise to keep a little after noon, but I think I'll go visit the hospital this morning."
"I see..."
Since I became aware of Asuna's situation, visiting the hospital every other day had become my most important habit.
In the real world, I'm only 16 years old, and there was little I could do for Asuna. No, one could say I couldn't do anything at all. All I could do was hold her hand and continue to pray.
The photos I received from Agil surfaced in my mind.
After finding a clue, I stepped into the imaginary world of ALfheim and after two days, finally arrived near the location in the photo, even if there was no evidence that it was Asuna. I might just be looking in the totally wrong direction.
But in that world I will find something— that I'm positive.
Sugou wished for Asuna to sleep forever, and ALfheim Online is administered by the company under that guy's control. The character data of «Kirito» existing in that world, and the presence of the SAO mental care AI, «Yui»... I did not yet understand what kind of puzzle those pieces would build.
I intended to breakthrough the final challenge of that fairy land and climb the «World Tree» today, as soon as the ALO server maintenance was complete. Every time I thought about it, my back trembled in anticipation. It didn't seem like I would be able to quietly endure waiting for the maintenance to end just sitting in my room, asking myself if I was following the correct path or not.
That's why, before that I would like to see the real Asuna again and feel her warmth. Sugou may have told me to not go back and see her, but he basically can't do anything about me visiting anyway.
With the cut tomatoes, lettuce and watercress mixed in a bowl, I sprinkled it with dressing and stirred. Beside me, Suguha, who had been silent for a while, looked up and opened her mouth to ask:
"Say, onii-chan. Can I go with you to the hospital...?"
"Oh..?"
I was a little bewildered. Thus far Suguha had never bothered to learn about anything regarding SAO. I had told her about who Asuna is before, but other than that I hadn't told her my character name or anything else.
Last night, overwhelmed after learning of Asuna's marriage to Sugou, I had burst into tears in front of Suguha. Although I still felt a little awkward, I nodded with a calm expression.
"Oh.. sure. Asuna would be very happy about that."
After hearing this, Suguha smiled and nodded. I don't know why, but it seemed that her smiling face also contained a hint of sadness as I looked into her eyes. But Suguha turned around, took the bowl and walked to the kitchen table.
After that she did not show any strange looks, and I soon forgot about that awkward smile.
"Onii-chan, what are you going to do about school?"
Suguha inquired while sitting on the opposite side of the table from me, noisily chewing the crisp, raw vegetables.
That was a reasonable question. I was fourteen and in the autumn of my second-year of junior high school when I was trapped inside SAO. Escaping after two years, I was now sixteen years old. I should have been a second-year high school student as of April this year, but I didn't take the entrance exams. Even if I took the exams now, the majority of my memory had been devoted to the enormous amount of SAO-related data. To forget the price of items and the attack patterns of monsters, then memorize History and English would take a long time.
On this point, a man in a suit and tie with glasses from the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications came and spoke to me. My mind had been preoccupied with thoughts of Asuna, and did not pay much attention, but despite that I somehow recalled what he said.
"There seems to be... plans to take a school building that had been abandoned due to unification and reorganization, then transform it into a temporary school, specializing in teaching the middle and high school students that returned from SAO. Everyone is accepted without an entrance examination and will be eligible to take the entrance examinations for university when we graduate."
"Oh, I see. That is good to hear... I guess ..."
Suguha smiled, but then she frowned, and in a low voice said:
"...It feels like that is, too much wholesale support..."
"Oh, your intuition is good."
I grinned at the words of my younger sister.
"I think the government's goal is just that. After all we have spent the past two years in a brutal game of death. The bureaucrats are probably worried about how our mental health has been affected. So they are throwing us all together, that way they can manage us all in one place, giving them some peace of mind."
"How could...."
Suguha's face distorted in irritation, so I hastily added:
"However, despite the management, I have to thank them for the safety net. Even if I want to take the entrance examination for a normal high school, I'd have to cram for a year. Of course, it is not compulsory for us to go to this temporary school, we can select to study for exams ourselves if we want to."
"You could do just that, Onii-chan's marks are good."
"That should be past tense, I haven't studied for two years."
"Then I'll tutor you!"
"Oh, then can I ask you for help with mathematics and information processing?"
"Ugh...."
Grinning at Suguha, who seemed to be at a loss for words, I stuffed a piece of buttered toast into my mouth.
Actually, I was in no state of mind to be thinking about school at the moment. There was still Asuna's situation to consider, at the same time I had no real feeling about being a student.
In the two months since I returned to the real world, I've felt uneasy without the two beloved swords on my back. I understood that this was the real world, there are no monsters which want to attack me and take my life, but I still felt uneasy. The essence of me, the «Swordsman Kirito», going to school and attending classes as «Kirigaya Kazuto», which still feels like something of a illusory existence.
That was, in my heart Sword Art Online hadn't really ended yet. Until Asuna had returned to this world, I couldn't put down my sword. After I returned her to this world— then everything could start.

Paying for the tickets using my cell phone, Suguha and I took the bus today. In the past I had always ridden my bike to the hospital, but I decided to take a little break from stamina training today.
Looking up at the hospital, Suguha's eyes widened and she blinked in surprise.
"Uwaa, it's a big hospital."
"The inside is amazing too, it's equivalent to a hotel."
Waving to the guard, Suguha and I went through the front gate. After walking a few minutes on the path that was surprisingly long by foot, we stepped into the huge, dark brown building. As Suguha seemed to have heaven-sent good health, visiting a hospital at all was rare for her, so she looked around everywhere. I had to pull her by the collar to get to the reception desk so I could ask for some passes. Riding the elevator to the top, we came out into a corridor with very few visitors.
"Here....?"
"Yes."
I nodded my head, inserting the pass card into the slot on the door. Looking at the metal plate next to the door, Suguha muttered:
"Yuuki... Asuna-san... her character name is her real name. You rarely see that kind of person."
"Oh, you know a lot. As far as I know, Asuna is the only person who used her real name..."
While we spoke, I slid the card into the slot. The orange LED light turned blue, and with a discrete sound the door opened.
A strong scented aroma drifted out from the flowers inside. Holding even the sound of my breathing, I stepped into the sleeping princess' peaceful bedroom. Suguha stuck to me as we walked in, and I could feel her tension.
Reaching for the white curtain, I, as usual, uttered a short prayer.
Then gently pulled it open.

* * *

Forgetting to breathe, Suguha looked at the girl asleep on the large bed.
At first, she thought the girl was not a human, but a fairy— the legendary ALF living at the top of the World Tree. The girl had such an otherworldly atmosphere.
Kazuto stood quietly for a time, then finally breathed out a low sigh and said:
"I shall introduce you. She is Asuna... the sub-leader of the «Knights of Blood», Asuna the «Flash», whose sword speed and accuracy were even greater than mine..."
After a little break in his speech, Kazuto lowered his eye to the girl and said:
"Asuna, this is my sister, Suguha."
Suguha walked forward a bit, then nervously said:
"...It is nice to meet you, Asuna-san."
Of course, the sleeping girl did not answer.
Suguha moved her eyes to the dark blue headgear on her head. After seeing it nearly everyday, she had come to hate the «Nerve Gear». Only the three green lights indicated the continued existence of the girl, Asuna's consciousness.
While Onii-chan was trapped in that game for two years, she had felt immense pain, and Kazuto was feeling the same right then. Suguha's heart trembled like a tree leaf on the surface of the water as she thought that.
This beautiful, fairy-like girl's soul, was locked up in an unknown world somewhere. It was too cruel. We should return her as fast as possible to the real world, back to Kazuto's side, and he would finally be able to regain his sincere smile, she thought.
But at the same time, standing next to Kazuto; his face, silently staring at the girl, was something she didn't want to see, so she silently looked down. Just a little bit, she regretted coming to this place.
When she had offered to accompany Kazuto, she thought she would be able to properly confirm her feelings today.
Since the time her mother, Midori, told her the truth, she wanted to put straight those two years of regret and longing-filled days. Was it the affection for Kazuto as an older brother or would it be falling in love with him as a cousin? She had been asking herself what she could expect from Kazuto.
Always wanting to be together— like the good relationship between siblings. Was it really only that? Training and eating together, was there anything else she wanted beyond that, or should she say there was nothing in her heart and stop there?
Since he came back two months ago, that is a question she has asked herself time and again.
She thought the answer would appear if she encountered the «girlfriend» occupying his heart.
Now, standing in silence in the golden room, she noticed her heart was afraid. It was scary to find out the answer.
Not looking at Kazuto's face, she opened her mouth wanting to say : 'I will go out to the hall so I won't disturb you' but Kazuto suddenly started walking and her timing was lost. He went around the bed and sat down in a chair at the other side. Naturally, he came into her field of view.


Kazuto took Asuna's small hand which peeked out from under white sheets in both of his hands, and silently gazed at the face of the sleeping girl. And as soon as Suguha saw his face—
"Ugh..."
A scathing pain pierced deep into her chest.
What kind of eyes were those, she thought. They were the eyes of a traveler that sought his eternally fated partner... No matter how long it took, in this life or the next, no matter how many times he was reincarnated. Eyes filled with such a gentle, calm light, containing within them a crazed feeling of love. Even their color seemed different than usual.
At that moment, Suguha knew what her heart truly wanted, and at the same time, she understood that she would never be able to reach it.

She didn't remember what she talked to Kazuto about on the way home.
When she came back to awareness, she was lying down on her bed, looking at the sky-blue poster on the ceiling.
The cell phone on her headboard made a sound. Instead of a ringtone, it was the alarm she had set before going to sleep last night. The time after the regular server maintenance was complete, 3:00 pm, and the gate to that other world opened once again.
She did not want to shed any tears in the real world. If she cried, conversely it would mean she couldn't give up, she thought.
She would let herself cry a little bit in fairyland. Then, as the cheerful Lyfa, she would quickly regain her laugh.
Suguha shut off her alarm and picked up the Amusphere next to it. She placed it on her head, laid down on her bed, closed her eyes, and let her soul fly.

The Sylph girl awoke in an inn at the outer edge of Alfheim's capital city «Aarun».
Last night— the early hours of today, to be exact, Lyfa had barely succeeded in escaping from the underground world, Jötunheimr. Carved into the roots of the World tree was a very long set of stairs. Climbing up those stairs, they had finally reached the long-awaited streets of Aarun. A few seconds after emerging from those stairs, the big hole behind them had closed and you couldn't even tell that it existed, and it wouldn't be opened again from this side.
After that, they checked into the first inn they found, and, rubbing her eyes, Lyfa fell asleep the second she rolled into bed. Though they could only afford one room.
Lyfa got up and sat on the edge of the bed. The noise of the city, the smell of the air, even the color of her skin had changed, the only thing that didn't change was the pain piercing her heart. As if changing form, the pain gathered at the corner of her eyes and dripped out as tears.
A few dozen seconds later, the shadow of a new person appeared along with cool sound effects. Lyfa slowly raised her head.
The boy wearing only black watched Lyfa with wide eyes, but immediately spoke in a soft voice.
"What's wrong... Lyfa?"
He seemed so much like Kazuto, with a gentle smile like a night breeze. Seeing his face, a trickle of tears fell down Lyfa's face and became grains of light, dancing through the air. Lyfa managed to squeeze out a smile and said:
"You know, Kirito-kun... I... I was rejected in love."
Kirito's dark eyes were looking straight at Lyfa. Fairly mature in appearance, for an instant she was tempted to tell this mysterious boy the entire story, but clenched her teeth and throttled down the impulse.
"S... sorry, saying strange things to a person I just met. It's against the rules right, bringing problems here from the real world..."
Lyfa said quickly, trying to keep the shape of her smile. However, the tears which streamed down her face wouldn't stop at all.
Kirito gently extended his left arm, and placed his thin gloved hand on her head. Twice, three times he moved his caring hand.
"—On the other side, or here, in the hard times, it is good to cry. Just because this is a game, there is no rule forbidding you to express your emotions."
In this illusion world, there is always some clumsiness in moving or speaking. However, Kirito's soft, rhythmic voice and the movements of the hand that patted her head were very smooth. That information slowly wrapped around Lyfa's sensory nerves without anything hindering the flow.
"Kirito-kun..."
Whispering that, Lyfa lay her head on the chest of the youth sitting beside her. As her steady tears fall onto Kirito's clothes, they dissipated in a watery light.
'- I love onii-chan.'
As if to confirm it, deep in her chest came a whisper. However, it continued at once.
'- This feeling must never pass my lips. It must be locked very deep in my chest. So that someday it would be forgotten.'
Even if they were cousins, Kazuto and Suguha were raised as big brother and sister. If she showed her emotions, Kazuto, father, and mother would all be confused and troubled. More importantly, the only one in Kazuto's heart is that beautiful person...
I must forget it all.
Changing herself to Lyfa, laying her head on the chest of that mysterious youth, someday she might be able to do it, she thought.

Staying like that for a very long time, Kirito continued to pat Lyfa's head without saying anything.
Hearing a bell sound coming from far outside the window, Lyfa lifted her head and looked at Kirito's face. This time she could make the same everyday smile. Before she realized it, her tears had stopped.
"...I'm all right now. Thank you, Kirito-kun, you are very kind."
Hearing this, Kirito scratched his head, looking really embarrassed.
"A lot of people said the opposite. —Do you want to log out for today? I was thinking of doing something even by myself."
"No, I have already come this far, so I'll accompany you to the end."
Lyfa jumped off the bed and stood up. Turned a half circle, she faced Kirito and stretched out her right hand.
"—Let's Go!"
With a smile beginning at the edge of his lips, Kirito nodded and grasped Lyfa`s hand. Standing up, he suddenly started scanning the sky, as though he had forgotten something.
"Yui, are you there?"
Before that sentence was finished, light started to converge, and a familiar small pixie's figure appeared in the space between them. Rubbing her eyes with her right hand, she stretched in a big yawn.
"Fuwaa~~ Good morning Papa, Lyfa-san."
The pixie landed on Kirito`s shoulder. While looking at her face, Lyfa returned the greeting and asked a question.
"Good morning, Yui-chan. —You know, I have been wondering since yesterday... do navigation pixies actually need to sleep at night too?"
"No way, I don't do that. When papa is not here, the input signal is cut off. So I take that opportunity to verify and organize the accumulated data. You might say that it's an act similar to human sleep."
"But just now, you yawned..."
"Isn't that what people do during their start-up sequence? As for papa, the average is around eight seconds..."
"You don't need to say such strange things."
Kirito poked Yui on the forehead with his index finger, then bringing up the navigation window, equipped the greatsword on his back.
"Now, let's go!"
"Yeah!"
Lyfa nodded, and hung her own katana at her waist.
The two headed out of the inn with the morning sun fully in the sky. The NPC run shops, like the armor and item shops, were mostly open, while night places like taverns, strange item shops and other questionable industries had a 'CLOSED' sign in front.
In real world time, it was a bit after 3pm on a weekday afternoon. After the regular weekly maintenance, the monsters and items reset and respawn, so there were far more players than expected.
Although this morning she was sleepy so she didn't look around too much, but now, looking at the large number of people out on the street was a fresh surprise.
There was a Gnome with a squat, beefy body wrapped in metal armor, carrying a huge battle axe on his back. A Puca with a little body, only standing as tall as her waist, holding a silver harp. An Imp with dark lilac skin, wearing leather armor, while walking and happily chatting with characters of various races. On a stone bench nearby, a blue-haired young man of the Undine race and a red-headed young woman of the Salamander race were looking at each other intimately, while a Cait Sith passed by with a huge wolf by his side.
Instead of the totally green cityscape of Sylvain, this was extremely bright and colorful scenery, full of vitality which set the heart ablaze. Lyfa somehow forgot the constant pain deep in her heart and had a smile floating on her face.
Even a Spriggan-Sylph couple would fit in here— thinking of that Lyfa hurried to dispel the idea. Turning her attention toward the street again—
"Wow..."
But, suddenly there was an incredible view.
Aarun was the central city of ALfheim, and from its center rose a super huge conical structure. Looking at Aarun like a panorama, it had the shape of many concentric rings, and they were still considerably far from the center.
Standing tall on the surface of Aarun's streets were some structures that were not made with light gray stone. Instead, many huge moss-green cylinders wound upward. The diameter of one of those was equivalent to a two-story building.
The cylindrical objects Aarun was built around are actually tree roots. From Jötunheimr deep below, they run through the thick ground, winding and twisting up, becoming bigger and gathering at the top of Aarun. In other words, it could be said that Aarun mirrored the gigantic icicle below in Jötunheimr.
Lyfa looked farther up. At that moment she felt excitement running down her back.
Starting from the roots, words could not describe how massive the trunk was, it rose straight into the sky. Covered by moss and other plants, a glossy golden green trunk, which as it rose into the sky blended and faded into light blue. Around the trunk, laid a white haze which surrounded it before long. It was not fog, but clouds. They were marking the flight boundary, but the trunk continued higher and higher.
Just below the point where the trunk faded into the sky, you could somehow grasp that branches radiate outward. Thin and broad leaves covered the outer layer to where Lyfa was at as they blocked the sky. From its excessive size, the top of the world tree might have actually extended past the atmosphere of ALfheim to space —if that existed— and beyond.
"That is... the World Tree..."
Kirito whispered in an awestruck voice.
"Yes... Incredible...."
"Isn't there a city in the tree, there..."
"The fairy king Oberon and light fairy ALF lives there, and the first player race to have an audience with the king will become an ALF... That has been said."
"..."
Kirito looked at the giant tree in silence, then with a serious expression asked:
"That tree, can you climb up from the outside?"
"The area around the trunk is a restricted area, so climbing it is not possible. Even flight is impossible, you would hit the flight limit before you reached the top."
"I heard that people who piggybacked were able to exceed that limit..."
"Oh, that story."
Lyfa laughed and continued:
"They got close to the lowest branch. The GMs were in a panic, and it was soon fixed. Now, a little bit above those clouds, there is a wall."
"...I see... Anyway, let's go to the base of the tree."
"Yes. Understood."
With a light nod the two began to walk down the main street.

After a few minutes of weaving back and forth through the mixed groups of players, they came to a grand stone stairway leading up to a large gate. Through the gate lies the central city of Aarun, which lies in the center of the world. Soaring into the sky, the World Tree could only be seen as a wall in all directions.
While faced with that atmosphere, they began to climb the stairs. They were going to pass the gate when—
Yui suddenly pushed her face out of Kirito's breast pocket, and with an unusually serious face looked at the sky.
"Oh, hey... what's wrong?"
Kirito whispered to avoid notice by the people surrounding them. Lyfa also looked at the pixie's face. However, Yui remained silent with her eyes wide open looking at the top of the world tree. After a few seconds, her voice finally leaked through tight lips.
"Mama... Mama is there."
"Wha..."
Kirito's expression instantly stiffened.
"Really!?"
"There is no doubt! This Player ID is Mama's... the coordinates are straight above!"
Kirito, who heard those words, looked into the sky with burning eyes. His face became white and he clenched his teeth so hard you could even hear them grinding—
Suddenly, he expanded his wings. Flexing his dark gray wings, which suddenly glowed incandescent, Bang!! With that explosive wind sound, he disappeared from the ground.
"Wa... Wait, Kirito-kun!!"
Lyfa hurriedly cried, but the boy in black continued to soar at tremendous speed. Unsure what was going on, Lyfa spread her wings and kicked off the ground.
Straight up zoom, the same as straight down dive, are skills Lyfa excelled at, but she could not catch up to Kirito as he flew like a booster rocket, the black figure shrinking to a point as she watched.
Passing between the countless spires rising from Aarun, it took a few seconds to escape the city. From tower terraces, some players looked to see what was happening, Kirito just flew past their noses and kept heading straight up.
The buildings were finally lost to sight, replaced by the golden-green precipice of the World Tree's trunk. Flying parallel to the trunk, Kirito was like a black bullet zooming through the sky. As Kirito steadily approached the clouds, Lyfa followed and desperately cried out while enduring the wind pressure.
"Be careful, Kirito-kun!! The barrier is right in front of you!!"
But Lyfa's voice did not reach his ears. He was like an arrow connecting the heavens and earth, moving with enough speed to punch a hole in the virtual world.
What made him go so far? Who is this person at the top of the World Tree that is so important to him?
Yui called that person «Mama». A woman—? A person that can make Kirito search like this—?
As she thought that, a familiar ache started in Lyfa's heart. It felt like the pain Kazuto had caused her, but it was a false pain.
Concentration disrupted by confusion, her zoom speed dropped. Shaking off the idle thoughts, Lyfa focused her concentration on her wings.
A few seconds after Kirito, Lyfa also broke into the sea of clouds. Her vision was stained with an intense white. She had heard of it before, just beyond the clouds was a restricted area where entry is forbidden. Lyfa slowed down a bit as she passed through the clouds.
Without any warning, a dark blue world spread out before her. Different from the view from the ground, the totally clear azure blue sky spread endlessly in all directions. Overhead, the World Tree and its branches gave the impression of a pillar supporting the heavens. Kirito was accelerating further as he aimed for one of the branches—
Suddenly, iridescent rainbow light surrounded his body.
After a few seconds, the air shook with an impact similar to the sound of a lightning bolt. Kirito had crashed into the invisible barrier, and like a black swan hit by a sniper rifle he bounced away and feebly drifted through the air.
"Kirito-kun!!"
Lyfa screamed, hurrying to get over to him. If you fell from this height, your HP would disappear, and the effects could even be dragged into the real world after logout.
But before she could catch Kirito, he seemed to regain consciousness. He shook his head two or three times, once again rising. Immediately, he was blocked by the barrier, scattering light in his attempt.
Finally, Lyfa flew to the same height as Kirito and grabbed his arm, crying desperately:
"Stop, Kirito-kun!! It's impossible to go beyond there!!"
But, Kirito's eyes shining with bewitched light, kept trying to go forward.
"I've got to go.... I've got to go no matter what!!"
He focused only on the point where the branch of the World Tree split the sky. Despite being much clearer than it was from the ground, the branch still seemed to be a good distance away, judging by its low detail.
At that time, Yui flew out of his breast pocket. Emitting brilliant particles of light, she flew toward the branch.
That's right, a system navigation pixie might... Lyfa suddenly thought, but the invisible barrier didn't allow Yui's small body to pass. Like waves on the surface of water, seven-colored lights pushed Yui back.
But, Yui looking unlike a program, desperately shoved her hands into the barrier, then opened her mouth.
"The warning mode voice might be able to get through...! Mama! It's me!! Mama!!"

* * *

"...!!"
Suddenly, hearing a faint cry, Asuna lifted her face which she was resting on the table.
Hurriedly looking around the room, there was no one else in the golden cage. Not even the small azure bird that sometimes came to play. Only shadows cast by the sun on the cage lattice.
Dismissing it as imagination, as she put her hands back on the table.
"...Mama...!!"
This time she definitely heard it. Asuna kicked the chair away and stood up.
It was a little girl's voice. That thin voice like a silver bell resonated strongly with a far-off memory.
"Yu... Yui-chan, is it you...!?"
Asuna said in a faint voice, rushing to the walls of her cage. Gripping the metal bars with both hands, she looked around frantically.
"Mama... I'm here...!!"
The voice seemed to sound directly in Asuna's mind, giving no indication of direction. But she still felt it. It was from below, no matter how much she looked, the white sea of clouds surrounding the huge tree blocked her vision, the sound was no doubt coming from below.
"I'm... I'm here...!!"
Asuna cried as loud as she could.
"I`m here...!! Yui-chan...!!"
If Yui, the «daughter» she had met in the other world was here, then surely «he» was also here.
"...Kirito-kun—!!"
She didn't know if her voice could reach him. Asuna looked around the bird cage. There must be something she could use to make him aware of her existence other than her voice -.
An object, but everything in this room was locked in place by its positional information, none of them could be moved out of the cage, she'd found out. Long ago, she had tried to use a teacup and a cushion to send a message to players below, but it didn't work. Asuna anxiously held the golden cage grid.
No—
There was. Only one thing. An object that did not previously exist in this location. An irregular object.
Asuna ran to the bed, and pulled it from underneath the pillow. It was a small silver key card. She returned to the lattice. She held out her right hand with the card fearfully. If it was like before, she would be thwarted by a barrier.
"...!!"
Her right hand reached outside of the cage with no resistance. The clear silver card shining brightly with reflected sunlight.
'... Kirito-kun... please notice this!!'
While praying, Asuna did not hesitate to open her hand. The card quietly danced through the air, falling straight down toward the sea of clouds below and flashing in the light.

* * *

Torn with impatience, I felt as though my body would be torn into a thousand pieces, and struck the barrier with my right hand. My fist was flipped by a repulsive force that resembled strong magnets with the same poles touching, and iridescent ripples spread through the air.
"What is it... this thing...!"
I managed to stammer through clenched teeth.
Finally— I came so far. The prison that held Asuna's soul was just right there. Nevertheless, the program code within the «game system» was blocking my path.
A tremendous self-destructive impulse flowed through my whole body, scattering white-hot sparks.
Logging into ALfheim Online for two days, I had come here in accordance with the rules of the game, pushing back my impatience, but the irritation that continually accumulated in the depths of my heart exploded out all at once. Baring my dog-like fangs, I grasped the hilt of my sword in my right hand.
—At the moment.
Beyond the white flame in my vision, a small white light shone.
"...That is...?"
I forgot my rage in an instant and stared at that light. Something that shone brightly was slowly falling toward me. Like snow in the midsummer sky, like dandelion fluff on long journey, it fell toward me.
While hovering, I released the hilt of my sword, and held out my hands toward the light. After a few very long seconds, the white light slowly settled into my hands. With the feeling of nostalgic warmth, I slowly opened my hands in front of my chest.
Yui looked from my left and Lyfa from my right. I silently stared at what was in my hands.
"...A card...?"
Lyfa muttered. It certainly was a small rectangular card-type object. It had a transparent silver surface with no text or decoration. Turning to look at Lyfa, I said:
"Lyfa, do you know what this is...?"
"No... I've never seen an item like this. Why not try clicking on it?"
Following Lyfa's suggestion, I did a single-click on the surface of the card with my finger-tip. A simple click on the game item should have caused a pop-up window to appear, but nothing was displayed.
Yui leaned forward and touched the edge of the card, before exclaiming:
"This... this is the access code for system management!!"
"!?..."
I held my breath, staring at the card in my hand.
"...So, if I have this, I can exercise GM authority?"
"No... You can access the system, but you must do it from the corresponding console... Even I can't call out the system menu..."
"I see... but such a thing wouldn't fall down without reason. This is probably...."
"Yes. I think mama noticed us and dropped it to us."
"..."
I clasped the card gently. Not long ago, Asuna was holding it. I thought I could vaguely understand her intentions.
Asuna was also fighting. To escape this world, she was resisting strongly. I too have something I must do.
I stared at Lyfa and said:
"Lyfa, tell me. Where is the gate that leads into the World Tree?"
"Eh... It is in the dome at the foot of the tree..."
Lyfa said with a worried frown.
"But, it is impossible. It is protected by an army of guardians, thus far no matter how big the group, they couldn't get past it."
"Even so, I have to go."
I put the card in my breast pocket and took Lyfa's hand.
Thinking about it, this Sylph girl had helped me a lot. When I didn't know left from right in this world, with a rush of feeling, I came all the way here. It was thanks to her knowledge and her cheerful smile that encouraged me all the way. Someday, I'll properly explain the situation and thank her in the real world... While thinking that I opened my mouth.
"Thank you very much thus far, Lyfa. From here, I'll go by myself."
"...Kirito-kun..."
With Lyfa's face that seemed about to cry, I grasped her hands tightly before letting go. Yui went to sit on my shoulder as I retreated a bit further.
Finally, looking at the girl one last time, her ponytail swaying with her flight, I bowed deeply. Then turned my back on her.
Closing my wings, I rode the momentum gained with the acceleration of a fall as I sped right toward the base of the World Tree.
After diving dizzily for tens of seconds, the bottom of the World Tree and the intricate city surrounding it, Aarun, appeared. Between the roots and the city laid a shockingly large veranda, and I started breaking in preparation for landing.
I opened my wings fully for breaking while aiming for the landing point. I stuck my legs out below me, and tried to stop as my feet hit the pavement. Even with the breaking, a loud boom echoed from the sonic boom accompanying me. Several players on the terrace for viewing the surroundings turned their faces toward me with a surprised look on their faces.
Waiting until they turned away, I spoke to Yui, still sitting on my shoulder, in an undertone.
"Yui, do you know the way to the Dome?"
"Yes, it is straight up those steps. But— Is it ok, papa? According to the available information, breaking through the gate is very difficult."
"We'll just have to try forcing it. Even if I fail, it doesn't mean I will die."
"That is, true, but..."
I reached out and gently stroked Yui's head.
"Anyway, it feels as though I might go mad if I waste even one more second. Even Yui wants to see mama as soon as possible right?"
"...Yes."
Yui nodded, and nuzzled my cheek as I started walking up the steps.
Nearing the top of the steps, we already seemed to be at the top of Aarun city. The huge cone shaped roots gathered in front of us at that one place on the trunk. The diameter was too big, all that could be seen from there was a simple curved wall.
Near that wall, two fairy knight statues rose standing nearly ten times the height of a player. Between the statues was a splendidly decorated stone gate. That was the starting point of the grand quest, and no other players could be seen anywhere. Perhaps, the story about it being «impossible to breakthrough» had already became common knowledge.
But I had to go through the door, breaking through the guardians and reaching the gate.
'- Wait for me, Asuna. I'm coming right now...'
It was a promise I engraved on my heart.

Continuing a few dozen meters further, I stood in front of the gate when the right statue moved and a low tone resounded. It looked around unexpectedly for a bit, then with a pale light shining from its eyes, it looked down at me and opened its mouth. A ponderous voice resounded, it was like a rolling boulder.
"You who don't know the heights of heaven, wish to reach the king's castle?" At the same time, in front of me, a window appeared, asking me if I want to accept the final challenge. To ascertain my will two buttons appeared: [YES] and [NO]. With no hesitation, I pressed the [YES] button.
This time, the huge stone statue on the left issued a loud voice.
"You shall receive unlimited use of your wings from here onward."
Before the thunderous reverb disappeared, the door split apart from the center. As the earth trembled, the doors opened inward to the left and right.
That roar, inevitably reminded me of fighting the floor boss monsters in Aincrad. Forgetting to breathe at the resurrected tension, a cold shiver ran down my spine.
Here, dying doesn't mean real death, I said to myself, then had to shake off the thought. This is a struggle for Asuna`s freedom, in some ways, it is more important than any battle I had ever been in.
"We're going, Yui. Make sure to hide well."
"Papa... Do your best."
I patted Yui on the head as she pulled back into my breast pocket, then I drew my sword.
When the thick stone door was fully open, the roaring sound stopped. It was completely dark inside. Just as I stepped in, I considered using night vision magic. Before I even lifted my right hand, a sudden burst of blinding light poured down from above. I subconsciously narrowed my eyes.
Inside was a huge dome space. It reminded me of the Boss room on the 75th floor of Aincrad where I had fought with Heathcliff, only the diameter was several times bigger.
It seemed like the inside of a tree, large roots wove together to form the floor. Ivy rose from the floor to cover the walls, going up and connecting to the top.
The canopy was a clear hemispherical dome, the ivy entwining to form stained glass-like patterns, through which white light poured.
Near the top of the canopy, I saw a door. It was an exquisitely decorated ring-shaped gate with a cross-shape splitting the door into four pieces. The road to the top of the tree must be on the other side.
Holding my greatsword in both hands, I took a deep breath. Putting power into my legs, I spread my wings.
"—Go!!"
I fiercely cried to myself, and kicked hard off of the ground.
Before I had flown for even one second, an anomaly appeared in the light filtering through the canopy. One portion of the window turned white as it boiled and bubbled, it looked like something was about to happen. In an instant, that part of the dome dripped, and as it fell, it took on a humanoid form, spreading four shining wings as it roared.
The knight's massive body was entirely clad in silver armor, and was wearing a mirror mask, so its face could not be seen. The right hand held a sword even larger than mine. No doubt, this was the guardian that Lyfa was talking about.
The guardian knight turned its mirror face toward the rapidly rising me and dove with what would have been a shout save for the lack of human speech.
"Get out of the waaaaay!!"
I shouted and swung my greatsword. The distance between us neared zero, the feeling of a cold spark played over my brain, it's the accelerated feeling I always got when I was fighting at my limits in that world. Facing the guardian knight, with my figure reflecting off its mask, I brought my sword down without hesitation.
The guardian knight's sword intersected with mine in mid-air, and the space was torn asunder by light effects similar to lightning. The knight brought its hugely rebounded sword over its head for another strike, I just let my sword move as it wanted and rushed at the knight's chest. I caught the neck of the knight that was double my size with my left hand, staying close to it.
When fighting monsters controlled by the CPU, I would find out its attack range and try to stay in a position outside of it, but in the case of such a huge enemy, blind spots often appear at the least suitable moments. Of course, it is very dangerous to stop there for long, but there was time while it tried to recover from a stance that had collapsed.
Bringing back my right hand with the sword, I stabbed into the knight's unprotected neck.
"Raaa!!"


I beat my wings hard, and used my full weight to push the sword in. Gatsu!! With the sound of a hard object breaking, my sword went through its neck.
"Gogaaaaaa!!"
Unlike its awe-inspiring divine appearance, it let out a bestial roar and then stiffened. Shortly after, the huge body was wrapped in a white End Frame, which quickly dispersed.
'- I can do it!!'
My heart cried out with joy. The guardian knight's stats fell short of the floor bosses of SAO. For one-on-one, I have the advantage.
I shook off the white flame that still clung to me and looked at gate. I saw a scene that made the smile on my face freeze.
All of the stained glass windows in the still far off, huge canopy were in a chaotic state, the silver clad knights appearing from all of them. There were dozens— no, hundreds.
"—Uoooooo!!"
I whipped myself, who had been daunted for an instant, and shouted. No matter how many come, I just have to kill them all. I beat my wings and dashed fiercely.
Several of the newly born knights descended from the canopy to block my path. I aimed at the front one and moved my sword.
This time I avoided the loss of balance caused by crossing swords, and concentrated on the tip of the enemy's sword, I twisted my body, evading it. Not completely avoiding it, the enemy's sword scratched my shoulder, causing slight damage, but I ignored it, focusing all of my senses on attacking my enemy.
My big sword moved along a straight line, impacting the mask, killing my second opponent. White flame spewed from the knight, before it disappeared another knight moved in to take its place.
The next knight had already begun its attack, I ground my teeth. Deciding that I wouldn't have enough time completely evade it, I lifted my left hand and blocked it with my armor.
With a strike that impacted on bone, out of the left corner of my eyes, I saw my HP bar decrease by about 10%. But the enemy's sword swing was diverted by my arm, so the knight's stance collapsed. Aiming for its neck, the sword in my right hand came down.
But this time my speed was reduced and I could not kill it in one hit. Furthermore, another knight was rushing over from the right. I twisted my body to the right and kicked my left foot at the damaged knight's mask.
Having the swordsman Kirito's status data carried over to this world was lucky, including the unarmed combat skill level that I thought was useless here. My kick removed the rest of this knight's HP. The big body leaning back was wrapped in flames and let loose a scream distorted by the effect.
I blocked the third knight's sword at the last moment with my sword.
"Seaaaa!!"
Together with the cries, I clenched my left fist and thrust at its mirror mask. Crack!! With that sound, cracks radiated out from the point of impact and it let out an anguished cry.
"Fall!! Fallll!!"
I shouted. This feeling was unlike the time in Jötunheimr fighting the Undine soldiers, a searing impulse for destruction drove me. The sword in my right hand sawed at the knight's neck, I punched the knight with my left hand over and over.
That's right— I once lived in this world. Wandering alone in one of the deepest dungeons, fighting at the line of death to forge my soul, I used monsters' corpses to build my tombstone as I continued to swing my sword.
My fist finally went through the knight's mask, and luminous lights scattered. I was still lost in that inner voice of destruction, and I thrust my left fist into the depths of the light. As my hand went through its head, the knight's whole body melted and broke apart, and the white flame surrounded my body.
At that time, my heart was as hard and dry as a stone. Game clear or player liberation, none of it mattered anymore. I rejected others and thrust myself into the next battle.
Four or five more guardian knights raised their shining swords, and they fell with a sound like the voice of an onimous bird. A grim smile emerged from the side of my face, and I burst into the knights, my wings splitting the air. Every nerve in my body shook with a feeling of fierce acceleration, the electric pulses connecting my body here with my brain became white sparks crossing my vision.
"Uoooaaaaa!!"
With a courageous shout, I slashed horizontally with the sword I now held with both hands. I repelled the enemies' swords. Rotating like a windmill, I accelerated to the limit aiming my sword at the guardian knights' neck.
Chop, Chopp!! With a continuous dull sound, two necks that held the mirror masks danced through the air. The flame that appeared with their last moments formed a white rose that washed over my nerves, sending more heat over my body.
Only in the jaws of death could I see my own life. Throwing oneself into the last-minute battle, burning one's spirit til the end, and then falling, I thought that was the only way I could repay those who had fallen before my eyes.
I turned around, and without losing any of the force of my spin, the toes of my right foot struck out, now more like a drill. My foot struck the chest of the guardian knight, and I felt within the hardness a soft moistness that came with unpleasant sounds as my foot penetrated the knight's body. As my body stopped at the center of the End Frame, two swords approached me from the left and right, like a pair of scissors. I blocked the sword on my right with my sword and the one on my left with my arm, and taking no notice of my HP bar, I countered.
I quickly grabbed the wrist of the knight on my right side,
"Guuuuooooo!!"
With a roar, I swung the right knight over my head and threw it into the one on the left. I followed through and stabbed them both when they were locked together, giving them a fatal blow.
I thought I could keep fighting and massacring enemies no matter how many appeared. In those days, I was burning myself in the flame of the homicide, I polished my heart until it was as stone -.
No— that wasn't it...
—Onto that heart which was increasingly dry, there were people who desperately poured water. Klein, Agil, Silica, Lisbeth, and Asuna.
I... I will help Asuna, to make that world truly end, I came here—
I lifted my head and turned toward the canopy, I found the stone gate was surprisingly close.
As I struggled to fly to it, something pierced my right leg.
It was a cold, shining light arrow. As if they had been waiting for me to stop moving, arrows poured down like rain. I was hit with two, three consecutive arrows, my HP greatly reduced.
Looking around, I didn't know since when, but the guardian knights were surrounding me from a far distance, all pointed at me with their left hands, chanting spells in harshly distorted sound. The second wave of light arrows flew at me with a high-pitched sound.
"Uooooo!"
I swung my greatsword around me, blocking many of the arrows, but several still hit me, dropping my HP into the yellow area. I lifted my face, staring at the gate.
It was difficult to overthrow long-ranged enemies by myself. I moved forward, trying to break through the gate. The arrows of light were penetrating my entire body, but my goal was right there. Enduring the attacks, I stretched my left hand to touch the stone door -.
—But.
Only a few seconds to go, my back suffered a tremendous impact. When I turned around, a guardian knight had approached me, with a distorted version of my smile looking at me, it had thrust its sword into my back. My posture collapsed and my acceleration stopped.
Then, Like a flock of white birds swooping on prey, dozens of guardian knights rushed from all directions. With a Dotsu dotsu sound, my body was pierced by sword after sword. I didn't even have time to check my HP.
My vision was suddenly filled with a phosphorescent black flame. It took a while to notice that it was my own End Frame. Beyond the black flames, small purple letters emerged. [You are dead].
The next moment, there was a dry sound and my body dissolved.
Like one switch after another being turned off, the sense of my body disappeared.
When I was killed on the 75th floor of Aincrad in the final fight with Heathcliff, I clearly remembered when I fell. As that memory flashed through my mind, I was enveloped by a violent terror.
But of course, there was no interruption of my consciousness. Is this half conscious? I had experienced «death in the game», but not since the beta testing of SAO.
It was a strange feeling. My sight lost color as it faded to a monotone purple. In the center of my vision were letters in the color of a system notice saying [Remaining Revival Time], with a decreasing number to the right. In the far side of my view, the silver guardian knights that killed me seemed satisfied and returned to the stain-glass in the canopy.
There was no sense of my extremities. I couldn't move, all that was left of me in this world was the small embers of my Remain Light like all of the people I killed in this world. I was lost in helpless, miserable, trivial feelings.
Yes— I was so miserable. Maybe somewhere inside I still felt that this was just a game, and this was the retribution for feeling that way. After all, my strength was just a few numbers in my status data. Yet, beyond the boundaries of the game, beyond the limits, I thought I could do anything I wanted to.
I wanted to meet Asuna. I wanted to wrap her in my arms, to lose those feelings and thoughts and finally heal. But now my hands could no longer reach her.
The second display was decreasing. I wondered what would happen when it reached zero, I could not remember.
No matter what happens, there is only one thing I can do. I would crawl back to this place and challenge the guardian knights again. No matter how many time I fell, even if I understood that I couldn't win— Even if my spirit was worn down, until the moment I completely disappear from this world—...
At that moment, a shadow sailed across my vision looking below.
Someone invaded the open dome and raced up toward me with terrible acceleration.
'Don't come', I tried to yell, but my voice didn't come out. Looking up at the windows, I saw that it was once again lined with white and guardian knights that were being produced.
White giants shouted as they passed by my side in their headlong rush for the intruder. From my experience just before, I already knew that one person would not be able to fight them. 'Hurry and run away', I desperately prayed, but the shadow shot up toward me in a straight line.
The guardian knights in the front row grasped their swords and brought them down in sequence. The intruder evaded the attacks with agile and alert movements, but the time lagged attack made the sword graze the intruder. The delicate body went into a big tumble.
But the intruder used that tumble to accelerate further, slipped past the rows of knights and kept rising. As the intruder drew closer to me, more knights appeared to stop that, with a strange chorus, they flew around a narrow space.
The shadow's right hand held a katana, but that was only used for defense. Avoiding the enemy groups and parrying with dazzling movements, it came closer and closer. It was a painfully desperate flight.
When she finally arrived in front of me, the player's tears scattered as she cried:
"—Kirito-kun!!"
It was Lyfa. The Sylph girl stretched out her hands and wrapped me tightly in her arms.
We are already very close to the gate, but the knights would never allow us to rise, they closely crowded in the sky, creating a wall of flesh several layers thick. But having secured me, Lyfa quickly turned and flew, this time aimed straight for the exit.
From the rear, curse like spell chanting rose. Immediately, arrows of light came flying. Lyfa wove from side to side, avoiding the aim of the enemy, but the arrows rained down so densely that it wasn't possible to evade them all. One of them hit her and the shock reached even me.
"Ug...!!"
Lyfa choked out, but her dive speed didn't decrease. Lyfa's body was pierced by arrows in quick succession. In my vision, her HP was swiftly cut in half.
Arrows of light were not the only thing chasing us. There were two guardian knights chasing, fast and furious. I could see swords swinging down from the left and right in a cross.
Lyfa did a quick right spin, avoiding one sword, but the other caught her squarely in the back.
"Ah..."
With her cry, Lyfa was thrown like a ball, crashing into the ground. After bouncing several times, we slid on the ground, eventually coming to a stop. There, several knights descended to make a fatal blow.
Lyfa pushed her body up with a trembling hand, and flapped her wings once. That made her roll— bright light suddenly surrounded my vision. We were already outside the dome.

* * *

Surviving that hopeless situation, Lyfa stretched out her body, chilled with fear, on the cobblestones. Turning back to the door, having passed the time allotted for the event, the door was closing and the white giants were soaring up behind it.
In her hands, the small black flame flickered. Kirito-kun -, Lyfa cried in her heart, but there was no time to be immersed in those sad sentiments. She sat up, and leaning against the leg of the huge stone statue, waved her right hand and opened the item window.
Since Lyfa hadn't mastered water and holy attribute magic, she couldn't cast the high-leveled revival magic. So she turned «Sap of the World Tree» into an item, and she picked up the small blue bottle that materialized.
Dismissing the window, she uncorked the bottle and sprinkled the shining liquid over Kirito's Remain Light. A three-dimensional magic circle similar to that of revival magic unfolded in an instant. A few seconds later, the figure of a boy in black materialized.
"...Kirito-kun..."
Still sitting down, Lyfa called his name, smiling through her tears. Kirito also knelt on the stone pavement with a harrowed smile, placed his right hand on her hand.
"Thank you, Lyfa... But, don't be that reckless again. I'll be fine... I don't want to cause you any more trouble."
"Troubled... I...."
'Am not troubled at all', She was going to say, but Kirito stood up first. He turned away and started walking— again toward the door leading into the World Tree.
"Ki-Kirito-kun!!"
She was stunned in amazement. Lyfa put strength to her trembling legs, and somehow stood up.
"Wa, wait... It is impossible for a single person!"
"Maybe so... But I must go..."
Kirito whispered with his back turned. Lyfa felt like a glass image pushed to the limits, desperately trying to find the words. But she wasn't able to speak the words burning in her throat. Her arms stretched out in a daze, she held Kirito's body tightly.
She's being attracted, she strongly felt. In order to give up on Kazuto, she forced herself to love this person in her heart, at the same time, she thought this might be fine. She felt that this feeling seemed to be true.
"Enough... Stop already... Return to the usual Kirito-kun... I... I, Kirito-kun..."
Kirito gently held her right hand in his hands. A quiet, intense voice flowed into her ear.
"Lyfa... I'm sorry... If I don't go there, nothing will end, and nothing will start. I must see her, again..."

"Again... Asuna..."

Lyfa did not understand what she had heard for a moment. Her mind had gone blank, and Kirito's reverberation slowly faded away.
"...Now... now, what... did you say...?"
Kirito tilted his head, looking slightly puzzled and replied:
"Ah... Asuna, that is the name of the person I'm looking for."
"But... I mean, that person is..."
As her hands covered her mouth, Lyfa took a half step back.
While her mind was frozen, afterimages of memories revived.
A few days ago, when she had sparred with Kazuto in the dojo.
When they first met, Kirito had beaten the Salamanders in the Ancient Forest.
The two people in her memory, when the battle was over, slashed with the sword in their right hand and quickly put it away on their back. The exact same movement.
With a burst of insight, the two silhouettes melted together. Lyfa's eyes went wide open, and from trembling lips barely forced out a voice.
"... Are you... onii-chan...?"
"Huh...?"
Kirito heard these words and his eyebrows went up in surprise. His dark eyes looked directly into Lyfa's eyes. The light floated in the pupils like the moon swaying on the surface of the water, then—
"—Sugu... Suguha...?"
The Spriggan in black whispered in a sound that's barely a voice, calling that name.
The stone pavement, the surroundings of Aarun, and the whole world with the huge World Tree seemed to be collapsing. Lyfa / Suguha staggered back a few steps.
While travelling with that person for the past few days, Lyfa had felt that the virtual world was more vivid. Her heart was excited just to fly side by side.
Suguha adored Kazuto, Lyfa liked Kirito, if she said she wasn't feeling guilt, that would be a lie. However, it was Kirito that taught her that ALfheim wasn't just an extension of a virtual flight simulator like she had thought for a long time, but a whole new reality. That is why Lyfa was able to realize that the feelings that she had in this world were not just digital data, but her true feelings.
She forcefully froze her feelings for wanting Kazuto, even her deeply buried pain, will eventually be forgotten if she stayed by Kirito's side, she felt like that. —Yet it is true that this «reality» was given form by the spirits of the «real» humans that come here, but still it was an unexpected result.
"...How cruel... This is just too much, this..."
Lyfa shook her head left and right, talking like someone delirious. More than that, she didn't want to stay in that place for even one more second. She turned away from Kirito, and waved her left hand.
Touching the lower left corner of the window, she almost ignored the confirmation message, and pressed. Under firmly closed eyelids, the rainbow faded, leaving only darkness.
Waking up in her bed, the first thing she saw was the deep blue ALfheim sky. Where that color had always invoked feelings of nostalgia and longing before, now there was only pain.
Suguha slowly took the Amusphere off her head, and held it in front of her eyes.
"U... u..."
Sobs which she couldn't hold back leaked from the depths of her throat. She applied a little more strength to her two hands holding the delicate machine with its two ornate circles. The ring bent with a faint scream.
She would destroy the AmuSphere and shut the passage to that world forever, she thought. However, she couldn't do it. The girl by the name of Lyfa on the other side of the rings was just too pitiful.
Throwing the machine onto the bed, Suguha sat up. She put her feet on the ground, closed her eyes, and bowed her head. She didn't want to think about anything anymore.
The silence was broken by a modest knock. Then, from beyond the door, came a voice that was different from Kirito's, but it had the same cadence.
"—Sugu, can I?"
"Stop!! Don't open the door!"
She cried out of reflex.
"Let me be alone... for a while..."
"—What happened, Sugu? I was surprised too, but..."
Filled with confusion, Kazuto's words continued.
"...If you are angry that I used the Nerve Gear again, I apologize. But it was absolutely necessary."
"No, it's not that."


In a moment, conflicting feelings spread throughout her body. She jumped out of the bed and went to the door.
She turned the handle and opened the door, there was the figure of Kazuto. His eyes were full of worry as he looked at her.
"I... I..."
Her feelings, with her tears overflow out.
"I— betrayed my heart. Betrayed my feelings of loving onii-chan."
Finally saying 'love' face to face with her target person, but that was like a blade piercing her chest, throat, and lips. Feeling the searing pain, continued in a hoarse voice.
"I forgot everything, gave up, and was just going to love Kirito, I thought. No, I had already. —And yet... Even though..."
"What..."
For a few seconds, Kazuto was at a loss for words, then he said in a whisper.
"Love... me... But, we are..."
"I know."
"...What...?"
"I already know."
'I can't', she thought. But she couldn't stop. With her glance embedded with all of that passion looking at Kazuto, she spoke through trembling lips the following declaration.
"Onii-chan and I are not true siblings. I've known since two years ago!!"
Oh no. Her mother had wanted her to wait before telling Kazuto that she knew about this, it's not for her to use this as a weapon for her remaining feelings. The reason she was told was so she could use the time to think about it, she thought.
"The reason onii-chan gave up on kendo and started avoiding me, you knew this long ago right? I am not your real sister so you put me at a distance right? Then, why are you so kind to me now!!"
No matter how bad it is, she couldn't hold in the words anymore. As Suguha's voice reverberated in the cold air in the corridor, Kazuto's black eyes gradually lost their expression.
"I... was very happy when onii-chan came back from SAO. I was glad we had finally been able to regain the relationship we had as children. You finally looked at me, I thought."
Finally, she could not bear anymore, and the tears came streaming down her face. Suguha harshly rubbed her eyes, and to her limits forced her voice out of her chest.
"... But... if I knew this would be the case, maybe it would have been better if onii-chan had remained cold to me. In that case, I wouldn't know that I love onii-chan... Or find out about Asuna-san and feel sad... Then I wouldn't have to love Kirito to replace you!!"
When he heard these words Kazuto's eyes got a little wide, and he looked stiff. After a few seconds, while time seemed stopped, Kazuto shook his head and said sadly,
"...I'm sorry..."
Since he woke up two months ago, Kazuto's eyes that looked at Suguha usually had a caring and gentle light shining in them. But now, that light was faded, in exchange a deep darkness was exposed there. Suguha was filled with severe pain, as though her heart was cut with the blade of regret.
"...Just, leave me alone."
She didn't want to see Kazuto's face any longer. While being crushed with guilt and self-loathing, Suguha closed the door to run away and took a few steps back. Her heel touching her bed, she fell back as she collapsed.
Curled up with a sheet wrapped around her body, her shoulders trembled as sobs racked her body. Then the tears began to fall, leaving marks on the white linen sheets while being absorbed by it.

* * *

With the door closed in front of me, I stood there for a while.
Soon, I turned and slid to the floor with my back against her door.
Suguha's accusation that I had distanced myself from her because she wasn't my true younger sister was almost correct. I had searched the net for my family registry, but I had found the deletion notice, so I asked my parents about it. I was ten years-old. I began to put some distance between Suguha and myself, but there was no specific reason.
At that time, I did not understand the meaning of the distance between other people.
I did not have any memory of my real parents, Kirigaya Minetaka and Midori had told me the truth, but their love for me did not change so I was not really hurt. However, a seed of a strange feeling was planted in me, by the time it started to bud, it was already deeply rooted.
That is, for someone who didn't even know their relatives, who is that person really? That was my question. I came to think of a family as a set of acquaintances with a long relationship, someone who knows everything. I wondered who that person would actually be. Did I really know someone like that?
That sense of incongruity may be one of the reasons that led me to dive into the world of online games. There, the avatars that came in contact over the network were naturally different within the game. No one really knew who each other was. On this premise we interacted, that was to say it was a false world, that was something I found pleasant. By the time I was a 5th or 6th grader, I was already addicted to net games, without a side glance I moved straight forward. Finally I was imprisoned for two years, in that virtual world.
The world of Sword Art Online would have been something of a utopia for me, if not for the game's rule of death. A false dream that I wouldn't wake up from. The virtual world that could never end.
In that world, I played Kirito, who no one knew.
However, in the abnormal situation of a FullDive net game where I couldn't log out, I was led without force to one inevitable truth.
Whether it was the real world or a virtual world, it was essentially identical.
Because humans understand their world by receiving the information from the five senses that had been processed by the brain. The only reason a net game is a false world is that you can leave by switching off the machine.
A world that your brain recognized through electronic pulses, a world that you can't log out of.
Those are words that describe the real world itself.
When I realized that, I finally realized the emptiness of the question that had been confusing me since the age of ten. Worrying about who people really were was something with no meaning. The only thing you were able to do is believe what you see, and accept it. The person that I recognize is the true person.
From the door I had my back to came Suguha's sobbing.
When I returned to the real world, the moment I first saw her face, I was honestly glad to see her. I wanted to shorten the distance that I had built over a few years because of my meaningless question, we would rebuild our bonds, I would approach her because I wanted to.
However, perhaps Suguha had also gained a new awareness of me over these past two years. She knew that her onii-chan was actually her cousin, and was likely trying to come to terms with the distance I had put between us. I who thought that she didn't know the truth wasn't able to notice her feelings.
To this Suguha, I had shown my feelings for Asuna many times. I had cried in front of her thinking of Asuna. It wasn't hard to imagine how deeply I had hurt Suguha.
No, it was not just that.
Perhaps the reason the PC tone-deaf Suguha had started playing VRMMO games was also me. To know my world, Suguha dove into the virtual world, and after a long time nurtured another her. The person who helped me many times in ALfheim, Lyfa— who was the real Suguha.
Yui had hypothesized that the reason I met her after I first logged in was because someone in my neighborhood had connected to ALO at the same time as me. Because we made our dives not from the same neighborhood, but the same house, our global IP address was identical. So, after I naturally encountered Lyfa, the only thing in my head was Asuna, and I hurt Lyfa like I had hurt Suguha.
I closed my eyes so tightly that when I opened them they seemed to make noise, and stood up with all of the power in my legs.
Now, I will do what I could for Suguha. When words were not enough, stretching out your hands, in the world of SAO, many people had taught me that with their whole self.

* * *

A strong knock sounded on the door, pulling Suguha out of her stupor. Out of reflex, she cowered.
'Don't open the door', she was going to shout, but the only thing that leaked from her throat was a blurred voice. However, Kazuto started speaking without turning the door knob.
"Sugu... I'll be waiting for you on the terrace in the north side of Aarun."
It was a calm voice, a gentle voice. She felt that he then moved from the front of her door. After the sound of a door opening and closing across the hall, silence fell.
Suguha closed her eyes tightly and curled up again. The tears began falling again, making a dripping sound.
Kazuto's voice was not the least bit shaken. Could he have just swallowed the terrible words she had showered upon him?
'- You're so strong, onii-chan. I can't be that strong...'
While whispering in her heart, she remembered the night a few days ago.
That night, Kazuto was like her now, curled up on his bed. Exactly the same thing, thinking about the beloved one he was unable to reach. It was the shape of a lost child.
It was the next day that she met Kirito. That is, Kazuto had found out that while Asuna's body slept, her consciousness was in ALfheim— on the World Tree towering above. He threw himself into the virtual world again. Wiped his tears, with sword in hand.
—At that time, she said good luck to him. She had told him not to give up. However, she herself was continuing to cry like this...
Suguha slowly opened her eyes. A glorious, round crown was placed in front of her.
Reaching out and taking it she placed it over her head.

Sunlight poured down from the partially cloudy sky and shone gently on the ancient styled streets of Aarun.
Looking around the log in point, Kirito's figure could not be seen. Checking the map, she could see that she was in the south plaza outside the dome of the world tree, and the north side seemed to have a large terrace for events. He was probably waiting there for Lyfa.
Although she had come here, she was still scared about the meeting. She didn't know what she should say or what to expect she would hear. Taking several despondent steps, Lyfa sat down on a bench in the corner of the plaza.
She couldn't be sure how long she sat with her head down. Suddenly, someone landed in front of her. She reflexively hardened her body and closed her eyes.
However, the person who called her name was a surprise.
"Finally... I was looking for you, Lyfa-chan!"
A familiar, cheerful, but unreliable voice echoed. She lifted her head while dumbfounded, there stood the figure of the yellow-green haired Sylph boy.
"...R, Recon!?"
Seeing this unexpected face, Lyfa instantly forgot the pain she was in, and asked him why he would be there. Recon placed his hands on his hips, puffed out his chest and said in a proud voice:
"Well, after Sigurd left, my paralysis wore off so I killed the two Salamanders with poison and escaped from the underground waterway. I was going to kill Sigurd with poison too but he wasn't in the Sylph capital, so I decided to go to Aarun too. I passed through the mountain range, training[5] active monsters on people on the way, and I finally arrived in Aarun this morning. It really took a full night."
"...You, that is pure MPK[6]..."
"Don't worry about the small details at this time!"
Recon did not care about Lyfa's accusatory words, he seemed cheerful, and sat down close to her. Seeing Lyfa alone, he was puzzled, as he looked around the surrounding area, asked.
"What happened to that Spriggan? Is your party disbanding?"
"Well..."
Looking for the right words, Lyfa fidgeted, shifting her hips uncertainly. However, it was like there was a lump of constant ache in her chest, no skillful excuses seem to float up. When she realized, she was already saying what was buried in her heart.
"...I, said terrible things to that person... Even though I loved him, I said things that I shouldn't to hurt him... I am, a fool..."
Tears almost overflowed again, but Lyfa desperately held them back. Recon / Nagata was just her classmate, above that this is the virtual world, she didn't want to bare emotions that would confuse him. So she quickly turned away and continued in rapid speech.
"I'm sorry to have said such strange things. Forget it. I won't meet that person anymore... Let's go home, to Sylvain."
Even if she tried to escape here, the two of them in reality were laying not even a few meters apart. But she was still scared of meeting Kirito. Without going to the meeting place, she would go back to Sylvain, and after saying goodbye to several close friends, she would put «Lyfa» in eternal sleep, she thought. Someday the pain would fade, until that time.
Determined, Lyfa looked up and saw Recon's face. She was startled and unintentionally leaned back.
"Wh... what!?"
Recon's face flushed as red as a tomato, his eyes wide open, his mouth opened and shut with nothing coming out. For a moment, she forgot they were in a town, she wondered whether water-attribute suffocation magic was used. At that time, Recon suddenly moved at terrific speed, grabbing her hands then placing them on his chest.
"What-what's wrong!?"
"Lyfa-chan!"
The nearby players turn toward them after hearing his loud voice. He craned his neck, and continued while moving as close as possible to Lyfa who was leaning back to her limit.
"Ly, Lyfa-chan you should not cry! If you are not always smiling, you are not Lyfa-chan! I, I will always be by your side... Either here or in the real word, I will never leave you alone... I, I, I love you Lyfa-chan...Suguha-chan!"
After rattling on like a broken faucet, he didn't wait for Lyfa to answer, but moved his face forward. There was a strange shine from those usually timid eyes, his lips expanding under a swollen nose as he chased Lyfa.
"Ah, that, wai..."
From ambush to surprise attack was Recon's speciality, Lyfa was surprised by the unexpected words and actions, and her body went stiff. As if regarding her silence as consent, Recon was leaning as if to cover Lyfa, and continued approaching.
"Hey... wait..."
Feeling Recon breathe on her face, Lyfa finally recovered from her stunned state, and clenched her left fist.
"Wait... I said!!"
While shouting, she twisted her body and struck Recon's solar plexus with a full strength short blow.
"Guhoo!!"
Since this was inside a city, there's no direct damage but the knock-back effect still worked, Recon was lifted up about one meter then dropped back down to the bench. He raised his voice in agony while holding his abdomen with both hands.
"Uguguguuuu.. H, how cruel, Lyfa-chan!!"
"Which!! Suddenly saying something so stupid!"
Lyfa felt her face became hot and stood up. Her face blazing like dragon breath with a combination of anger and embarrassment as she realized her lips had nearly been stolen. For now she lifted Recon up by his collar and punched him several more times with her right fist.
"Uge! Ugee! S, sorry, I'm sorry!!"
Recon rolled off the bench, and sat on the ground holding himself up with his right hand while shaking his head. Lyfa released her offensive stance and sat down cross-legged on the bench, and bowed her head.
"Oh.... How strange... After that, I thought all that was left was if I had the courage to confess or not..."
"...Why you..."
Lyfa was amazed, and honestly said in a becoming tone.
"...Are really stupid. "
"Ugu..."
Looking at Recon's wounded face, which looked like a puppy that had been scolded, Lyfa broke into amazed laughter. With a mixture of sigh and laughter, Lyfa felt like something else came out with them. At the same time, she felt the depths of her chest become lighter.
I guess I was just swallowing everything up till now, she thought. Afraid that she would be hurt, she had clenched her teeth and borne it. Because of that, she was overwhelmed by a flood of emotions, and ended up hurting her loved one.
She might have been too late— But at least at the end she wanted to be honest. Thinking that, Lyfa's shoulders relaxed, looking at the sky, and said:
"—But I don't hate this side of you."
"What!? Really, is that the truth!?"
Recon jumped back onto the bench, and tried to grab her hand, not learning his lesson.
"Don't get carried away!"
Pulling back her hand, Lyfa rose into the sky.
"—Once in a while, I'll try to learn from you. Wait here a while. —If you follow me, this time it will be more than that!"
Lyfa thrust her right fist with a pow toward Recon's face, then opened it and waved, and reversed her direction. She beat her wings strongly, flying with abandon toward the World Tree.
Flying around the huge World Tree for a few minutes, a vast terrace came into view below. It seemed that space was often used for a flea market and occasionally guild events, but today it was deserted. The north side of Aarun doesn't hold any buildings with great architecture, so there weren't any tourists in sight.
The black shadow of a person stood out on the bare pavement in the center of the terrace. With sharp gray wings, and a huge sword strapped to his back.
Lyfa took a deep breath and landed in front of him with grim determination.
"...Hi."
Kirito saw her then with a slightly tense but the usual casual smile, greeted her briefly.
"Sorry to keep you waiting."
Lyfa also replied with a smile. Silence lasted for a while. Only the sound of the wind passed between the two.
"Sugu...."
Kirito finally opened his mouth. A serious look in his eyes. But Lyfa gently raised her hand and interrupted him. She beat her wings once, moving back a step.
"Onii-chan, let's have a match. A continuation of that day."
Lyfa reached for her katana while she spoke, Kirito stared, eyes slightly wide. His mouth moved, as if to say something, but then stopped.
Kirito just looked at her with the black eyes which were the same as in reality, then several seconds later, nodded. He also started beating his wings, putting some distance between them.
"—All right. Now there is no handicap this time."
Kirito replied with a smile, moving his hand to the sword on his back.
They drew their swords at the same time. The cool metallic sound of the two swords being drawn overlapping. Lyfa held her katana in her favorite middle stance, staring straight at Kirito. Kirito crouched down, in a low stance with his sword skimming the ground. In the same way as that day.
"You don't need to stop just before hitting. —Let's go!!"
Saying so, she kicked off the ground at the same time.
While in the instant that their distance shortened, Lyfa thought— is that so. That day, when they sparred, she had thought Kazuto's stance was unreasonable, but it was something polished in the virtual world. Kazuto had gained all his experience in the two years of fighting with real swords at the risk of his life.
She seriously felt she wanted to understand that time for the first time. In that hated world, with the game of death, what he saw, what he thought, and how he lived, she wanted to know.
Lyfa held her sword high, cutting straight down. In Sylvian, it was said Lyfa's attack was unavoidable, but Kirito seemed to move like the the flow of air and just shifted slightly, dodging it. Right after, the large sword immediately jumped in with a twist. She pulled back her katana and blocked it, but both arms were stunned by the heavy impact.
They both used the weapon rebound to kick off the ground, beating their wings. They both rose quickly in a double helix, their swords clashed when they met. Explosion-like light and sound effects roared through the air, shaking the world.
Lyfa could not help but watch Kirito's movements with admiration, both as a kendo champion and a fairy swordswoman. There was not a trace of excess movement, like a beautiful dance of continuous attack and defense.
While in sync with his rhythm, and continuing to swing her sword, Lyfa felt that she was above her experienced limits. Thinking back, in all of the duels she had participated in this world, not once had she felt this kind of satisfaction. Lyfa had lost fights before, all of which were from weapon extra attacks and spells, but she had not lost to pure sword play even once.
The bored fencer was now finally rejoicing at facing the person she loved more than anyone else. She thought that even if their hearts didn't intersect again, that moment would be enough. Lyfa was unaware that tears were forming in the corners of her eyes.
Like many times during the intense fight when their swords crossed, Lyfa was pushed back, this time she added her wings to it and put a great distance between them through the air. Wings spread, hovering in one place, sword held as high as she could.
This shall be the final blow, Lyfa expressed this feeling to Kirito. He went into motion, his sword held far back behind his body.
For a moment, the silence was like the calm surface of the water.
Tears streamed down Lyfa's face, fell in droplets, spreading ripples in silence. The two people moved at the same time.
Her flight burned, scorching the air as Lyfa moved. Her katana drew an arc of dazzling light. In front of her, she saw Kirito using the same dash. White light sparkled from his sword as it tore through the sky.
With her katana held above her head— she opened her hands.
The sword which lost its master became an arrow of light and flew high in the sky. Lyfa ignored it and spread her arms, ready to receive Kirito's sword.
Doing just this, would not satisfy Kirito / Kazuto. However, because her stupid words hurt him, Lyfa / Suguha could think of no other way to apologize.
At least, I would offer this body which was another me to his sword, Lyfa thought.
Arms wide open, eyes half closed, Lyfa waited for that moment.
However— the white light gradually melted into view, Kirito came flying, but his hands too had no sword.
"...!?"
Lyfa opened her eyes in surprise. At the edge of her vision, she saw Kirito's large sword spinning away, just like her sword. At the same time Lyfa released her sword, Kirito had also thrown away his sword.
Why—? She didn't even have time to think as they met in mid-air. Similarly he was stretching out his arms, they collided face-to-face, and the shock stopped her breath as she cling to him unconsciously.
That did not use up their inertial energy, as the two became one, they spun in the air. Blue sky and the huge tree crossing their vision as they went round and round.
"Why—?"
Lyfa managed to say just that. From ultra close-range Kirito stared at her as he spoke at the same time.
"Why—?"
Silent, eyes still meeting, the two continued on due to the inertia in the air of ALfheim. After a while, Kirito spread his wings, stopping their spin and controlling their position then opened his mouth.
"I— wanted to apologize to Sugu— But... I couldn't find the words... I thought at least I would accept your sword..."
Suddenly, Lyfa felt Kirito's arms holding her got tighter.
"I am sorry... Sugu. After I had finally returned.. I, didn't truly look at you. I was obsessed with my problems... I couldn't hear what you said. Sorry..."
Lyfa's tears overflowed as those words entered her ears.
"I... I am more..."
'More than that' didn't become words. Burying her face in Kirito's chest, she loudly cried.
It seemed to take an eternity for the two to slowly land on the grass. Lyfa sobbed the whole time, Kirito gently patting her head, and a few minutes later, began speaking in a gentle voice.
"I... in truth, still have not come back from that world. I'm not finished yet. My reality can't start until she opens her eyes... So, for now, I'm still not sure how to work things out with Sugu..."
"...Ok. "
Lyfa gently nodded her head, and whispered.
"I, will be waiting. For the time that onii-chan truly comes back home. ...So, I will help. Explain to me, about that person... Why, you came to this world..."

Chapter 8
After struggling to collect the two swords that went flying, Kirito and Lyfa landed in front of the two statues that guarded the gate. Recon, who unexpectedly seemed to have been waiting quietly, rushed up. Seeing the black-clad Spriggan beside her, his expression changed and he turned toward her while rubbing his neck.
"Well... H-How did it turn out?"
Lyfa replied while smiling sweetly:
"We're going to attack the World Tree. Him, you, and me; the three of us."
"I-I see... Hey... What!?"
Lyfa clapped a hand to Recon's shoulder as his face turned pale and he backed away, saying 'Let's work hard', then turned to look up at the huge stone door. Standing between the two statues Lyfa realized it seemed to radiate chill air, as if forbidding entrance to those who wished it.
They talked about attacking it, but to tell the truth after seeing someone with Kirito's power getting so terribly beaten by the guardian knights, an increase of only two people would not change the outcome much. She took a quick glance at Kirito beside her— With a severe expression, his lips closed.
Kirito looked up, seeming to have thought of something.
"Yui, are you there?"
Before his words had finished, light particles in the air began to build-up and the familiar cute little pixie appeared. Hands on her hips, she was pouting in indignation. "Oh, too slow! If papa doesn't call for me, I can't come out!"
"My bad, my bad. I was a bit busy."
With a bitter smile Kirito held out his left hand and the pixie sat on it demurely. Recon craned his neck at a terrible speed to look at the pixie, as if he wanted to devour her.
"Wow, th-this is a private pixie!? This is the first time I've seen one!! Oh, incredible, so cute!!"
Hearing this, Yui's eyes went wide and she backed away.
"Wh, what is this person?!"
"Hey, you're scaring her."
Lyfa grabbed Recon's ear and pulled him away from Yui.
"Don't mind this fellow."
"...A, ah."
Kirito stood confused by the scene in front of him. He blinked his eyes two or three times, then looked at Yui again.
"—Well, did you learn anything from that battle?"
"Yes."
Yui wore an earnest expression on her pretty face as she nodded.
"Those guardian monsters, while their health and strength wasn't that high, their spawning pattern was abnormal. The spawning speed increases proportional to the proximity to the inner gate and when you actually get to the gate they would spawn at a rate of twelve per second. That is... It is set at a degree of difficulty that is impossible to capture..."
"Hmm."
Kirito frowned, and nodded in agreement.
"I didn't notice because the individual guardians were not all that strong, but if you view them all as one entity they're an absolutely invincible boss. It's designed to fan the challenger's flame, to keep their interest till the last moment then pull the flag completely away. It's very tricky..."
"But if you think about it, papa's extraordinary skill proficiency is the same. With that fierce power a momentary breakthrough might be possible."
"......"
Kirito was silent in thought for a while, then he lifted his head and stared at Lyfa.
"...I'm sorry. For one more time, can you help me with my selfish request? Though I understand this might be impossible, I would like to find more people or look for another way. But... my gut tells me something unpleasant will happen soon. I'm running out of time..."
Lyfa heard that and for a moment thought of sending a message to the Sylph lord's mansion in the capital, Sylvain, asking Sakuya if she could send high level players to come to their aid.
But right after, Lyfa bit her lip as she gave up on that idea. Her mind went back to that morning, in Jötunheimr. Remembering the incident with the Undine team brought her back to her senses. They gave priority to efficiency and safety, and they hunted the non-resisting evil-god with no consideration for Lyfa's appeal.
Of course, Sakuya was a friend and wouldn't think the same way as the Undines. But Sakuya was a leader who assumed serious responsibility. In certain situations she would have to let common-sense decisions concerning the whole race override her personal feelings. Even though she would challenge the World Tree one day, it would only be after taking the time necessary to make full preparations. If Sakuya heard Lyfa's personal request for aid, she probably wouldn't come knowing it would mean the total annihilation of her troops.
After a short period of silence Lyfa raised her face with a bright tone and said:
"OK. Let's do our best. I'll do anything within my power... also, this guy too."
"Eh, what..."
Making that sound, Lyfa elbowed Recon, his usual troubled brows were furrowed to their limit. Then saying "Lyfa-chan and I are the same, body and mind", and other things, then finally nodded in agreement.

The stone gate opened with a low rumbling that sounded like it came from the bottom of the abyss and a deep, eerie atmosphere flowed out from the other side of it, which made Lyfa lightly flap her wings. Earlier when she flew in to help Kirito, she didn't notice the overwhelming atmosphere, but now facing the stone gates, she felt the strong psychological pressure.
However, her heart was unusually calm.
Now it felt like she was in a storm. Whether the real world or the virtual world, everything was changing with a flowing and crackling sound. She didn't know where she was going in this torrent; all she could do was aim for the light in the distance.
Following Kirito, Lyfa and Recon pulled out their swords. Including Yui, all four pairs of eyes met and they all raised their wings together.
"...Here we go!"
At Kirito's shout they all kicked off the ground, plunging into the dome.
As decided earlier, Kirito began aiming for the gate and was at the center of the dome severely accelerating. Lyfa and Recon kept near the ground and began to chant healing spells.
From the emission of the light in the canopy white giants formed from the viscous liquid dripping down. They rushed at Kirito with a strange, courageous shout. As the guardian knight vanguard and the comparatively small Kirito met, a flash of light and an explosion roared through the dome.
Several giants got cut apart in one slash and scattered in all directions. Seeing such a scenario, Recon whispered beside her.
"...Amazing."
It was certainly a terrifying level of sword strength. However, witnessing the scene of Kirito fighting such massive numbers of monsters sent chills running down her spine.
There were just too many enemies. The huge number of guardian knights descending from the mesh-like canopy was a situation beyond game balance. Even in the worst underworld dungeon, Jötunheimr, the monsters spawning rate was much more moderate than this.
The guardian knights grouped together tightly, sending out undulating bands to attack Kirito. A series of flashes occurred above and every time, the body of a knight scattered light dancing like snow. However, every time one was destroyed three more would take its place.
By the time Kirito was half way to the door, his HP had decreased by only ten percent . Lyfa and Recon released the healing magic they had prepared and placed in a standby state. Kirito's body was wrapped in a blue light and his health was restored.
—But.
A terrible thing happened at the same time.
A group of low-flying guardian knights turned toward Lyfa and Recon with a queer cry.
"Ua..."
Recon made an anxious sound.
Lyfa felt that behind those mirror masks the guardian knights were focused on them. She subconsciously clamped her teeth together tightly.
In order to avoid being targeted Lyfa and Recon were to use magic only to heal Kirito. Generally, monsters only attack players who enter their detection range. That is, they don't attack the long-range players if they don't use bows or attack magic.
However, it seems that the guardian knights are different than the monsters in the outside world, they use algorithms with ill intent as well. If they react to support magic from far away then using an orthodox kind of formation like attackers at the vanguard and healers at the rear is useless.
'That group of five or six knights, turn away!' Lyfa's wish was empty, they started beating their four wings and the knights dove. Each of them held a sword easily taller than Lyfa in their right hand. Their swords seemed to gleam with a hungry light.
Lyfa cried out to Recon:
"I'll distract them, you continue to heal like this!" Lyfa rose without waiting for an answer. However, although during battles until now Recon had just listened to Lyfa's orders, this time he said 'Wait,' then held onto her right hand. Surprised, Lyfa turned around to look at him and was struck by his unusually serious expression, even though his voice was tense.
"Lyfa-chan... though I don't completely understand, this is an important battle, right?"
"—Yes. Right now it's probably not just a game."
"...Although there's no way I can match that Spriggan... I'll do something about the guardians..."
As soon he finished Recon kicked off the ground with the flight controller in his hand. While Lyfa was standing there surprised he flew farther ahead, directly into the group of guardian knights.
"I-Idiot..."
—He wasn't a capable opponent, Lyfa thought, but she knew she couldn't catch up with him anymore. Looking to the side, Kirito's full HP had once again started to decrease. Lyfa was forced to start casting a recovery spell. Even as she quickly cast her spell, Lyfa uneasily continued to watch Recon from behind.
Recon unleashed the wide area wind attribute magic that he had prepared during his flight to attack the guardian knights. Many green blades spread out in a fan shape and attacked the knights, ripping into them. The knights HP wasn't reduced much, but instead all of them targeted Recon.
The white giants issued a distorted howl as they confronted the little green boy. Recon flew around the dangerous giants' swords, as he moved like a leaf at the mercy of the wind, and came out behind them. The knights quickly turned, following him.
Lyfa completed her spell and the light of a healing spell wrapped around Kirito. Several guardian knights reacted and began to descend. Those knights joined the group chasing Recon, causing it to double in size.
Despite not being good at aerial combat, Recon was dodging the swords rushing at him with amazing concentration. He occasionally received an attack and his HP gradually began to decrease, but there were no fatal injuries.
"...Recon..."
Recon's flight looked desperate and Lyfa could not help but feel kind of touched, but she knew Recon couldn't last forever. Every time she cast a healing spell on Kirito, a new group of knights descended, increasing the number gathered around Recon.
Finally, the guardian knights chasing Recon divided into two teams. They appeared to be trying to sandwich him. One of the many sword tips that fell like rain caught Recon on the back knocking him away.
"Recon, that's enough! Escape outside!!"
Lyfa couldn't watch any longer and cried out. Once a player had evacuated the area, he could no longer pass through the door again while there was still a battle going on inside. She decided that she would endure to her limit, then fly up while chanting a healing spell.
But before that, Recon turned and looked at her. Recon's face had a determined smile. Seeing that, Lyfa stopped opening her wings.
Recon began to chant a new spell while receiving multiple sword attacks. His body was quickly surrounded by a dark purple light effect.
"...!?"
Noticing that it was a darkness attribute magic spell, Lyfa gasped. A complicated magic circle unfolded instantly. Judging from its size, it was a considerably high-ranked incantation. Since it's rare to see darkness magic in Sylph territory, Lyfa didn't know what kind of effect it had.
The magic circle became gigantic in a moment, turning on its axis while wrapping around the knights that flocked toward it. The complex pattern of light condensed in an instant— then everything was hit with a terrible flash.
"Ah...!!"
Lyfa was blinded by the flash and instinctively turned her face away. An explosion that sounded as though it was going to crush heaven and earth occurred, violently shaking the entire dome. It took a full second to recover from that blinding white scene. Lyfa stared desperately toward the blast center while squeezing her hands. She was so surprised that she was lost for words. The guardian knights that had clustered around Recon were annihilated. The only trace of them was the faint purple afterglow hanging in the air.
The power was terrifying. There aren't any such powerful area attack incantations in either the Wind or Fire attributes. 'That guy Recon, when did he learn such a useful hidden skill?' Lyfa was crying both from joy and surprise. If such an attack was used several more times then it would be possible to break through the gate. Lyfa was going to heal Recon for now and moved her hand— but she again froze in place.
In the aftermath of the explosion Recon's small figure wasn't there. Instead, a lone Remain Light floated in the air.
"—Self-Destruction Magic...?"
Lyfa whispered in dismay. That's right— She remembered hearing about this kind of dark magic long ago. However, it had a death-penalty several times worse than that of a normal death, so it can be said to be a taboo incantation.
Lyfa shut her eyes tightly, at a loss for words for a few seconds. Despite being a mere game; the experience, time, and effort Recon put into it made that a genuine sacrifice. From here on out giving up was not an option. She opened her eyes with determination while looking up. Then—
As she saw the scene in front of her, she felt the strength leave her legs.
The top of the dome was so full of white that she couldn't see it at all.
Kirito was the small black speck in the center. After each swing of his sword, bodies fell. It was like poking a vast sand dune with a needle. The holes in the wall of white guardian knights' flesh that Kirito made were instantly refilled, completely blocking him.
"Uooooo!!"
Kirito fought like a demon and roared like he was coughing up blood, his cries of defiance faintly reaching Lyfa's ears.
"...It's impossible onii-chan... something like this..."
To be honest, the idea that someone's soul was trapped in this world, even if Kirito told her, was something she still couldn't quite believe. This was a game, a virtual world meant to be enjoyed. She couldn't help feeling some resistance to the story that linked this world to the nightmarish «SAO World».
However, Lyfa felt for the first time that she had seen a «Malicious System». The virtual game world had a fair balance, but this place was full of killing intent against players. Like a huge death scythe being swung around— that kind of feeling. It was God's intention to kill. No one may resist.
Suddenly a low, distorted, curse like sound reverberated in the dome.
A section of the guardian knights stopped moving, their left hands reaching forward as they chanted spells. That was the spell that sealed Kirito's movement the first time he came here. When it hit, it temporarily stunned, leaving the victim open to sword attacks.
Expecting to see the scene where Kirito was skewered by countless blades, Lyfa froze.
It was at that moment...
Suddenly, from behind came a surge, no, a tsunami of sound that hit Lyfa's withered wings.
"Wh...!?"
Lyfa hurriedly turned around to see— In close formation they came through the open door dressed in shiny green new armor. It was the soldiers of Sylph.
One look showed her that their equipment was ancient weapon class. The large player group, fully dressed in similar shiny new outfits, rushed past Lyfa like the spring wind and flew toward the canopy. There were at least 50 of them.
While awestruck Lyfa focused her attention on them, and one by one name cursors appeared. She could not see their faces because of the visors, but the names displayed were all those of elite players from the Sylph territory. The guardian knights heard the heroic roar of the crowd, suspended their spells aimed for Kirito, and began to move. A shudder of fear and exhilaration ran up Lyfa's back. However, they were not the only group joining to capture the dome.
Several seconds after the last of the elite Sylvain force passed through the great door, another battle cry resounded. They overlapped, mixing into behemoth-like roars, like that of distant thunder.
The new force that rushed in was considerably smaller than the Sylvain Force. Lyfa estimated there were around ten. However, each member of that cavalry was extraordinarily large.
"Flying Dragons...!"
Lyfa shouted in surprise. From head to tail, they were several times larger than a player and covered with iron-gray scales. As proof that they were not wild monsters, the dragons' forehead, chest, and the protruding edges of their very long wings were equipped with shiny metal armor.
From both sides of the dragon forehead armor reins made of silver chains extended, held firmly by the players straddling the saddles on their backs. The riders were also fortified with brand new armor, triangular ears protruding from both sides of their heads, from the bottom of their back armor a tail that couldn't be overlooked.
They were without a doubt the Cait Sith's final weapon, the Dragon Knights. They were used as a last resort. The legendary warriors kept in absolute secrecy, never even seen in screenshots, and now, they were flying in front of Lyfa's eyes.
Caught in the euphoria, with her blood boiling, Lyfa stood there with her wings spread taut. Suddenly, she heard someone call out from behind her:
"Sorry we're late."


She quickly turned around and standing there was the figure of the Sylph Lord, Sakuya, wearing high heeled clogs and dressed casually. Sidling up next to her was Alicia Rue, Lord of the Cait Siths, who said while twitching her ears:
"Sorry, the Leprechaun smiths had to forge the number of required dragon armor, so it was finished just a bit ago. Even with the money the Spriggan gave us, our treasury, as well as the Sylphs', is now empty!"
"In other words, both races will go bankrupt if we are annihilated here."
Sakuya laughed cooly with crossed arms.
—They came. The two of them, despite the risk of losing their status as lords, they quickly came. The combined forces of these two races, overcoming the scramble for resources which was the essence of MMORPG games, throwing all calculations of risk to the winds, would surely work effectively to exceed the expectations of the GMs.
"...Thank you ...Thank you, both of you."
Lyfa could only say those words with her trembling voice. Sure enough, in this world there were things more important than rules, and manners, and common sense— that thought filled her heart, and she was not able to say anything else.
Although the two lords replied in different voices they had the same tone as they said, 'We're now even', then glared at the canopy with a stern expression. Sakuya snapped the fan in her right hand. "Well— We'll go too!"
Seeing the wall of white guardian knights send out groups to attack the front Sylph players, Lyfa firmly nodded her head, and the three kicked off the ground. Kirito was in the center of the dome engaged in fierce battle, but he seemed to have noticed the arrival of reinforcements and stopped trying to break through by himself, leaving some room between him and the knight wall.
Gracefully soaring toward the central part of the Dome, Alicia Rue held up her right hand and cried out in a lovely, carrying voice.
"Dragon Corps! Prepare the Breath attack!"
The ten members of the Dragon Knight cavalry hovered in a large circle around the three, including Lyfa. With their wings spread and their necks bent in an S-shape, she could see an orange light behind their teeth.
Next, Sakuya quickly raised the folded red fan.
"Sylph team, prepare for the special attack!"
Arranged in a dense square, the Sylph forces held out their swords with their right hands above their heads. Emerald green lightning wrapped around their swords like a filigree.
The guardian knights looked like a swarm of white worms with so many assembled and issuing queer jarring cries as they approached. Alicia Rue bit her lips with her long fang, then waiting until the guardian knights approached the limit, waved her right hand, raised her voice, and shouted.
"Fire Breath, attack!"
Then all of the breath the ten dragons accumulated was released in a conflagration of fire. Crimson red lines of fire flew from their mouths, leaving a trail in the air. Ten pillars of fire struck the guardian knights surrounding Kirito and the Sylph soldiers.
Dazzling light lit up the whole dome. Moments afterward, continuous fireballs exploded creating a huge wall of flame. A terrible explosive sound shook the world. The remains of the guardian knights were blown in all directions, leaving white flames burning out.
But there seemed to be an infinite number of guardians, new groups stretching from the wall of flesh, forcibly breaking through the blazing hellfire. First, as if wanting to swallow Kirito, who was at the front, it greatly opened its mouth, looking like a liquid spreading out.
When the white mass was on the verge of flooding, Sakuya sharply swung her fan downward, shouting:
"Fenrir Storm, release!!"
The Sylph force sharply thrust their long swords in perfect order. From each of the fifty swords a dazzling green bolt of lightning gushed out and cut through the air in a zigzag fashion, penetrating deeply into the group of guardian knights.
Again the world was dyed white by the brilliant flash of light. This time no explosion occurred, instead thick lightning ran freely, guardian knights caught in that jaw were blown apart into tiny pieces.
After the second large group was crushed, the central portion of the wall of guardian knights sank down. However, like the surface of a liquid, the hole made in that wall was quickly filled in from the sides.
It was 'now or never', Lyfa was convinced. She instantly unsheathed her katana and kicked into the air to rush forward. The lords seemed to have made the same decision. Sakuya's voice rang through the air like a whip.
"All troops, charge!"

It was certainly the biggest battle that had ever occurred in that world. From behind came the intermittent release of Flame Breath, guardian knights were burned to death and continued to fall one by one. The warhead formation used by the Sylphs cut down the flocking giants with their powerful swords, drilling a vast hole into the wall of meat.
At the tip of the warhead was the little black Spriggan. His equipment grade was way weaker than the Sylph warriors, but with his sword moving beyond god-like speed, anything that his sword touched was instantly cut and blown apart.
Lyfa flew through a gap that the Sylph warriors opened, immediately reaching behind Kirito. After blocking the sword of a guardian knight that was going to attack Kirito's back Lyfa buried her katana in its mirror mask. Holding her katana while turning, the neck of the knight flew away from its body, and the body burned with a white flame. Kirito turned to Lyfa, and said while moving only his lips.
"Sugu, I leave my back to you."
"Count on me!!"
She met his eyes and responded wordlessly, then put her back against his back. The two of them turned round and round, cutting down the guardian knights that continuously appeared in front of them.
One-on-one, the giant knights shouldn't be that easy for her to kill. However, as she stuck to his back and matched his speed, Lyfa felt as though the knights became slower and slower. No— Maybe her nervous system accelerated? It had happened in kendo matches before, Lyfa was enveloped by the sense that she could grasp everything going on around her.
It felt as though she and Kirito had become one being. With their nervous system directly connected, the pale electronic pulses flowing from one to the other. Without looking, she knew how Kirito was moving behind her. While his sword cut into a guardian knight's neck, while turning, Lyfa struck high into the same knight's neck and finished it off. On another knight's mask that Lyfa damaged, Kirito struck the same place Lyfa had just hit, cutting deeply.
Kirito, Lyfa, the Sylph warriors, and the dragoon brigade moved like a single white-hot entity, continuing to touch and melt the wall of guardian knights with no limit, going deeper and deeper. The number of knights was unlimited, but the amount of space in the dome was fixed. As long as they continued to progress, the moment would come sometime.
"Seraaaa!!"
With her spirited shout Lyfa cut a guardian knight in half, it collapsed and disappeared.
Beyond the last few knights, even if only for an instant, she saw the zenith of the dome.
"Oooo!!"
With a shout, Kirito moved from behind Lyfa as a black flash of light rushed toward the gap in the wall of flesh. The last group of guardian knights approached him from all directions while raising a cry of resentment to prevent intrusion. They numbered nearly thirty.
"Kirito-kun!!"
Lyfa instinctively swung her katana and threw it at Kirito's left hand with all her might.
The green blade spun through the air and settled into his hand as though it was sucked there.


"U...oooooo—!!"
With a shout that shook the entire dome, Kirito held the greatsword in his right hand and the katana in his left. They shot out with fearsome speed in a dual attack.
Cutting down from the upper right. Cutting up from the lower left. Two shining swords changed angles slightly and drew a snow-white circle that looked just like the corona of a solar eclipse. The bodies of knights that got caught in his ultra-speed slashing were cut to pieces like paper, spreading out into the surroundings.
This time it was clearly visible beyond the End Frame of the ring of white flame. Entangled like a mesh of tree branches at the center of the canopy of the dome, was a circular gate divided into pieces by a cross. Spanning the trunks of the World Tree, the final gate leading to ALfheim, the castle up at the top of the tree.
The small figure in black continued to fly toward the gate, pulling a tail of light behind him. He arrived. At last.
In front of Lyfa's eyes, the bodies of the guardian knights were quickly and repeatedly piled up and filled any open space in an instant. Sakuya, who noticed that Kirito broke through the defensive line, shouted from the rear:
"Everyone fall back, retreat!"
Evading together with the Sylph team while diving with the support of Fire Breath attacks, Lyfa, for a moment, looked back in the direction of the canopy. She was unable to see Kirito's figure due to the wall of guardians, but reflected in the eye of Lyfa's heart, rose the figure aiming for the place that no one had ever reached, rising higher and higher.
Fly— Go— Go anywhere! Through the giant tree, soar through the sky, to the heart of the world—!

* * *

I thought my mental nerves would burn out, considering the speed I rushed through that final distance.
In front of me was a large circular gate made of four tightly shut parts portrayed by a cross-shaped lithograph. Behind it, she— Asuna, waited. Left behind in that world, along with the other half of my soul.
From behind, the guardian knights' screams resounded, full of anger. They turned around and it seemed as though they were about to pursue me. Then the knights reappeared from the canopy around the gate without even a flash of light and rushed toward me as they caught me in their sights.
However, I was quicker. The gate was already just an arm's length away.
But— But.
"...It won't open...!?"
I unintentionally cried out at the unexpected situation.
The gate wouldn't open. Before, I thought if I just got closer that annoying, large door would open, but it was tightly closed, blocking my path and its cross shaped parts wouldn't budge a bit.
From there on, there was no time to slow down. I was poised with my sword in my right hand at waist level, and hoping to shatter the gate in one blow, rushed toward it, becoming one with my sword.
Just after that I hit the gate with a terrible shock. The tip of my sword struck the stone block, violently spraying intense sparks. But— the surface didn't have a scratch.
"Yui— What is going on!?"
I cried out in confusion. No way, was that not enough? Do we not only have to break through the guardian knights, but need some type of item or flag[7] as well?
About to follow the impulse to swing my sword again, Yui flew out of my pocket with a bell-like ting-a-ling. She gently placed her hands on the stone of the gate.
"Papa."
She turned her head, and quickly said:
"The door isn't locked by a quest flag or otherwise! It is simply this way because of the system administrator."
"Wh—? What do you mean!?"
"In other words... the door is something a player would never be able to open!"
"Wha...."
I was speechless.
This means the grand quest— that the race which climbs the World Tree and reaches the City in the Sky would be reborn as true fairies, was like hanging a carrot in front of a rabbit's nose knowing it would never be able to reach it? Beyond the fact that it exceeds the limits in terms of difficulty, then there's a lock that could never be opened without the key called system authority...?
I felt my body lose all strength. Behind me, the cries of the guardian knights rushed over me like a tsunami. However, the will power that allowed me to grasp my sword again wouldn't spring out anymore.
'- Asuna, I've come so far... just a little further, until I can reach you... That piece of your warmth, was that our last contact...?'
'- No. Wait. That is, that's certainly...'
My eyes went wide. With my left hand, I fumbled in my back pocket. There. A small card. What Yui had said, that it was the system access code...
"Yui— Use this!"
I held the silver card out in front of Yui's eyes. Yui's eyes widened for an instant, then she nodded deeply.
Her small hand brushed against the surface of the card. Several streaks of light flowed from the card into Yui.
"Code copying!"
She cried out, then slammed both palms onto the surface of the gate.
I was dazzled by the bright light and squinted my eyes. Where her hands touched, bright blue lines radiated out, and right after, the gate itself started shining.
"—We will be transferred!! Papa, hold onto my hand!!"
Yui stretched out her right hand and firmly grasped the fingertip of my left hand. The line of light channeled through her body flowed into mine.
Suddenly, the queer voice of the guardian knights echoed from right behind us. Although I braced myself, dozens of large swords hurtled toward me. However, those swords passed through me as though they had totally lost substance. No, I was beginning to become transparent. My body faded and melted into light.
"—!!"
Suddenly, I was pulled forward. Yui and I turned into a torrent of data and were then sucked into the gate, which had changed into a glowing white screen.

My lapse of awareness was over in an instant.
I shook my head a few times trying to throw off the lingering sensation of the transfer while blinking my eyes. This was similar to the use of teleportation crystals in Aincrad, but instead of the familiar bustle of a gate square I was surrounded by complete silence.
I slowly stood up from the posture which I found myself in with one knee on the ground. In front of me was a concerned looking Yui. She was not in the little pixie form anymore, but the original, with the appearance of a girl about ten years old.
"Are you all right, Papa?"
"Yeah... This is...?"
I looked at my surroundings while nodding.
However you put it— It was a very strange place. Totally unlike the new 'game' feel of the excessively elaborate, decorated streets of Sylvain and Aarun. Everything I could see gave a blank impression, there were only white walls with no texture or detail.
I was somewhere in the middle of a passage of some sort. Rather than straight, it gently curved to the right. Looking back, it was similarly curved. It seemed to be a very long curve, or perhaps circular passage.
"...I don't understand, there seems to be no map data for navigating this place..."
Yui said with a puzzled look.
"Do you know where Asuna is?"
When asked, Yui closed her eyes for an instant, then nodded deeply.
"Yes, she's very— very close. Upwards... this way."
Kicking off the floor with her bare feet extending from her white dress, she turned and started running without making a sound. I returned the sword that I still held in my right hand to my back then hurriedly followed. The katana that should have been in my left hand had disappeared. Perhaps, when I was transferred, it had returned to Lyfa, who was the owner of the original system data. If she had not thrown me that sword, I definitely would not have been able to break through the last wall. I closed my eyes for a moment and silently prayed words of gratitude toward the sensation that remained in my left hand.
After following Yui for a few dozen seconds, a square door came into view on the left, the outer wall of the curve. It didn't have a single decoration either.
"It seems to be possible to reach the top from here."
I nodded at her words as she came to a stop and looked around the door— My posture went rigid instantly.
There were two triangular buttons lined up, one pointing up, the other pointing down. It was something I had never seen in this world, but nonetheless, it was very familiar in the real world. I could only think they were the buttons of an elevator.
Suddenly and strangely, with my body wrapped in battle garb and a sword strapped to my back, I frowned feeling out of place. No— It's this place that is strange. If these buttons were as I suspected, then this could no longer be thought of as the game world. Then... What is this place?
But that doubt only crossed my mind for a moment. I am good anywhere. As long as Asuna is there.
I touched the arrow pointing up with no hesitation. Soon, the doors slid open with a pong sound effect, exposing a small box-shaped room beyond. Entering the room with Yui I turned around and sure enough, there was a panel of buttons lined up next to the door. The button representing the current floor was lit and there seemed to be two more floors above that one. After hesitating slightly I pressed the top button.
The sound effect rang out again. The door closed and I was wrapped in an unmistakable rising sensation.
The elevator soon stopped. Beyond the open door was a curved passage similar to the one we just left. Facing Yui, who was tightly grasping my right hand, I said:
"Is this the right floor?"
"Yes. —Already, just... just around the corner."
While saying so, Yui pulled my hand and began running.
For additional tens of seconds I tried to suppress my frantic heartbeat while running through the passage. We came near a few doors on the inner circumference, but Yui went by without sparing a glance toward them.
Eventually, Yui came to a halt in an empty place.
"...What happened? "
"On the other side of this... a passage..."
Yui stroked the smooth wall on the outer circumference while muttering. Abruptly her hand stopped, and like the time with the gate, blue lines of light zigzagged at right angles while running along the surface of the wall.
Suddenly the thick lines separated a square from the wall, then the interior was annihilated with a banging sound. Inside, the dull and uninteresting passage extended straight ahead after all.
When Yui silently set foot into the passage, she began to run at increasingly higher speed. Seeing the tender look on her face, unable to bear the thought of waiting even one more second, I was convinced that Asuna was close.
Hurry, hurry. I wholeheartedly prayed from the bottom of my heart while advancing earnestly. Before long the passage ended ahead and a door with four corners blocked the way. Yui, without even bothering to stop, extended her left hand and forcefully pushed the door open.
"—!!"
In front of us we could see the huge setting sun.
The infinite sunset sky wrapped around the world. I noticed there was a slightly uncomfortable feeling about the view of this place. This place was set at an extremely high altitude, you can see the gently drawn curve of the horizon. The wind was ringing strongly.
Inevitably, I recalled that moment.
Asuna and I sat side by side watching as the floating castle disappeared, dissolving into the eternal sunset. She raised her voice, her words floating to my ear.
"We will be together forever."
"Ah— Yes. I have returned."
After muttering that, I turned my glance to my feet.
Where once there was a crystal floor, now there was a terribly thick tree branch.
My vision, which had been constricted by the crimson sunset, again widened. Overhead, the tree branched out in all directions, extending dense foliage on all sides, like a pillar that supported the heavens. Below, uncountable branches extended in my vision. Even farther down on the ground, beyond the vast ocean of clouds, I could see a flowing river faintly meandering in green meadows.
That was the top of the World Tree. The place Lyfa... Suguha constantly dreamed of seeing, the top of the world.
However -.
I slowly looked around. There, the trunk of the World Tree stood like a wall stretching on forever as it branched off.
"There is no... City in the Sky..."
I whispered while dumbfounded. It only had some tasteless white passages. Such a thing couldn't be the legendary City in the Sky. To begin with, it was necessary to generate some sort of event to mark the end of a grand quest. After breaking through the gate of the dome was complete I could hear no fanfare.
In other words, it was all an empty gift box. Decorated in wrapping paper and adorned with ribbons that are meant to hide the hollow lie. Speaking of that, what should I say to Lyfa, who dreamed of being reborn as a high-ranking fairy?
"...This is unforgivable..."
I spoke without thinking. Against the person or group who was running this world.
Suddenly, I felt a gentle tug on my right hand. Yui looked up at me with a worried look.
"Ah, that's right. Let's go."
Everything was to rescue Asuna. I came here just for that.
In front of my eyes a big branch of the tree stretched toward the setting sun. In the center of the branch was an artificial path. The road ahead, beyond the treetops standing in the sun— was reflecting golden light. Aiming for that light Yui and I began running. I desperately suppressed my irritation and a desire that seemed like it would catch fire at any second, and advanced forward on the tree path. My perception accelerated, making an instant seem to stretch on infinitely, such that the instant spanning a few seconds seemed to me to be many minutes.
Passing through an area of dense strangly-shaped leaves, the path continued. Whenever the branch intersected with another one, there would be up and down stairs to go past it. I would just beat my wings once and jump over.
The nature of the shining golden light in question became apparent over time. It was a combination of vertical and horizontal metal bars forming a metal lattice— No, it was a birdcage.
Above the big branch we were running on, another branch ran parallel to it, and from that branch hung the orthodox birdcage. However, it was extraordinarily large. It wouldn't be able to shut in a bird of prey, much less the smaller birds. That's right— It seemed to have another purpose -.
I was reminded of the conversation in Agil's shop, from a memory that seemed so far away it might as well be from ancient times. The five players that had piggybacked to bypass the altitude limit and taken screenshots. The photos they took portrayed a mysterious girl trapped in a birdcage. Yes, definitely. It was Asuna— Asuna would be in there.
There was a strong conviction in that little hand tightly holding my right hand, pulling me forward. We hurtled so fast we practically glided though the air, then we jumped over the final staircase.
The path carved into the branch suddenly narrowed as it ran below the cage, and then it ended.
I could already see clearly inside the golden birdcage. One big plant and various potted flowers littered the white tile floor. In the center was a big bed with a luxurious canopy. Next to it was a round white table with a tall chair. A girl was sitting in the chair with her hands together on the table and her head bowed with the aura of someone praying.
Long, flowing, straight hair was hanging down her back. She was wearing the same type of dress as Yui but more diaphanous. Thin wings extended elegantly from her back. Everything was illuminated in the brilliant red light of the setting sun.
I couldn't see her face. However, I understood. There was no way I wouldn't know. Like a magnetic force, my soul was drawn to her with a nearly visible flash that sparked between the two of us.
At that moment, the girl— Asuna, quickly lifted her face.
Maybe it's because of my deep yearning, but that beautiful shape already seemed to have been sublimated into a more light-filled concept of familiarity. Sometimes it was a smart beauty, like a sharpened sword. Other times, a mischievous friendly warmth. Her face, that was always beside me during those short but nostalgic days together, was at first filled with pure surprise. Then both of her hands rose to cover her mouth while moisture collected in those big hazel eyes, overflowing to form tears.
Taking the last few steps with a winged jump, I whispered in a voice that did not become sound.
"—Asuna."
Yui cried out at the same time, too.
"Mama... Mama!!"
At the end of the path where it ran into the cage there was a square door made of a dense metal lattice inset with a small metal plate that seemed to be a locking mechanism. Although the door was closed Yui didn't slow down while pulling me. Instead, she stretched out her right hand and held it above her left side. Her hand was enveloped in a blue glow.
Then she waved her hand to the right. At the same time the door quickly blew off as if it was just a metal plate. The door soon became light particles and dispersed, quickly disappearing.
Yui released my hand and with both arms outstretched, cried out again.
"Mama -!!"
She rushed straight through the entrance into the birdcage.
Kicking away her chair, Asuna stood up. She removed her hands from her mouth, and from her lips, a trembling but clear voice issued.
"—Yui-chan!!"
Then Yui kicked off the floor, jumping straight into Asuna's chest. Black hair mixed with chestnut hair and danced in the sky, appearing maroon in the sunset.
Yui and Asuna hugged each other tightly, nuzzling each other's cheeks and calling out once again to make sure.
"Mama...."
"Yui... -chan..."
The tears of the two ran down their faces and disappeared in the light of the setting sun, shining like flames.
I relaxed the force that was propelling me forward and quietly walked to Asuna, stopping a few steps in front of her. Asuna lifted her face, and blinking away her tears, looked at me face to face.
The same as that time, I couldn't move. If I moved any closer and touched her, everything might disappear... Anyway, my current shape is very different from that time. The Spriggan's dark skin and my spiked hairstyle, I had nothing in common with the Kirito of that time. Holding back my tears, I could do nothing but stare at her.
But just like that time, Asuna's lips moved, and called my name.
"—Kirito-kun."
After a moment of silence, my mouth moved and called her name.


"...Asuna."
I took the last two steps forward, arms open. I wrapped her delicate body with mine, holding her tightly to my chest with Yui nestled between us. The nostalgic fragrance drifted around me and her nostalgic warmth soaked into my body.
"...I'm sorry it took me so long." I muttered in a trembling voice. Asuna looked into my eyes from point-blank range and replied.
"No, I believed in you. I was certain— that you would come to help..."
More words were already unnecessary. Asuna and I closed our eyes and buried our faces in each other's necks. Both of Asuna's hands were behind my back, holding me firmly. A contented sigh from Yui seemed to leak between us.
—This is good enough. I thought.
If this became my last moment I would have no regrets, even as my life burned out. The life that was supposed to have been over with that world, finally concludes here, just for this...
No, that wasn't it. Finally, it starts here. Here, that world of swords and battle would end at last and we would finally set out for the new world named reality, together.
I looked up and said:
"Let's go home. To the real world."

After the embrace I firmly grasped Asuna's hand, and Yui held onto Asuna's other hand. I looked at Yui's face and inquired:
"Yui, is it possible to log Asuna out from here?"
Yui wrinkled her eyebrows for a moment, then shook her head.
"Mama's status is bound by a complex code. A system console is required to unlock it."
"Console..."
Asuna said in a nervous voice, tilting her head.
"I think I saw one on the lowest level of the laboratory... Ah, the laboratory is..."
"You mean in that empty white hallway?"
"Yeah. ...You came through there?"
"Yes."
I nodded my head, Asuna frowned while looking at me, seeming disturbed.
"Did you see anything... strange?"
"No, I never met anyone..."
"...It's possible a subordinate of Sugou was hanging around... Just cut them with your sword!"
"Wha... Sugou!?"
At Asuna's mention of that name, I was surprised but at the same time convinced.
"This is that guy... Sugou's work? To imprison Asuna here."
"Yes. —Not only that, Sugou is doing horrible things here..."
Asuna started to say, practically radiating resentment, but shook her head immediately.
"We'll continue this conversation after we return to the real world. Sugou is not at the company now. We can take this chance to get access to the server and free everybody... Let's go!"
Although there were many things I wanted to ask, my top priority was getting Asuna back to the real world. I nodded and turned around.
Pulling Asuna who was holding Yui's hand, I began to run toward the blown off door at the entrance. Taking two steps, three steps, just as we were about to reach the edge of the cage, at that time.
—Someone was watching us.
Suddenly, I felt an unpleasant sensation sizzling on the back of my neck. It was the exact same feeling I got in SAO when I was being targeted by an orange PKer instead of a monster hidden in the shadows.
I quickly let go of Asuna's hand and grabbed the hilt of my sword. Ready to pull out my sword, I moved my hand slightly. At that moment...
Suddenly, the birdcage was filled with water. It felt like we were wrapped in a dark, highly viscous liquid.
No, that wasn't it. It was possible to breathe, but the air seemed to become abnormally heavy. Although I could move my body, as if we were in a sticky mucus I felt tremendous resistance. My body was heavy. It was painful to stand. At the same time the light faded from the world. The sunset in the birdcage was blotted out by darkness.
"—What is this!?"
Asuna cried out. Her voice was distorted, as though it was coming from deep underwater.
I tried to keep hold of Asuna and Yui and drew them closer despite the extraordinarily unpleasant feeling, but— I couldn't move my body at all. The air was sticky, moving with a consciousness like vines tying me up.
Finally, the world was shrouded in complete darkness. No, it was a little different. I could see Asuna and Yui in their one piece dresses clearly. But the view of the background seemed to be painted over with a deep black.
I gritted my teeth and moved my right hand. I should have been close to the lattice of the bird cage. I extended my hand, thinking to pull my body from that space— but my hand touched nothing.
It wasn't only an appearance. We had been thrown into a world of darkness, there was no telling where it was.
"Yui—"
'What is the situation', I was about to say. But from Asuna's arms, Yui suddenly arched her back and screamed.
"Eek! Papa... Mama... Watch out! There is something really bad here..."
Before she even finished those words, purple lightning started shining from Yui's body, and with a dazzling flash— Asuna arms were empty.
"Yui!?"
"Yui-chan—!?"
Asuna and I shouted at the same time. But there was no answer.
In the thick and sticky true black darkness, only Asuna and I were left. I reached out desperately, wanting to be nearer to Asuna. Wide-eyed, Asuna reached out anxiously.
However, right before our fingertips were about to touch, we were hit with tremendous gravity.
It was like we were thrown into the bottom of a deep, deep swamp of mucus. I couldn't endure it, the pressure overwhelmed my whole body and I fell to one knee. Asuna fell down at the same time, thrusting both hands at the invisible floor.
Asuna looked at me, mouth moving slightly.
"Kirito... -kun..."
'It's all right, I will protect you no matter what', I was going to reply. At that moment a high-pitched laugh echoed throughout the darkness.
"Hey, what do you think about this magic? It's scheduled to be introduced in the next update, but perhaps the effects are too strong?"
That voice loaded with so much mockery that it couldn't be kept in check, was familiar. The man who, in front of the sleeping Asuna, ridiculed me, calling me hero.
"—Sugou!!"
I shouted as I struggled to stand up.
"No no, in this world, please refrain from calling me by that name. Not even using an honorific when calling your king's name. You may call me the Fairy King, His Majesty, Oberon!!"
His last words jumped up a few octaves, turning into an exclamation. At the same time something struck my head.
Turning my head a little bit, a man was standing next to me. All I could see were the feet, wrapped in boots covering gaudily embroidered tights, which he moved to the left and right on top of my head.
When I lifted my eyes I could see he was wearing long clothes in a poisonous green color, and above that is a face that looked perfectly made. No— It really was an artificial face. Starting at zero with polygon modeling, it was a handsome face distorted by its twisted expression, making it truly ugly. His red lips were hugely distorted, making it look like he was grinning.
Even if his appearance was different, I know this guy was Sugou. The man who confined Asuna's soul in such a place, a man for whom hate just wasn't enough.
"Oberon – no, Sugou!"
Asuna was almost lying on the ground, but she raised her face, shouting courageously.
"The things you have done, I've seen them with my own eyes!! Those terrible deeds— You won't get away with it, never!!"
"Oh? Who is going to stop me? You, or maybe him? Or maybe God? Unfortunately, there is no God in this world. Apart from me, hehe!"
Sugou said with his voice mixing together with that annoying laugh as he stepped down on my head, hard. Unable to endure the pressure from the gravity, I was pushed to the floor.
"Stop this, you coward!!"
Asuna yelled, but Sugou did not lend an ear to her cries. Instead, bending over me, he extracted my sword from the sheathe on my back. Standing up, he held it up with his forefinger then spun it around.
"—Well, Kirigaya-kun, no... I should call you Kirito. I did not think you would actually come here. Is it bravery or stupidity? Since you are in this situation it must be the latter, hehe. I heard that my little bird had escaped from her cage. Thinking that this time she must be punished I hurriedly returned, but what a surprise! It seems a cockroach had gotten lost in the cage! —Come to think of it, there was also that one strange program..." Sugou paused, and waving his left hand, quickly brought out his menu window. His lips curved while he looked at the luminescent blue screen for a moment, and humming in a nasal tone, he closed the window.
"...It escaped? What was that anyway? In the first place, how did you climb up to this place?"
Knowing that at least Yui hadn't been deleted, I felt slightly relieved and said:
"I flew here, with this pair of wings."
"—Well, alright. I'll understand if I ask the contents of your head directly."
"...What?"
"You didn't think that I would make this kind of place while raving drunk right?"
While bouncing my sword with his finger, Sugou wore a smile that dripped venom.
"With the devoted cooperation of former SAO players, my research into the fundamental operations of thought and memory is already 80% complete. A little more and I will be able to control the soul which no one has ever accomplished. That has always been called the work of god! Besides, I have happily obtained a new experimental body today. It makes me so happy. Looking through your memories, rewriting your emotions!! Just the thought of it makes me tremble!!"
"No way... that, you can do that..."
I whispered while I was still trying to master my disbelief after that far too insane speech. Sugou put his foot on my head again, tapping his toes.
"You learned nothing and connected using Nerve Gear right? Then it puts you in the exact same position as my other experimental bodies. After all, children are stupid. Even a dog remembers what not to do once it gets kicked. "
"That... That kind of thing will not be forgiven, Sugou!!"
Asuna shouted with a bloodless face.
"If you put a hand on Kirito, I'll never forgive you!!"
"Little bird, it is near the day when I'll be able to turn your hatred into absolute obedience with the flip of a switch."
After Sugou said that with an intoxicated expression, he held my sword and caressed the blade with the fingertips of his left hand.
"Well, let's have a fun party before I change your soul! Yeah... finally, I've long been waiting for this moment. Since the best guest has shown up, it's worth waiting till the limit of my patience!!"
Sugou turned around, opening his arms wide.
"Now, I am recording all logs of this space! Show me a good look!!"
"......"
Asuna bit her lip, and staring into my eyes, whispered quickly.
"...Kirito-kun, log out right now. In the real world you can expose Sugou's plot. I will be fine." "Asuna...!"
I felt torn in two directions for a moment. But immediately nodded and waved my left hand. If there was this much information, it was likely I could get a rescue team without physical evidence. As long as we could control RECTO Progress' ALO server, everything would head toward being solved.
—But. The window did not appear.
"Ahahahahahaha!!"
Sugou bent over, holding his stomach as he convulsed in laughter.
"I told you, this is my world! Nobody can escape from here!!"
Sugou danced around happily, suddenly lifting his left hand. After his fingers manipulated the menu two chains seemed to fall from the sky in the endless darkness with a jangling sound.
There was a jarring metallic sound as they hit the floor. Wide metal rings hung from the end of the chains, Sugou took one of the rings and placed it around Asuna's right wrist with a noisy 'kaching' sound. Then, the chain extending into the darkness was tugged lightly.
"Kya!"
The chain was drawn up suddenly and Asuna's right hand was lifted up high. Her toes were barely touching the floor when the chains stopped.
"You bastard... what are you...!"
I cried out, but Sugou did not even spare me a look while humming a song and taking hold of the other handcuff ring.
"I did have a variety of toys prepared. Well, I will start over here first."
While saying that, the ring was shackled to Asuna's left wrist and the chain was retracted. With the other side drawn up, Asuna was suspended in mid-air with the appearance like she was being hauled up by both hands. Seemingly still under the influence of intense gravity, the curvature of her elegant eyebrows was distorted.
As Sugou stood before Asuna with his arms crossed, he gave her a vulgar whistle.
"How nice, this face can't be made by an NPC woman after all."
"...!"
Asuna glared at Sugou and shut her eyelids tightly with her head bowed. Sugou chuckled, a 'kuku' sound emerging from the back of his throat, as he turned and slowly walked behind Asuna. He took a bunch of her long hair in hand and inhaled, taking a deep breath of its scent.
"Mmm, a good fragrance. It was a struggle to reproduce the scent of the real world's Asuna-kun. I wanted you to appreciate the effort of bringing the analyzer to the hospital room."
"Stop... Sugou!!"
An unbearable anger pierced through my whole body. Red flames ran throughout my nerves, in an instant the pressure holding my body blew away.
"Gu... oh..."
I propped myself up with my right hand and tore my body off the floor. Standing on one knee, I gradually lifted myself using all of the power in my body.
Sugou made a dramatic gesture at his waist with his left hand while shaking his head from side to side. He walked in front of me twisting his mouth.
"My, my, the audience should behave... and stay there grovelling!!"
Standing right beside me, he suddenly kicked both my legs. I lost my support and slammed to the floor.
"Guhah!!"
My lungs were emptied from the impact, involuntarily making that sound. With my hands once again propped on the floor my head looked upwards. Sugou hung a venomous smile across his lips— while holding my sword in his right hand he stabbed me in the back without remorse.
"Gah...!"
The flames coursing through my nerves were extinguished by the sensation of thick metal piercing through my body. The center of my chest was pierced through by the sword, which seemed to be deeply rooted in the floor. Though there was no pain, I was being assaulted by intense discomfort.
"Ki... Kirito-kun!!"
Hearing Asuna's cry, I met her gaze while trying to tell her 'I'm fine'.
However, faster than my voice could come out, Sugou suddenly spoke out to the darkness in the sky above with a booming voice.
"System command! Pain Absorption, change to level 8."
That moment, a sharp cone of pure pain spread through my back, as if I was stabbed.
"G... Guh..."
When a groan leaked out of my mouth, Sugou howled in laughter.
"Kukuku, there's still two more treats for you. The pain will get stronger gradually so look forward to enjoying it. When it gets lower than level 3, I'm afraid it seems you'll still feel the symptoms of shock even after logging out."
With a clap of his hands as if he were saying 'Now then...', he returned to behind Asuna.
"F-... Free Kirito-kun right now, Sugou!"
Asuna cried, but of course, Sugou showed no sign of having heard her.
"You know, I hate brats like that the most. Although he has neither the ability or the background, a noisy insect. Kuku, like insects in the specimen box, they must be pinned and stopped. Besides, you're hardly in the condition to worry about him, are you little bird?"
From behind Asuna, Sugou stretched out his right hand and stroked her cheek with his index finger. Asuna twisted her neck trying to avoid it, but it didn't happen as she wanted due to the severe gravity. His finger crept about her face and before long moved down to her neck. Asuna's face was distorted in disgust.
"Stop... Sugou!"
I cried out, while desperately trying to push up my body. Asuna gave a resolute smile and with a trembling voice, said:
"—Do not worry, Kirito-kun. I won't be hurt by such a thing."
That moment, a squeaky laughter with a 'kiki' sound came from Sugou.
"It has to be like this, after all. How long do you think your pride will sustain you— 30 minutes? An hour? Perhaps a whole day? Prolong it as long as possible, this pleasure!!"
While shouting, he grabbed the red ribbon at the collar of Asuna's dress with his right hand. As he pulled, the cloth stretched and tore. The thin blood-red ribbon fluttered through the air without a sound and landed on the ground before my eyes.
From the torn dress the pure white skin of her chest was greatly exposed. Asuna's face was distorted in humiliation and her eyes shut so tightly she shook.
Sugou bent back, laughing with a smirk while stretching his right hand out to Asuna's bare skin. His lips opened in the shape of a crescent moon and he stuck out his vivid red tongue. While making a sound of dripping mucus, he licked from below Asuna's cheek up.
"Ku, ku, shall I tell you what I am thinking about?"
Sugou said in a voice tinged with a fevered madness while his tongue was still sticking out near Asuna's ear.
"Once I fully enjoy this place I'll go to your hospital room. If I lock the door and turn off the camera, that room becomes a secret room. You and I, just the two of us. I'll set up a large monitor and run today's recording and enjoy myself with the other you! I'll take my time and go carefully. After all, it is your real body. After taking the purity of your heart here, I'll take the purity of your body there!! So fun, a truly unique experience!!"
Sugou's shrill laugh turned my guts inside out as it echoed in the darkness.
Asuna opened her eyes wide for a moment, her lips courageously pulled tight.
However, the fear she couldn't control collected in the corners of her eyes. As the two tears dripped down her long eyelashes Sugou's tongue licked them up.
"Ah... sweet, so sweet! Come on, cry for me some more!!"
A white-hot rage that could incinerate everything pierced straight through my head, scattering violent sparks through my vision.
"Sugou... you bastard... YOU BASTAAAARD!!"
I screamed, recklessly moving my limbs as I tried to stand up. But the sword through me did not even budge.
I felt tears overflowing from both of my eyes. Crawling like an unsightly insect and struggling, I roared.
"You bastard... I'll kill you!! KILL!! I WILL DEFINITELY KILL YOU!!"
I cried, but all that was drowned out by Sugou's mad-sounding laughter.

Right now, if I could borrow power...
My fingertips scratched at the floor, praying to move even a single millimeter forward.
Right now, if I were granted the power to stand up, any price would be fine. Take away my life, my soul, everything, I would not care. Whether it be a demon or a devil, it did not matter as long as that man was cut down and defeated. As long as Asuna was returned to the place she belonged.
Sugou stroked Asuna's arm and leg with both hands, caressing them. Every move of his hand was probably causing a strong pulse of sensory stimulation in her. Asuna bit her lips so hard she started bleeding, enduring the humiliation.
With that figure in my vision, I felt my thoughts turning white, cut off by a searing white sensation. The flames of anger and despair consumed me. My remaining thought processes were turned to ash. If my soul became like the color of a lump of dry bones, I would not have to think. There would be no need to think.
If I had a sword, I thought I could do anything. Because I was the hero who stood at the top of 10,000 swordsmen. I defeated the demon king, the hero who saved the world.
The virtual world was merely assembled based on the marketing theory of companies, simply a game. Being caught up in thinking it was another reality, I was deluded into thinking that the strength gained in that world was real strength. Freed from the world of SAO— or expelled, after returning to the real world, was I not disappointed with my meager body of flesh? Somewhere in my heart, did I not yearn to return to that world, the world where I was the strongest hero?
Which is why you, after learning of Asuna's mind being in a new game world, thought you could do something about it with your own power and came blindly. When the thing you truly should have done was to leave it to the adults with power in the real world. After regaining the illusory power once again, overwhelming the other players, was it not to please myself by satisfying my ugly pride?
Then this result— was what I deserved. That's right, you were only using the power granted by someone else, getting excited like an innocent kid. Merely having one ID could not overwhelm something called system administration privileges. Only one thing was certain, regret. If I didn't like it, I had to abandon the thought.

?Running away??

—Not so, I acknowledged the reality.

?Do you surrender? To the power of the system you have defeated before??

—It can't be helped. I am a player, that guy is a game master.

?Those are words that defile that battle. Where I was made to recognize that the power of the human will can surpass the system, made to comprehend the possibilities of the future, our battle.?

—Battle? Such a thing is nonsense. Isn't it simply a thing that would increase or decrease numbers?

?You should know that isn't so. Now stand. Stand and take hold of the sword.?

?—STAND, KIRITO-KUN!!?

That voice was like a thundering roar, it tore through my consciousness like lightning.
The senses that had been fading seemed to reconnect in an instant. My eyes opened widely.
"Wu... oh..."
Leaked from my throat in a hoarse voice.
"O.... OOoh..."
I clenched my teeth and put my right hand to the floor, pushing myself to my elbows with a voice that sounded like the cry from a beast near death.
When I tried to lift my body, the sword which had pierced through the middle of my spine hung with an overwhelming pressure.
—I can't stay grovelling miserably under such a thing. This attack with no soul, surrendering to it was unforgivable. The barrage of every blade in that world was more heavy. More painful.
"Wu... Gu, ooh!!"
Together with the short roar, I used all the power of my body and soul to lift myself up. With a dull 'shuit' sound the sword left the floor, slipped out of my back, and rolled to the ground.
Sugou stared with a dumbfounded expression as I staggered to my feet. Soon, he made a displeased face and took his hands away from Asuna's body, shrugging theatrically.
"My my, I thought I had fixed the coordinates of the object, I wonder if it still has a strange bug. When it comes to our management team's incompetence......"
He muttered as he walked toward me. Raising his right fist, he sent it flying to punch my cheek.
I stretched out my left hand, grabbing his fist in midair.
"Oh...?"
I looked into Sugou's surprised eyes, opening my mouth. A set of words echoed in the depths of my mind, I repeated them.
"System Login. ID «Heathcliff». Password....."
The gravity which was wrapped around my body disappeared as soon as I finished reciting the complex series of alphanumeric characters.
"Wha... What!? What is that ID!?"
When Sugou bared his teeth and cried out in surprise, he shook off my hand and flew back a step. He waved his left hand downward and a blue system menu appeared.
Before that guy could even move a finger, a Voice Command emitted from my mouth.
"System command. Supervisor Authority Change. ID «Oberon» to level 1."
In a split second, the window disappeared from under Sugou's hand. He stared with his eyes looking back and forth several times between my face and the empty space where the window was, waving his left hand again in frustration.
However, nothing would happen. The scroll of magic which gave Sugou the power of the Fairy King wouldn't emerge.
"A... An ID of a higher rank than mine...? Unbelievable... This shouldn't be possible... I am the ruler... The creator... The Emperor of this world... God..."
Sugou kept talking in a high-pitched voice that sounded like an audio sample played back at high speed. I spoke while looking at the pretty face collapsed into ugliness.
"That isn't so, right? You stole it. The world. The residents there. A thieving king that dances all alone on his stolen throne."
"Thi... this punk of a kid... me... actually dares to say that to me... I'll make you regret it... I'll take your head off and make it an ornament..."
Sugou thrust a forefinger bent like a hook at me and screamed in a shrill voice.
"System Command!! Object ID «Excaliber» Generate!!"
However, the system was no longer responding to Sugou's voice.
"System Command!! Listen to me you piece of junk!! God... God is commanding you!!" At his screams, I averted my eyes from Sugou. I looked at Asuna who was still hanging off of the ground.
Her radiant dress was ripped and only shreds covered her body, her hair disheveled, and there were streaks of light that were tears on her cheeks. But her eyes had not lost their shine. That strong whip did not break her tenacious spirit.
—It'll be over soon. Wait just a little more.
I whispered in my mind, looking into Asuna's hazel-colored eyes. It was a small motion, but Asuna nodded.
A new flame of anger rose in me when I looked at Asuna's oppressed figure. I looked up slightly and said:
"System Command. Object ID «Excaliber» Generate."
The space before me began to distort when I said that. Minuscule numbers flowed out in a rush to form a single sword. The color and texture were given gradually from the tip down. With a blade giving off a golden gleam, it was a longsword engraved with beautiful decorations. There was no doubt it was the same weapon that had been sealed at the end of the dungeon in Jötunheimr. The strongest sword which was the dream of many players, and it appeared on one command, not a particularly pleasant feeling.
I grabbed the hilt of the sword and threw it to a wide-eyed Sugou. After seeing him catch it in a dangerous manner I gently lifted my left foot.
My sword flew up into the darkness from where it had rolled before when I stepped hard on its pommel. Rotating through the air, it dropped toward my right hand with a flash of its blued steel. With a heavy sound, the sword fell into my hand.
When I had pointed my unwieldy black iron greatsword at Sugou, I said:


"It's time to settle this. The thieving king against the pretend hero... System Command. Pain Absorption to level 0."
"Wha... What...?"
Hearing the command to raise the virtual pain without restriction, the color drained from the cheeks of the Fairy King wielding the golden sword. He edged back one step, two steps.
"Don't try to escape. That man had no hesitation whatsoever in any situation. That— Kayaba Akihiko."
"Ka... Kaya..."
Hearing that name, Sugou's face became extremely warped.
"Kayaba... Heathcliff... so it's you... You're getting in my way again!!"
Waving the sword in his right hand high above his head, he screamed in a voice that would tear metal.
"You died! You bit the dust!! Why should you hinder me even in death!! You were always like this... Always always!! Always making that face like you understood everything... snatching away all the things I wanted by the edge!!"
Sugou shouted, suddenly thrusting his sword towards me before continuing.
"A brat like you... What could you possibly understand!! What it's like to be below him... What it means to compete with him, how could you possibly understand what it's like!?"
"I understand. I became a servant after being defeated by that man too. —But I never thought of becoming like him. Unlike you."
"Brat... This brat... THIS BRAAAAAT!!"
Sugou kicked off the ground with a scream that turned inside out and brandished his sword. As soon as I observed an opening, I cleave down the sword in my right hand and the tip of my sword sliced through the smooth cheek of the Fairy King.
"AAah!!"
Sugou cried as he held his cheek with his left hand and jumped back.
"It... HUUURTS...!"
The scream from the wide-eyed figure only served to further ignite my rage. The thought that Asuna was under this man's oppression for two months was unbearable. Taking a large step forward, I brought down my sword. Sugou instinctively raised his right hand to block and my sword severed his wrist. The hand and the golden sword being wielded disappeared into the darkness. The sound of it falling somewhere far away echoed clearly.
"AAAAAAaaah!! Hand... My haaaaand!!"
It was a pseudo-electrical signal, but that was why Sugou would be feeling pure pain. Of course, it wasn't enough. There was no way it could be enough.
I swung my sword with brute force at the green robes wrapping Sugou's torso while he was holding onto the stump on his forearm and moaning.
"Guboaaaa!!"
The stomach of the tall, handsome body was dissected apart in two equal halves, rolling to the floor with a severe noise. The lower half was immediately engulfed in rising white flames and collapsed after being burned.
Grabbing Sugou's long wavy blond hair in my left hand, I lifted him up. He continued to scream in a metallic voice out of a quivering mouth that was opening and closing, while tears drained from eyes which were stretched open to the limit.
His figure could only evoke disgust in me. I swung my left hand, throwing his upper torso straight down.
Holding my greatsword with both hands, I took a stance above him. Watching the sword drop, he released a harsh scream -.
"...Uoooo!!"
I brought the sword down with all of my strength. With a noisy 'Gatsutsu' sound, the blade went through Sugou's right eye and exited from the back of his head.
"Gyaaaaaaaaa!"
The unpleasant scream echoing in the darkness was like several thousand broken gears scraping against each other as they turned. The right eye was divided in two on the left and right sides of my sword. Sticky white flame erupted, quickly spreading from the head to the upper body.
He turned ghost-like and kept dissolving, and for the several seconds before completely disappearing Sugou continued crying without stop. The scream slowly faded, and before long, the figure disappeared. Silence returned to the world, and I waved my sword, scattering the white embers.

With a gentle swing of my sword, the two chains binding Asuna shattered and disappeared. I let go of my sword, its job complete. I held Asuna as she slipped to the ground, her body gone limp.
The energy supporting my body also ran out and I slid to one knee on the ground. I looked at Asuna in my hands.
"...Ugh..."
The torrent of helpless feelings changed form and began flowing from my eyes as tears. Tightly holding Asuna's slender body, my face buried in her hair, I cried. I couldn't say anything, I just kept crying.
"—I believed."
Asuna's clear voice shook my ears.
"...Yes, I believed. ...Up until now, from here on. You are my hero... You will always come to help me..."
Gentle hands stroked my hair.
—That's not it. I... I actually had no power...
However, I took a big breath, and said in a trembling voice.
"...I will do my best to be like that. Now, let's go back..."
Waving my left hand, a complex system window emerged, it was really different from normal ones. I intuitively dove into the hierarchy window, stopping when my finger landed on the transfer-related menu.
Staring into Asuna's eyes, I said:
"In the real world it is probably already night. But I will go to your hospital room immediately."
"Yeah, I'll wait. It will be nice to see Kirito-kun first."
Asuna smiled brilliantly. She looked at some far-off place, with crystal clear eyes, and whispered:
"Ah... finally, it ended. I will return... to that world."
"That's right. ...It changed in various ways, you will be surprised."
"Fufu. Let's go to a lot of places and do many things."
"Yeah. —For sure."
I nodded holding tightly to Asuna and moved my right hand. I touched the log out button, with my finger-tip glowing blue waiting for a target, I gently wiped away the tears flowing down Asuna's cheeks.
Then, blue light wrapped around Asuna's white body. Little by little, Asuna became more transparent like crystal. Particles of light came from her fingers and toes, dancing through the air before disappearing.
Until Asuna completely disappeared, I was holding on to her body tightly. Finally, the weight in my arms vanished and I was left alone in the darkness.
For the moment, I remained crouching.
In addition to feeling that everything was over, there was also the feeling of a large amount of progress. Yet this incident caused by Kayaba's fantasy and Sugou's ambition— Is this the so-called ending? Or is it just another big turning point?
I forced myself to stand up somehow with a body that was running out of energy. I looked above in the dazzling darkness extending to the depths of the world, and whispered alone.
"—You're there aren't you, Heathcliff?"
After a moment of silence a rusty voice sounded in my consciousness, the same one as earlier.
?It has been a long time, Kirito-kun. Though for me— the events of that day seem like just yesterday.?
It was different this time, as the voice seemed to reach me from some far-off place.
"—Are you alive?"
With that short question, I heard an answer after the briefest instant of silence.
?You could say that I am, and you could say that I'm not. In a sense, I am— an echo of Kayaba Akihiko's consciousness, an afterimage.?
"As usual, you're a person that says things in a confusing way. I'll express my gratitude for the time being— At any rate, it would have been nicer of you to have come out and helped us earlier."
?......?
The presence of a wry smile being revealed.
?That was unfortunate, my apologies. The time when the decentralized preservation system connected and awakened my program was just a bit ago— when I had heard your voice. There is no need for thanks.?
"...Why?"
?You and I aren't on friendly enough terms to accept free favors. I need to have compensation of course, naturally.?
This time it was my turn to smile wryly.
"Then tell me what needs to be done."
Then, from the distant darkness, some kind of— silver shining object fell. I reached out and it settled into my hands with a faint sound. It was a small, egg-shaped crystal. Within the crystal a dim light was blinking.
"This is?"
?It is a world seed.?
"—What?"
?When it sprouts, you will understand. I entrust you with the decision of what to do with it afterwards. Deleting it is fine, forgetting it is fine... However, if you have any feelings other than hatred left for that world...?
The voice broke off there. Following a short silence, only a curt farewell descended.
?- Well then, I'll be going. May we meet again some day, Kirito-kun.?
Then suddenly, the presence vanished.
I twisted my head around, dropping the shiny egg into my breast pocket for the meantime. Lost in thought for a while, I lifted my face.
"—Yui, are you here? Are you okay!?"
As soon as I cried out, the world of darkness split open along a straight line.
Orange light quickly shone through, cutting up the dark curtain. The wind blew in at the same time carrying away the darkness. It was so beautiful and dazzling that I had to momentarily close my eyes. I opened them cautiously and found myself back in the birdcage.
In front of me, the huge setting sun was giving off its last light before falling below the horizon. There were no human figures, just the sound of the wind.
"—Yui?"
Calling out once again, light condensed in front of my eyes, and a dark-haired little girl appeared with a crackling pop.
"Papa!!"
With a resonant cry Yui jumped into my chest, hugging my neck tightly.
"You were safe. —Thank goodness..."
"Yes... When it looked like my address was going to be locked all of a sudden, I retreated to the Nerve Gear's local memory. I managed to connect again, but both Mama and Papa were gone... I was worried. —Mama is...?"
"Ah, she returned... to the real world."
"I see... that's great... truly..."
Yui closed her eyes and put her cheek to my chest. I sensed a faint shadow of loneliness from her and gently stroked her long hair.
"—Soon, we'll come see you again. But... I wonder what will become of it, this world..."
After my muttering, Yui grinned and spoke.
"My core program is not part of this place but stored in Papa's Nerve Gear. We'll always be together. —Oh, but it is strange..."
"What's the matter?"
"A rather large file has been transferred to your Nerve Gear's storage.... though it does not seem to be active..."
"Hmm..."
I tilted my head, but put aside the question for now. Rather, there was something else I needed to do no matter what.
"—Well, I'm going. To meet your Mama."
"Yes. Papa— I love you."
Exuding wispy tears, I hugged Yui strongly while stroking her head and waved my right hand.
Just before I pressed the button, I stopped and watched the world dyed in the colors of sunset. This world that was ruled by a false king, what would happen to this world now that he was gone? My heart ached when I thought of Lyfa and the other players who loved this world so deeply.
I gently kissed Yui's cheeks and moved my finger deeply. Radial light spread through my vision, it wrapped my awareness and carried me higher and higher.

I felt a deep sense of exhaustion when I opened my eyes. In front of my eyes was Suguha's face and she was looking at my face with a worried expression. When our eyes met she hurriedly stood up.
"S-, sorry, I entered your room without permission. When you didn't come back for a long while, I became worried..."
Suguha said, with her cheeks slightly flushed as she sat on the edge of my bed. After a little time lag my limbs regained a sense of connection and I forcefully push my upper body up.
"Sorry I was late."
"...is it all over?"
"—Yeah... finished... everything..."
For a moment I stared into space while answering. Being in a dangerous situation in the virtual world and getting captured, but this time imprisoned without being able to be cleared, wasn't something I could tell Suguha. Eventually I would tell her everything, but right now I don't want her to be more worried. This one and only younger sister who had already saved me more times than words could tell.
That one late night in the forest, I met a green-haired girl and my new adventure started— during the whole long journey, she was always with me. She showed me the way, taught me about the scenery and protected me with her sword. If she hadn't introduced me to the two lords and made friends with them, I definitely would not have been able to break through the wall of the guardian knights.
Looking back, I also received the help from a huge number of people. But of course, the most help came from the girl in front of my eyes. When I was Kirito and she was Lyfa, and when I was Kazuto and she was Suguha, she helped and supported me, but at the same time her small shoulders carried a deep anguish.
Once again I stared at Suguha's face, it had both the dazzling activeness of a boy, and a newly sprouted green leaf's evanescence. I reached out a hand and gently patted her head, Suguha gave a small smile of embarrassment.
"Really— Really thank you very much, Sugu. If you weren't here, I wouldn't have been able to do anything."
Suguha's face became even redder and she lowered her head. She fidgeted for a bit, then she made up her mind and rested her cheek against my chest.
"Yeah... I was happy. In onii-chan's world, I was able to help onii-chan."
Suguha whispered with her eyes closed. With my right hand, I gently held her back and gave her a quick squeeze.
After I let go, Suguha looked up at me and said.
"Then... you got her back, right? That person— Asuna-san..."
"Yeah. Finally— She is back at last... Sugu, I......"
"Yes. Go, surely she is waiting for onii-chan."
"Sorry. I'll tell you the details when I get back."
I put a hand on Suguha's head and stood up.
I got dressed in record time, but paused on the porch in my down-jacket. It was completely dark outside. The hands of the antique wall clock which hung in the living room pointed to a time shortly before 9:00 PM. Visiting hours were over long ago, but the situation was the situation. If I told the circumstances at the nurses station, I might be able to get in.
Suguha immediately ran up to me, 'I made this', and handed me a thick sandwich. I accepted it gratefully and bit on it, then opened the patio door and walked down to the yard.
"C, cold..."
I ducked my head when I realized the cold was penetrating my jacket. Suguha looked up at the dark night sky and said.
"Ah... snow."
"Oh..."
Indeed, there were two or three large white snowflakes that came floating down. I hesitated a moment about whether to call a taxi. If I did that though, I would have to wait then walk to the main road to be picked up, so it would be faster to just use my bicycle.
"Be careful. ... Say hello to Asuna for me."
"Yeah. Next time, I'll introduce you properly."
I waved goodbye to Suguha and sitting astride my mountain bike, I started pedaling.

I let my bike run at full speed, and the crazy speed blew the thoughts out of my head as I flew through south Saitama. The snow gradually started falling down harder but it didn't accumulate, and the reduced traffic density was helpful.
I wanted to reach Asuna in the hospital as quickly as possible— But at the same time, I was partly afraid of what I might find. For the past two months, I had visited that room every other day, always tasting bitter disappointment. Wondering if she would become a cold statue like that, I took her hand while she was silently imprisoned in sleep. I kept calling her name even though it never reached her.
Like this, while moving down this road, I even remember the gaps, finding her in the fairy kingdom, defeating the fake king, and freeing her from chains might just be my fantasy.
If I visited her hospital room a few minutes later and Asuna did not wake up.
Her soul was no longer in ALfheim, but she still did not return to reality— Once again, she might have vanished to some unknown place.
It wasn't only the snow hitting my face in the dark night that was causing the terrible chill to run up my back. No, there couldn't be such a thing. The system that governs the world by the name of reality couldn't be that ruthless.
While my tangled thoughts intertwined I continued pedaling. I turned right on the highway into the hills. My deep tread block-tires acted as a shovel to bite and kick into the thin snow on the asphalt, accelerating my bike.
Before long, the shadow of a huge building appeared in front of me. Most of the lights were out, but a blue light flashed from the helipad on the roof like a will-o-the-wisp trying to attract victims to the castle of darkness.
A high iron fence appeared when I finished climbing the hill. I rode along it for tens of seconds longer. I finally reached the front gate, protected by especially tall gateposts.
Because it was a highly specialized medical facility, it didn't accept emergency cases. The gates were already tightly closed and the guard box was unmanned. I rode past the entrance to the main parking lot and entered through the small staff entrance.
I parked my bike at the end of the parking lot. It was too irritating to lock it up so I ran on. In the orange light cast by sodium floodlights I could see the parking lot was completely deserted. The silence was broken only by the snow falling from the sky, painting the world white. I continued running while exhaling clouds of steam with my rough breathing.
Half way across the vast parking lot, as I was about to pass between a tall dark-colored van and a white sedan, at that moment.
I almost collided with the shadow of a person rushing out from behind the van.
"Ah..."
'Excuse me', I was about to say while trying to dodge, something crossed my vision—
Flash, a vivid shine of metal slashed at me.
"—!?"
Right after, heat blossomed on my right arm, just below the elbow. At the same time a lot of white scattered. It wasn't snow flakes. It was fine white feathers. The insulation from my down-jacket.
I staggered back, somehow colliding with the rear of the white sedan and managed to stop.
I could not understand the current situation. While stunned, I looked at the black shadow about two meters away from me. It was a man. He was wearing a suit that was nearly black. He was holding something long, slender, and white in his right hand. It shone dully in the orange light.
A knife. A large survival knife. But, why.
My face froze as I felt the stare of the man in the shadow of the van. He was moving his lips, but what came out was a hoarse whisper.
"You're late, Kirito-kun. What if you make me catch a cold?"
That voice. It was a high-pitched, sticky voice.
"Su... Sugou..."
I was stunned, at the same time I called out his name, the man took a step forward. The sodium lamps illuminated his face.
Compared to a few days ago, his smooth combed hair had become severely disturbed and there were several days worth of beard covering his sharp jaw. His neck-tie was almost completely untied and hung loosely around his neck.
And also— Strange eyes peered out at me from behind metal framed glasses. The reason was apparent at once. Even though his eyes were open as wide as possible, his left eye had dilated adapting to the darkness of night while his right eye was small and contracting. In the World Tree, that was where he was pierced with my sword.
"You did a cruel thing, Kirito-kun."
Sugou said in a rasping voice.
"The sense of pain has not disappeared yet. Well, there are various good medicines, so it does not matter."
His right hand thrust into his suit pocket, grabbed a few capsules and threw them in his mouth. With a Kacha Kacha sound he started chewing, and Sugou took another step toward me. Finally recovering from my shock, I managed to move my dry lips.
"—Sugou, you are already finished. You have gone too far to cover things up. Receive judgement obediently."
"Finished? What? Nothing is over yet. Well, Recto is unusable now. I'll go to America. There are a lot of companies which want my expertise. I have now accumulated a large amount of experimental data. If I use that to complete my study, I will become the true king— true god— this real world's god."
—He's crazy. No, perhaps he had been broken for a long time.
"Before that, there are some issues I have to take care of. First, I will kill you, Kirito-kun."
After he finished talking in a subdued voice without a change in expression, Sugou briskly approached me. The knife in his right hand casually moved toward my eyes.
"...!!"
I kicked off the asphalt with my right foot, trying to avoid it. However, because of the snow under my shoe, I slipped and lost my balance, collapsing on the parking lot. I landed hard on my left side, the breath leaving my body.
Sugou looked down at me with pupils which couldn't seem to focus.
"Hey, stand up."
After that, he kicked me in my thigh with the tip of his expensive shoe. Twice. Thrice. Hot pain ran up my spinal chord, echoing in the back of my head. It also reverberated through my right arm creating a sharp pain. I finally noticed that there was a cut not only in my jacket but also on my arm.
I could not move. I could not make a sound. The survival knife that Sugou was holding— the longer than 20 centimeter blade, the heavy pressure of that murderous tool, made me freeze.
Kill—? Me—? With that knife—?
My fragmented thoughts flowed and disappeared. That thick blade, penetrating my body silently, deadly— As the words showed, taking my life with a fatal wound, I imagined that instant again and again. Besides that, there was nothing I could do.
The pain in my right arm became a dull heat. Several drops of dark liquid dripped from the gap between the cuff of my winter jacket and glove. I began to imagine the blood flowing from my body endlessly. A clear and real image of «death» which wasn't a numerical value in a HP bar.
"Hey, stand up. Just stand up."
Sugou mechanically kicked and stepped on my feet again and again.
"You, what you said to me over there. Don't run away? Don't hesitate? Let's settle this? You said them arrogantly."
I heard him whisper, Sugou's voice filled with the same colors of insanity as I heard in the darkness over there.
"You understand now? A little shit like you with no ability but games, and no true power at all. That's what you call inferior trash. Nevertheless, you thwarted me, this me... Naturally, the punishment for your sins is death. It is impossible for it to be anything other than death."
After speaking in a tone without inflection, Sugou put his left foot on my belly, and changed his center of gravity. From the physical pressure and the mental pressure as he released his madness, I lost my breath.
I watched Sugou's face as he approached, taking shallow, irregular, rapid breaths. While bending, Sugou held the weapon in his right hand high above his head.
Without blinking, he swung it down.
"—gh"
A stiff sound leaked from the back of my throat—
Along with a dull metallic sound, the tip of the knife grazed my cheek and dug into the asphalt at the same time.
"Ah... my right eye is blurry, my aim was off."
Sugou muttered as he raised the knife high again.
The edge of the knife was dazzling in the light of the sodium lamps, and drew an orange line in the darkness.
Maybe it was because he hit the hard road with it, but the knife tip was slightly fragmented. That flaw gave the knife a more realistic physical presence as a weapon. Rather than a polygon weapon, it was made of condensed metal molecules, heavy and cold, and genuine lethal blade.
Everything seemed to slow down. Snow which fell from the dark sky. The mass of air expelled from Sugou's mouth. The knife which was descending toward me. The blinking of the orange light reflected from the serrations carved in the blade.
That reminds me, there was a jagged weapon like that...
A piece of meaningless memory flowed to the surface of my stopped thought.
What was that? It was a dagger type item sold in the middle layers of Aincrad. I think it was called «Sword Breaker». If you parry the enemy's weapon on the saw shaped back portion, there was a slight bonus increasing the chance of destroying their weapon. Because it seemed interesting, I placed the dagger skill in the skill slot and used it for a while, but wasn't satisfied with it due to its low base offensive ability.
The weapon Sugou was holding now was even smaller than that. It couldn't even be called a dagger. No— Such a thing couldn't even be categorized as a weapon. It was a tool for daily work. It wasn't a thing a swordsman would use to fight.
In the depth of my ears, I heard Sugou's words from a few seconds ago.
True power, possessing nothing of that—
Yes... that's right. It didn't even need to be said. But who are you to be saying you would kill me, Sugou? A master of the knife skills? Martial arts expert?
I looked behind Sugou's glasses, his small eyes seemed to be dyed the color of blood. Excitement. Madness. But they also held something else. Those were the eyes of someone trying to escape. Those were the same eyes that someone who was surrounded by hordes of monsters in a dungeon, falling into a desperate deadly situation, the eyes of someone who swung their sword in a frenzy, trying to intercept reality.
This guy was the same as me. Continuing to chase power, but unable to obtain it, just moving in ugly steps.
"...Die, you bratttt!!"
Sugou's scream pulled my consciousness back from the world moving at slow speed.
I raised my left hand like a magnet and caught Sugou's right wrist as he swung it down. At the same time, I stretched out my right arm and shoved my thumb into the hollow of his throat beside his loose tie.
"Guu!!"
With a grunt, Sugou leaned back. I twisted my body, grabbing Sugou's right hand with both of my hands, and slammed his hand on the frozen asphalt with all my might. His hand came loose with a scream, and the knife rolled away on the road.
Screaming shrilly like a whistle, Sugou jumped toward the knife. I bent my right leg, letting it fly, my shoe's sole impacting on his jaw. I scoop up the knife and used the recoil to stand up.
"Sugou..."
From my throat came a voice that cracked so badly that I could hardly believe it was my own.
Through the glove on my right hand, I felt the presence of the cold, hard knife. It was a poor weapon. Too light, with no reach.
"But it is enough to kill you."
After whispering, I turned to Sugou who was looking up at me with a blank face while sitting on the asphalt, then sprang at him fiercely.
I grabbed his hair and head in my left hand and slammed it into the door of the van. With a dull sound the car's aluminium body was dented, and his glasses flew away. Sugou's mouth opened hugely. Aiming for his throat, I moved my right hand with the knife without hesitation—
"Guu... Uuu...!"
I stopped my arm there, gritting my teeth.
"Iii! Hiii! Iiiii!!"
Sugou was making the same sound as he had in that world just ten minutes or so ago, with that high-pitched scream.
It was natural for this man to die. It was natural that he be judged. It would all be over if I brought down my right hand. It was the settlement. The full victor and the defeated were decided.
However—
I'm no longer a swordsman. That world where everything was determined by the skill of one's sword has already been left far in the past.
"Hiiiiii..."
Suddenly, Sugou's eyes rolled up into his head, exposing the whites. His scream broke off, and his whole body lost strength like a machine cut off from electricity.
Strength also left my hand. Slipping from my hand, the knife rolled onto Sugou's stomach.
I also removed my left hand, and stood up.
I thought that if I had to see that man for even one more second, the impulse to kill would boil out, and I wouldn't be able to resist it again.
I ripped off his tie and rolled him over, and tied both his hands behind his back. I placed the knife on the roof of the van. I whipped my body around, back onto my original path. Then I staggered, step by step, dragging my legs while starting to run across the parking lot.

It took about five minutes to get up the wide steps to the front entrance. I stopped and took a deep breath. I looked down at my body, which I had managed to get control of.
I was in a terrible state, dirtied with snow and sand. The cuts on my left cheek and right arm had apparently stopped bleeding, while still painful.
I stood in front of the automatic doors. However, there was no sign of them opening. I peered through the glass, the main lobby was dimly lit, but a normal light was on behind the receptionist's desk. I looked from side to side. I found a small swinging glass door to the far left, and fortunately, it opened when I pushed it.
Silence filled the building. I crossed the orderly rows of benches that lined the vast lobby.
No one was at the counter, but from deep inside the adjacent nursing station, I heard pleasant chatter. Praying for a decent voice, I opened my mouth.
"Um... Excuse me!"
A few seconds after my voice echoed, a door opened and two nurses in light green uniforms appeared. They both had suspicous expressions on their faces which changed to shock when they got a good look at me.
"—What happened to you!?"
The tall, young nurse with her hair piled on her head exclaimed. Apparently, there seemed to be more bleeding on my face than I thought. I pointed in the direction of the entrance and said:
"I was attacked by a man with a knife in the parking lot. I left him unconscious on the other side of a white sedan."
Tension ran through the two women's faces. The older nurse operated a machine behind the counter, holding a small microphone near her face.
"Guards, please come to the first floor nurse station immediately."
There seems to have been a guard in the middle of patrol nearby, and a man in a deep blue uniform soon appeared with his running footsteps. The man's expression became severe after hearing the nurses' explanation. Speaking into a walkie-talkie, the guard went to the entrance. The younger nurse followed him.
After having looked at the wound on my cheek for a minute, the nurse who remained said:
"You, are the twelfth floor Yuuki-san's family right? Is that your only wound?"
There seemed to be a small misunderstanding, but I nodded without the willpower to correct it.
"I see. I'll call a doctor right away, please wait for me here."
She ran off with a 'pitter-patter' as soon as she said that.
I took a deep breath and looked around. Confirming that no one was nearby, I leaned over the counter and grabbed one of the guest pass cards from inside. I turned to the opposite direction than where the nurse went, to the hospitalization ward which I had passed many times before, and whipped my trembling feet into a run.
The elevator had stopped at the first floor. When I pressed the button, the door opened with a low chime. I leaned against the inside wall and pushed the button for the top floor. Even though the acceleration was slow for a hospital, my knee felt nearly broken from the small extra weight. I desperately held my body up.
After what I felt to be several long seconds, the elevator stopped and the door opened. I fell out of the elevator into the passage.
Asuna's room was only a few tens of meters away, but the distance seemed endless. I supported my body, which was just about to collapse, on the wall and moved forward. After turning left at the L shaped passage— In front of me, I saw a white door.
Step by step, I walked.
Same as that time -.
When I returned to the real world from the end of the virtual world surrounded by sunset, I woke up in another hospital, struggling to walk on withered legs. In my search for Asuna, there was nothing but to walk. That passage, was connected to this place.
I could finally meet her. The time had come.
As the remaining distance shrank, the various feelings in my heart grew at an alarming rate. My breathing sped up. The edges of my vision were dyed white. However, I did not succumb to collapsing there. I walked. Intently, putting my legs in front of me.
Unaware of where I was until just before reaching the door, I stopped moving my feet before colliding with it.
Beyond that, was Asuna -. It was the only thing I could think of at that point.
Lifting my trembling right hand, the card slipped out of my hand due to sweat. I picked the card back up and inserted it into the slit in the metal plate this time. Holding my breath, I quickly slid it all the way down.
The indicator light color changed, and the door opened with the sound of a motor.
Softly, the scent of flowers poured out.
The indoor lighting had been dimmed. A faint white light was coming through the window, reflected off of the snow outside.
The center of the hospital room was covered by a big curtain. There was a gel bed on the other side.
I could not move. Could not continue. I could not make a sound.
Suddenly, an unexpected voice whispered in my ear.
'Hey— she is waiting for you.'
I felt a hand gently push my shoulder.
Yui? Suguha? In the three worlds, it was the voice of someone who helped me. I took a step with my right foot. Then another step, and another step.
I stood in front of the curtains. I reached out, grasped the ends.
And pulled.
With a faint sound, like the wind across the prairie, the white veil shook and drifted.
"...Ah."
A small sound leaked from my throat.
A girl in thin medical examination clothes which resembled a light snow-white dress, sat up in the bed with her back to me, looking out the dark window on the other side. Her long lustrous hair was fluttering in the light from the dancing snow. Both of her hands lay in front of her body, holding a shining, deep-blue egg-shaped thing.
Nerve Gear. The crown of thorns that bound the girl had finished its duty and fallen silent.
"Asuna."
I whispered in a voice that was barely a sound. The girl's body greatly shook— Moving the flower scent filled air, and turned around.
Still waking up from a long slumber, her hazel eyes were filled with a dreamy light as she looked straight at me.
How many times had I dreamed of this? How many times had I prayed for this?
Out of her light-colored, wet lips, emerged a gentle smile.
"Kirito-kun."
This was the first time I heard it, that voice. It was very different from the voice I heard everyday in that world. However, shaking the air, shaking my sense of hearing, that voice that reached my consciousness, was many times, a great many times more wonderful.
Asuna removed her left hand from the Nerve Gear and held it out. That alone took considerable strength and she trembled.
Like touching a statue of snow, I gently, gently took that hand. It was painfully small and thin. However, it was warm. Like trying to heal every wound, the warmth seeped through that contact. The strength left my legs unexpectedly, and I entrusted my body to the edge of the bed.
Asuna reached out her right hand, gently touching my injured cheek, she tilted her head in question.
"Ah... the last battle, really last battle ended just a little while ago. Finished..."
While saying that, from both of my eyes, tears overflowed at last. Drops fell on my cheek, flowing to Asuna's finger, and shining in the light from the window.
"...I'm sorry, I can't hear properly yet. But... I understand, Kirito-kun's words."
Asuna stroked my cheek with care and whispered. My soul trembled as I heard that voice.
"It's finished... finally... finally... I meet you."
Tears which shone silver streamed down Asuna's cheeks. Eyes wet, staring into mine as if she was conveying her feelings, she said:
"Nice to meet you, I am Yuuki Asuna. —I'm back, Kirito-kun."
I answered, stopping the crying in my throat.
"I am Kirigaya Kazuto... Welcome back, Asuna."
Our faces came together and our lips came in contact. Lightly. Then again. Strongly.
I placed my arms around her delicate body and embraced her.

The soul went on a journey. From one world to another world. From this life into the next life.
And, longing for someone. Strongly calling to each other.
In the past, in the big castle floating in the sky, a young man dreaming of being a swordsman, met a girl who cooked wonderful food, and fell in love. Although they no longer existed, their hearts after an endless journey, finally met again.

While I stroked Asuna's back as she cried, I looked with tear covered eyes through the window. In the increasing fluttering snow, I thought I saw two shadows side by side.
One, with two swords on his back and dressed in a black coat.
The other a girl dressed in the red and white of a knight, with a rapier hanging at her waist.
They smiled, holding hands as they turned around and slowly moved far away.

Chapter 9
"Ok class, we'll stop here for today. Assignment files 25 and 26 have been sent to you, please complete and upload them by next week."
With the sound of the bell´s chime declaring an end to the morning period, the teacher turned off the large panel monitor and left the room, after which a relaxed atmosphere drifted across the vast classroom.
I manipulated the old-fashioned mouse connected to the terminal and opened the downloaded assignments for a quick glance. After sighing at the lengthy questions that were likely to be both plentiful and mind numbing, I unplugged the mouse and closed the terminal, tossing both into my backpack.
Still, that chime was quite similar to the sound of the chapel at the starting city on Aincrad's 1st floor. If they had designed the tone knowing this fact, the designers of this school building have quite a dark sense of humor.
Of course, none of the students wearing a matching uniform seemed to worry about that. They were chatting happily while leaving the classroom in groups of three and five to the cafeteria.
Zipping up my backpack, I slung it over my shoulder and was going to stand up when the boy that I got along with in the next seat looked up and spoke to me.
"Ah, Kazu, if you are going to the cafeteria, save me a seat."
Before I could answer, another student who sat next to him answered with a grin.
“Don't bother, Kazu has an audience with the «Princess» today."
"Oh, I see. Damn that's nice."
"Yeah, well, that's how it is. Sorry."
I put up my hand to forestall their usual complaining and slipped out of the classroom.
I walked briskly through the pale green hallway and out into the middle courtyard through an emergency exit, feeling relief as the sounds of lunch time faded away, I took a breath. Brand-new bricks painted a path surrounded by trees. The school building that I could see over the top of the trees was bare concrete with a cold appearance, but it was such an excellent campus that I could hardly believe it was a reused building left vacant by overall consolidation.
I followed the trail for a few more minutes, passing through a tunnel of greenery and found myself in a small round garden. Along the edge of the garden, surrounded by flowers, were plain wooden benches, one of which had a female student sitting while looking at the sky by herself.
Long brown hair hung straight down the back of her uniform's dark green blazer. Her skin was still pale white, but a tinge of red like that of roses had recently started returning to her cheeks.
Her long, slender legs were covered by taut black tights. Her figure, staring intently at the sky with the toe of her loafer making a pitter-patter sound as it tapped on the ground, was indescribably lovely. I stopped at the entrance of the garden, leaning on the trunk of a tree, continuing to watch the girl in silence.
She unexpectedly glanced over to where I was and broke into a smile as soon as she saw me. Then her face changed to a prim expression and she closed her eyes, with a 'Fuun', turning her head away.
I approached the bench with a wry smile and called out to her.
"Sorry for the wait, Asuna."
Asuna looked at me for an instant, pouting.
"Oh, why does Kirito-kun always try to watch from the shadows whenever he sees me?"
"My bad, my bad. Perhaps, I might have what it takes to be a stalker."
"Eh~......"
I sat down next to Asuna who was making an unpleasant face while leaning away, and stretched hugely.
"Ah... I'm tired... and hungry..."
"You sound like an old man, Kirito-kun."
"Actually, it felt like I've aged five years this month... Also—"
Putting my hands behind my head, I gave Asuna a sideways glance.
"It's not Kirito, but Kazuto. It's a breach of manners to use character names out here after all."
"Oh, I see. Just... then what's going to happen to me! Aren't I all exposed?"
"The reason is because you made your character name the same as your real name. ...Well, It seems I am exposed too..."
In this special «school», the students were players who had been in middle or high school before the SAO incident. Those orange players with a serious history of murder were undergoing more than one year of counseling that included treatment and observation. People like me who attacked others for self-defense, were inquired without leaving a criminal record like theft or blackmail.
People avoid using their names from Aincrad, but our faces are basically the same as in SAO. Asuna was apparently identified immediately after her admission, and I was recognized because I was well known to some upper level players, and in our long history I revealed my name and other things to them.
It was basically impossible to say that it had never happened and just forget it. It wasn't a dream, and our experiences in that world were a reality that we each had to settle in our own way.
I took Asuna's left hand, which was holding a rattan basket on her knees, in both of mine. It was still very thin, but it had recovered a lot since the day she woke up.
In order to meet the school admission date, she had been going through severe rehabilitation. Only till just recently was she able to walk without crutches, but running or rigorous exercise still seemed to be forbidden.
After her awakening, I frequently visited the hospital, seeing Asuna grit her teeth while tears flowed as she struggled through her training to walk, it pained me like my body was being cut. I quietly stroked her fingers again and again as I remembered those days.
"...Kirito-kun."
Hearing the shocked voice, I looked up to see a slight blush on her face.
"Don't you know? We are clearly visible from the cafeteria."
"Say what..."
Looking up, above the trees, I did indeed see the huge glass windows at the top floor of the school. I let go of my hands in a panic.
"Oh really..."
Asuna gave a shocked sigh and again mincingly turned away.
"I won't give lunch to such a scatterbrain."
"Ah, please spare me."
After desperately apologizing for several seconds, Asuna finally laughed, she opened the basket on her knees. She took out a round bundle wrapped in paper towels, and handed it to me.
Cheerful, I took it and opened it, inside I found a large hamburger with lettuce sticking out. The aroma immediately made my stomach growl, and I quickly took a large bite.
"This... the taste is..."
My eyes went wide and I turned to look at Asuna as I greedily chewed and swallowed. Asuna smiled as she said:
"Ehehe. You remembered?"
"How could I forget. This is the hamburger I ate on the 74th floor..."
"Well, it was hard to reproduce the sauce. It is an unreasonable story... struggling to death over there to imitate the taste of reality... and now that I´m back I find myself struggling to reproduce that world´s taste here."
"Asuna..."
I clearly remembered those happy days, and while feelings of sentimentality swept through me, I once again looked directly at Asuna.
Looking straight back at me, Asuna whispered with a smile.
"Mayonnaise is sticking to your mouth."

By the time I had finished eating my two large hamburgers and Asuna her small hamburger, lunch break was almost over. Asuna poured herbal tea from a small thermos, and spoke while holding a paper cup with both hands.
"Kirito-kun, what are your afternoon classes?"
"Today there are two classes left... Really, they do not write on the blackboard but an EL panel, we write not in notebooks but on a tablet PC, and homework is sent over wireless LAN. If it's like this then it's like having lessons at home."
Asuna laughed with a 'fufu' looking at me complaining.
"It is only now that you can use the panel or PC. Soon, schools will use holographic projectors... Also, thanks to this school, we can meet here like this."
"Well that is true but..."
Although Asuna and I were taking the same electives, because we were in different grades, there was a difference in curriculum, so we could only meet three times a week.
"And it seems this school is also a model for future generations. At least, that is what my father said."
"Hehh... Shouzou-shi, is he doing well?"
"Yes. He was very depressed for a while. He thought he had a bad eye for people. He resigned as CEO and half-retired, after letting off some of the burden on his shoulders, he might have lost his way. Well, if he finds a hobby, he will get well soon."
"I see..."
I sipped my cup of tea, looking up at the sky along with Asuna.
To Asuna's father, Yuuki Shouzou, that man was supposed to be the future husband of his daughter – Sugou.
On that snowy day, even after being arrested in the parking lot of the hospital, Sugou keep struggling in an ugly way. Silence after silence, denial after denial, eventually trying to put all the blame on Kayaba Akihiko.
However, one of his underlings confessed everything immediately after it was revealed that there was a major witness. When the fact that 300 SAO non-returnees were being kept at a server installed at the RECTO Progress Yokohama branch office and subjected to inhumane experiments was brought to light, Sugou's escape routes disappeared. It seemed that the trial started just recently, but Sugou applied for a psychiatric re-evaluation. Though the primary charge was assault, whether or not the crime of abduction and confinement would be established somehow attracted the public attention.
What that guy was working on, the evil research on brainwashing through Full Dive technology was, in the end, proven to be a technology impossible to reproduce outside of a first-generation Nerve Gear. Besides, nearly all Nerve Gears should have been scrapped, it could be said that the results from Sugou's experiments made it possible for countermeasures to be developed.
What was fortunate, was that the 300 non-returnee individuals had no memory of being in the middle of human experimentation. There was no harm to their brains, and none of the return players had mental breakdowns. After enough medical treatment, it was said that it would be possible for all members to rehabilitate into society.
However, RECTO Progress and ALfheim Online... No, the genre of VRMMO games itself, suffered an irreparable blow.
Originally, the SAO incident alone fostered a significant amount of social unrest. That was concluded to be a freak occurrence of an exceptional crime committed by a lone madman, and this time... the incident caused by Sugou in the world of ALO that was previously hailed for its safety as a VRMMO game, drew attention to the possibility that all VR worlds could be exploited for crime.
RECTO Progress was eventually disbanded, but the main RECTO office also bore considerable damage, and all the members of the management team below the CEO were changed, even then, they were lucky to somehow survive this crisis.
ALO operations were suspended. Of course, the five or six other VRMMO that were still operating, though indirectly, received a huge blow in the form of a reduction in the number of users. It might still be impossible to escape the fate of shut down with the little income they were left with.
In that situation, something that could change the weakened and almost pulled out root was—
The «World's Seed» that Kayaba Akihiko had entrusted to me.

I must find out about Kayaba.
At the same time as the collapse of SAO in November 2024, Kayaba Akihiko had also died. That became clear two months ago— It was March 2025.
While Kayaba was Heathcliff in Aincrad for two years, he was in hiding at a mountain cottage built in the depths of an out-of-the-way forest in Nagano prefecture.
Of course, Kayaba's Nerve Gear did not trap him in the «Bonds of Death», so he was free to log out, but as the head of the KoB guild, he seemed to have logged on continuously for up to a week at the longest.
The person who helped him was a female graduate student who was with him in the same course of studies in the industrial department at the University of Tokyo, and was registered as having assisted the Argus Development Division.
It seemed that Sugou also worked in the same laboratory during his school days and harbored a burning rivalry for Kayaba while superficially pretending to adore his senpai. It seemed that this woman was also repeatedly courted by Sugou— I heard all this directly from the woman in person when she was released on bail last month.
I received her e-mail address by forcefully asking an agent from the emergency rescue headquarters, and after a lot of hesitation, I sent her an e-mail saying, 'I don't want to talk about resentment, I just want to know the details.' It was a week later that a reply came. She took the express from her current residence of Miyagi prefecture and came to where I live, her name was Koujiro Rinko. We went to a coffee shop near Tokyo station, where I heard the story she falteringly told.
It seemed Kayaba had decided to die with the collapse of the world of SAO before the incident even occurred. But it was an unusual way to die. It seems he remodeled a FullDive machine to perform a super-high-power scan of his brain, where it burned out his brain and killed him.
The probability of the scan being successful wasn't even 1 in 1000, but that woman who seemed delicate, yet strong of heart, felt that he'd succeeded.
If it worked as Kayaba intended, his own memories and thoughts, all of the electrical signals in his brain should have become digital code and should exist in the network as a real electronic brain.
After some hesitation, I told her how I had talked with Kayaba's consciousness in the old SAO server, and how he helped me save Asuna, and what he entrusted to me.
She bowed her head for several minutes, and after a drop of tear fell, said to me:
'- I visited the mountain cottage where he hid with the intention of killing him. But, I couldn't do it. Because of that, many young people lost their lives.
What he and I had done was not something that could possibly be forgiven.
If you hate him, please erase the thing he entrusted to you.
But if... if you have something other than hatred within you...'

"—Kirito-kun. Hey Kirito-kun. About today's offline meeting..."
Asuna struck me with her elbow, and I pulled myself back together.
"Ah— sorry. I was in a daze."
"Ohh. Whether there or here, you're still an easygoing kind of person when you are relaxed."
Asuna shook her head as if amazed, then with a sunny smile, rested her head on my shoulder.

* * *

Seated at the third circular table from the south, near the windows on the west side of the cafeteria, I was sucking forcibly through a straw, trying to get to the remainder of my strawberry yogurt drink at the floor of the carton. The loud slurping noise of my attempt was quite unladylike and caused Ayano Keiko, seated across the table, to frown.
"Geez, Liz... Rika-san, please drink a little more quietly."
"But that.... ah-, that Kirito, sticking together so much..."
From my height advantage in the cafeteria, I could see over the treetops at the bench where they were sitting, a boy and a girl nestled together with their shoulders touching.


"So outrageous jeez, doing that at school..."
"Yes, that's a bad hobby, peeping!"
I looked at Keiko for an instant before speaking in a slightly nasty tone.
"Saying that, wasn't Silica also looking hard until just a little while ago?"
Keiko, the dagger user Silica —it may have been the opposite— looked down with her face completely red, and began to stuff her mouth with her shrimp pilaf.
I crushed the empty pack and threw it in the trash a few meters away, then set my face on the table and let out a huge sigh.
"Ahh... if it was going to be like this, we shouldn't have agreed to that «One Month Truce»!"
"But wasn´t that Liz-san´s idea?! We should let those two get lovey-dovey for only a month, you said... that was totally naive."
"You have a piece of rice sticking to your face."
Once again, I sighed, then looked up through the glass windows at the white clouds passing by.
How did he find out my mail address? I still don´t know, but in the middle of February I suddenly received an e-mail from Kirito.
I was astonished, and in my head I heard the ringing of a gong for the second round while delightedly heading to the meeting place, but what Kirito had to tell me at that coffee shop was even more surprising.
Kirito seems to have been involved in that huge uproar with the «ALO incident». I was told that among those involved, Asuna was a special type of victim.
He said that Asuna really wanted to see me, so of course I went flying over for a visit. Seeing that figure, like an ice spirit about to melt away, my protective instincts for her in Aincrad were triggered very strongly.
Fortunately, Asuna regained her spirit day by day and was able to enroll with us at school. When I saw Asuna again, rather than seeing her as a rival, I had the urge to protect her like a little sister. With the friend in front of me who loved Kirito in the same way, I had formed the «Let's watch those two in warmth during May» alliance— the pact was done. But.
Sighing for the third time, I swallowed the last piece of my BLT sandwich, and then looked at Silica.
"Are you going to today's off-line meeting?"
"Of course. Lyfa... Suguha-chan is coming too. I can't wait to meet her offline for the first time."
"Silica, you have a really good relationship with Lyfa."
I looked at her while wearing a teasing smile.
"It must be that? There is a sense of closeness, because you're both the same as an «imouto[8]»."
"Muu..."
Silica's cheek twitched as she tossed the last shrimp in her mouth, muttered, then smiled as well.
"Liz-san is completely like an «onee-san[9]» these days."
For a few seconds, tension rose as sparks burst between us, then we both raised our head to look at the clouds, and sighed at the same time.

* * *

Agil's shop «Dicey Cafe», in front of its surly black door, hung an unsociable blackboard, with blunt characters saying 'Reserved for today'.
I turned toward Suguha beside me and said:
"Sugu, have you met Agil yet?"
"Yeah, I went hunting with him twice on the other side. He is a very big man!"
"I'll tell you, the genuine article is like that too. Be mentally prepared."
Beyond the wide-eyed Suguha, Asuna was giggling.
"Me too, I was surprised the first time I came here."
"To be honest, I too was terrified."
After knocking the frightened looking Suguha's head, I pushed open the door as my face stretched into a grin.
As the bell sounded with a 'clang-clang' sound, shouts of joy, whistles, and applause rang out loudly to cover it.
The shop that couldn't be called large was already tightly packed with people. Big bass speakers played a loud BGM —to my surprise, it was a BGM from Aincrad, the theme of Algade city played by an NPC orchestra— under that music, everyone had a glass shining in their hands, everything seemed like it was well underway.
"—Hey, we aren't late."
I said my excuse, then uniformed Lisbeth stepped forward to say.
"Yes yes, the main character has to appear at the end. You guys were told to come at a little later time. Well, we welcome you."
The three of us were pulled into the crowded shop quickly, and boosted on to a small stage at the back. The door closed with a 'Bataan', right after, the BGM shut off, and the lights were dimmed.
Suddenly, the spotlight fell on me, and once again Lisbeth's voice sounded.
"Ah, everyone together ready... now!"
"Kirito, for clearing SAO, Congratulations!!"
Everyone chorused. Loud sound of crackers. Applause.
While my face showed a dumbfounded look, I was showered by the flashes from many bulbs.

Today's off-line meeting— «Aincrad Capture Commemorative Party», was planned by me, Liz and Agil, but it seemed to have went ahead without me. The shop was full of people, exceeding my expectations by many times.
After a toast, everyone introduced themselves and then came my speech – this was not in the schedule at all – after that, Agil brought out several huge pizzas he had made specially for today, and the party dissolved into chaos.
I accepted the thanks from the men with a shake of their hands and some of the female players got a little too close to me when they gave their thanks, and I finally staggered to the counter and sank on to a stool.
"Master, bourbon. On the Rocks."
I told my unreasonable order to a very big man dressed in a black butterfly vest over a white shirt, who stared down at me for a few seconds. Surprisingly, he poured an amber liquid into a tumbler already holding rocks, and placed it in front of me.
I gingerly licked the liquid, relieved to find that it was Oolong tea. I looked up and frowned at the happily smiling shopkeeper, then a tall man sat down on the stool next to me. He was wearing a suit with a cheesy tie and a bandana wrapped around his forehead that was equal in bad taste.
"Agil, give me the real thing."
That man— Klein, the katana wielder, while holding his tumbler, turned on his rotating stool, and stared with a slack face at the corner of the shop table where a group of gorgeous girls were laughing.
"Hey, is that ok? You have to return to your company after."
"I can't work overtime without drinking. Anyway... that's nice..."
Looking at Klein drooping his nose, I sighed and took a drink of my tea.
Well, the scene was certainly a feast to the eyes. Asuna, Lisbeth, Silica, Sasha, Yulier, Suguha and other female players assembled in full force were worth taking a picture of. No— In fact, I should take a picture for Yui.
Someone had already sunk into the stool across from me, he was wearing a suit, and unlike Klein, he gave off the impression of a decent businessman. He was the supreme leader of «The Army», Thinker.
I raised my glass and said:
"By the way, I heard you married Yulier-san. It's bit late but— Congratulations."
Clinking our drinks, Thinker smiled with embarassment.
"Well, I am still doing my best to re-adjust to the real world. My job is finally on the right track..."
Klein also raised his tumbler and leaned over.
"No, I'm really happy for you! Damn, I wish I'd found a partner over there too. That reminds me, I saw that new publication: «MMO Today»."
Thinker once again revealed a shy smile.
"No, I'm ashamed... It is still lacking on content... Also with the present MMO circumstances, capture data or news is pretty much meaningless."
"This feeling is like the chaos at the birth of the universe."
I nodded, and looked at the shopkeeper who was shaking the shaker with a 'chakachaka' sound.
"Agil, how did it go? After that— about the «Seed»."
The bald headed giant grinned, exposing a smile that could make a child cry, and very happily said:
"Awesome. There are now about 50 mirror servers... around 100,000 downloads. About 300 large servers are running it."

The «World Seed» entrusted to me by Kayaba Akihiko's conscious modeling program -.
Several days after my meeting with Kayaba's female assistant, with some help from Yui, I downloaded the huge file that had been stored in my Nerve Gear's local memory onto a memory chip and brought it to Agil's shop. The reason I took it there was because I thought he was my only acquaintance who could help the seed germinate.
For Kayaba and his creation, the floating castle Aincrad, of course there were some feelings of hatred. The world of that death game had killed some people who had ties to my heart. For those people who died in fear— And also for her, I would never forgive Kayaba.
However, even among that great hatred, there exists a feeling of sympathy, which I unfortunately can't deny.
Because there was life and death, that castle truly felt like a real and different world. Even though I was eager to escape that world, at the same time, I loved it deeply. There was surely an everlasting feeling of hope deeply etched in the depths of my heart.
Thus, I thought that I should at least find out what buds from the «Seed».
The Seed of the World.
Developed by Kayaba, it was the complete sensory environment for the FullDive system, it was called «The Seed», a preset series of program packages.
Kayaba modified the SAO server autonomous control program «Cardinal», downsizing it to be able to run on small servers, above that he added game components for development to the package.
In other words, if you want to create a VR world, you need a so-so big server with enough bandwidth, download the package, design the 3D objects or put in an existing one, run the program, then a new world will be born.
The development of a program to control the input and output of five senses was extremely difficult. All VR games which were currently operating in the whole world were controlled by the cardinal system developed by Kayaba in Argus, with a terrifyingly huge licencing fee.
With the fallout of Argus, the program rights were transferred to RECTO, and when RECTO Progress was dissolved, there were offers to sell the rights, but with the enormous price tag, and the decline of the VR game genre due to social criticism, not a single company accepted, so the VR genre itself seemed to be in retirement.
What appeared on the stage was the completely free compact VR control system, «The Seed». Agil made full use of his connections to thoroughly inspect the program entrusted to me, confirming there was no danger of any kind.
Where Kayaba's real intention was— to say that there is no risk in the program, and what happens after it was released, no one knows other than Kayaba himself. However, I think the basis of his intentions originate from one simple feeling.
That was the pursuit of «another true world», an endless dream.
I asked Agil to help upload «the seed» to servers around the world, completely free to everyone, whether personal or companies.

For the dead ALfheim Online, it was saved by ALO players, who had many people from venture companies.
They funded a new company, and bought all of the ALO data from RECTO for a very small fee.
The vast land of ALfheim was given birth in a new cradle, all the player data was completely inherited. It seems less than ten percent of the previous players left the game due to the incident.
Of course, ALfheim wasn´t the only new world born from this “Seed”.
Hundreds of companies and individuals who previously couldn't afford the licensing fees, started VR game servers one after another. Though some charged and others were free, they came to be connected mutually as a natural flow, and some meta rules were introduced. Now, they are implementing a mechanism that will allow a character created in one VR game to be converted to other game worlds.
Also, The Seed's use isn't only for games. Education, communication, tourism, new categories of server are born everyday and every day produces new worlds -.
The day when «real area placement» of the VR world exceeded the size of Japan would not be far away.

Thinker continued with a wry smile, his eyes still immersed in a dream somewhere.
"We are probably witnessing the creation of a new world. To bind that world to the term MMORPG is too narrow. I'd like to update the name on my homepage... though the right word doesn't come easily."
"Umm... Hmm..."
Klein folded his arms with his brow furrowed deep in thought. I elbowed him, and laughingly said:
"Hey, nobody expects anything from someone who has the sense to name their guild «Fuurinkazan»."
"Say what! To tell you the truth, I'm being flooded with applicants for the new Fuurinkazan!"
"Ooh. I hope there is a cute girl."
"Guh..."
Seeing Klein struck speechless, I laughed then turned to Agil and said:
"Well, has the plan for the second meeting changed?"
"No, tonight at 11 o'clock, in Yggdrasil City."
"So that means..."
I said, lowering my voice.
"That worked?"
"Yes. It seems they grouped the new servers and used them as one, after all it's the «legendary castle». The number of users has increased, and the capital by a great deal."
"I hope it runs smoothly."
—After initialization, the old SAO server was completely discarded. However, when the development data from Argus was given to the new managers of ALO, it contained something that no one expected.
I finished drinking my tea, and held the glass in both hands while looking at the ceiling of the shop. The dark panelling looked like a deep night sky. Faint gray clouds flowed through. The moon appeared, dying the world blue. Then something huge emerged from the distance—
"Hey Kirito, come here!"
Lisbeth who looked dizzy suddenly shouted as she waved her arm to get my attention. "...That girl, she couldn't possibly be drunk..."
While my eyes were fixed on the huge glass filled with a pink liquid she was holding, I whispered. Hearing me, the outlaw shopkeeper wore a straight face and said.
"It's below 1% so it's fine. Tomorrow is a holiday anyway."
"Hey hey...."
I shook my head and stood up. It was going to be a long night.

* * *

Through the jet black night sky, Lyfa was soaring.
She kicked the atmosphere with the four pieces of her wings, slicing through it, accelerating endlessly. The wind roaring in her ears.
Before, for the sake of gaining the maximum flight distance from a limited flight, for the most efficient cruising speed, it was necessary to use a flight method cycling acceleration and gliding, a lot of things had to be taken into account while flying.
But that was now a thing of the past. The shackles that bound her did not exist in the current system.
After all, there was no City in the Sky above the World Tree. The fairies of light, ALF, did not exist. The Fairy King bestowing rebirth to those who visited him was a fake king.
However, this world collapsed once, it reincarnated in a new land, the new rulers— no, moderators, granted the inhabitants of every fairy race with wings of eternal flight. Not as an ALF, but as the people of green wind, Sylph, Lyfa felt that it was plenty.
Logging in an hour before the meeting time, Lyfa was flying from the capital city of the Cait Sith, «Freelia», the place she was staying at for the moment, she had already been flying continuously for nearly 20 minutes. Meanwhile, without even resting for a second, her wings simply oscillated with full strength on her order, the magical propellers emitting a glass green light did not lose power in the slightest, continuing to respond to Lyfa's will.
According to Kirito, this new world's acceleration theory was very similar to a car's.
Immediately after taking off, extend the right and left wings to a greater extent, «torque oriented» —was what Kirito said, but she didn't understand it— this flight method allowed a strong kick in the air.
For gradually speeding up, sharpen the angle of the wings, reducing the amplitude. At the highest speed, the wings are folded almost in a straight line, oscillating at a speed so high that from the point of view of the ground, it looks like a colorful comet flying past. When that stage is reached, the acceleration decreases, how fast you can go depends only on your spirit. Most players would soon start to slow down, overcome by fear and mental fatigue.
In the «cross-ALfheim race» that was held last week, Lyfa and Kirito were in a dead heat. She had jumped ahead at the last second, taking first place by a very small margin. Those two were so much better than the other players, that they endanger the chance of a 2nd race.
...That time, was a lot of fun...
Lyfa made a small, reminiscent smile while flying. Just before the goal, when Kirito had overtaken her, he used a dirty trick in order to make Lyfa laugh, he had yelled a stupid joke and she had burst out laughing. For revenge, she made an antidote potion into an object and threw it at him, if it missed then her top position would probably have been in danger and stolen.
Flying in such an event was nice— but after all, when she was able to empty her head and just concentrate on accelerating to the absolute limit, that was the thing that she found most comfortable.
Her speed had already risen to the limit after a few tens of minutes of flight. The earth wrapped in darkness flowing by quickly became just a strip, small city lights occasionally appeared ahead, but quickly passed behind.
She felt that she had reached the highest speed so far— while thinking that, she opened her wings for an instant, bent backward and threw herself into a quick climb.
Overhead, the huge moon was shining through a break in the clouds. Aiming toward the blue white disk, she rose like a rocket.
After a few seconds, with a subtle change in the sound of the wind, she plunged into the sea of clouds. She flew through the black veil like a bullet shot from a gun. Lightning flashed from point-blank range, dying the clouds white, but she charged on without minding it.
Before long, she passed through the sea of clouds. Below spread the world of pale blue moonlight, the clouds forming an endless plain. The only things she could see were the clouds and the tip of the World Tree. As her speed was slightly reduced, Lyfa closed her lips, held out her fingertips and intently aimed for the moon. It might have just been her imagination, but the diameter of the silver plate of the moon seemed to get slightly bigger. A number of craters were clearly visible.
It might have been an illusion, a group of lights in the big central hallow seemed to shimmer and twinkle. Might there be a town in which the people of the moon live? A little more— Just a little closer—
However, at last the end of the world, a wall at the altitude limit caught her. Acceleration decreased, and her body seemed to grow heavy. The end of the virtual space was just ahead. She couldn't rise beyond that, so it couldn't be helped. But...
Lyfa stretched out with her right hand as much as she could. As if to seize the moon, she spread her fingers.
She wanted to go. Even higher. Far, far away. Beyond the stratosphere, separating from gravity, until the moon. No, beyond the orbit of the planet, beyond the passing comets, into the ocean of stars -.
Her climbing speed finally descended to zero, then became negative. Still with her hands spread wide, Lyfa began to free-fall in the night sky. The moon gradually receded.
But Lyfa closed her eyes and smiled.
For now, it's unreachable, but—
From what she had heard from Kirito, there were plans to connect ALfheim Online with another larger VRMMO, making a nexus. For starters, they should be connecting to a game with the moon's surface as a stage. That way, it might be possible to fly to the moon. With each game world added as a planet, the day when there was a ferry that comes and goes across the sea of stars will come.
Fly anywhere. Go anywhere. But... There is a place she absolutely cannot go.
Suddenly, Lyfa felt lonely.
While falling toward the fluffy clouds, Lyfa hugged her body tightly with both hands.
She understood the reason for her loneliness. Tonight, in the real world Kirito— Kazuto, brought her to a party, it was that party's fault.
It was very fun. Until now, new friends that could only be seen in this world, meeting them for the first time in the real world and talking with them about many things. Three hours had quickly passed by.
However, at the same time Suguha felt it. They are linked with something that couldn't be seen... a very strong bond. In «that world», the floating castle Aincrad that currently no longer existed, they fought together, cried, laughed, and loved, the memories— those, even when they returned to the real world, still shone from their hearts as a strong light.

Her feelings of love toward Kazuto hadn't changed.
At night, saying good night in front of the door. In the morning, running together to the station, it always felt like soft and warm sunlight.
Whether or not they became real brother and sister, they might become strangers living in different cities, and that would make her shed tears of sadness. But right now, living under one roof every day made her happy. She didn't need to have all of Kazuto's heart. As long as there was a corner that was just for her, it was good enough.
—Finally, she was able to accept it like that.
At that party, she had a feeling that Kazuto was going far away, to a place that she would never reach. She was not allowed to trespass within those people's bond. That place had no room for Suguha. Because Suguha had no memory of «that castle».
Body small and rounded, Lyfa continued to drop like a meteor.
The sea of clouds was approaching. Because the meeting place was the newly established Yggdrasil City at the top of the World Tree, she should have opened her wings and started gliding. But, because her heart was filled with cold loneliness, she couldn't move her wings.
Cold wind blew past brushing her face. Steadily stealing the warmth from her heart. She would just fall like that into the dark sea of clouds, sinking deeper and deeper—

Suddenly, her body was caught by something, and she stopped falling.
"—!?"
Lyfa opened her eyes in surprise.
There was a face in front of her, it belonged to Kirito. He was holding her with both hands, hovering just above the clouds. 'Why?' —Before she could ask, the dark-skinned Spriggan opened his mouth.
"I was worried about how far you were going to rise. I came to pick you up because it is almost time."
"...I see ...thanks. "
Lyfa laughed with a smile, flapped her wings and flew from Kirito's grasp.
The new ALfheim Online administrators, had transferred all of the game data from RECTO Progress, which included the character data from the old Sword Art Online. Therefore, thanks to the administrative body, the former SAO players were able to choose to whether or not to use their old characters in ALO, including appearance.
Because of this, the players that Lyfa played with daily, Silica, Asuna, Lisbeth have characters infinitely close to reality, beside their fairy racial characteristics. But when Kirito was given a choice, he did not revive his earlier appearance, choosing instead to continue with the figure of a Spriggan. He had also chosen to re-initialize his stats, dissolving his previous impressive skills and training from scratch.
At this point, Lyfa wanted to know his reason, and asked her question while they hovered in the sky.
"Hey, onii-cha... Kirito-kun, why didn't you return to your original figure like the others?"
"Hmm..."
Kirito crossed his arms, his eyes became cloudy as he seemed to look into the distance. Then he answered with a small smile.
"The role of that world's Kirito has ended."
"...I see."
Lyfa also wore a small smile.
She had met the Spriggan warrior Kirito first and they went on a journey to the World Tree. Thinking of that made her a little happy.
Moving in space while standing up, Lyfa took Kirito's right hand.
"Hey, Kirito-kun. Let's dance."
"Huh?"
Pulling Kirito whose eyes were wide, she began to glide above the clouds as if sliding.
"This is the recently developed high level technique. While hovering you can slowly move in a lateral direction."
"Oh I see..."
Nothing stimulated Kirito's mind like a challenge, his expression turned serious as he began to match Lyfa while gliding. However, he soon lost his balance and toppled.
"Wooah!"
"Hehe, it won't work if you try to move forward. Instead, all you need is a little upward thrust, at the same time glide sideways."
"Mumuu..."
Lyfa pulled Kirito's arm as he unsteadily struggled for several minutes, but as expected of his ability to adapt, he soon looked like he had mastered the trick.
"Oh... I see, so it's like this."
"Right. Good, nice."
Lyfa smiled as she pulled a small bottle from a pocket at her waist. Opening the lid and letting it float in the air, drops of silver light spilled from the bottle, and at the same time a clear string instrumental ensemble that came out of nowhere could be heard. It was an item sold by a high-level Puca ministral, stuffed with their performance.
With the beat of the music, Lyfa slowly stepped into dance.
Large step, small step, another large step, they gently danced upon the air. With their two hands clasped together, staring into Kirito's eyes, improvising to match the direction of movement.
Two people glided, turning round and round on the endless sea of clouds, lit silently by the pale moonlight. At first a slow movement, but gradually speeding up, each of their steps going farther.
The green light being scattered from Lyfa's wings overlapped with the white light scattering from Kirito's wings, vanishing on collision. The sound of the wind receded. Lyfa closed her eyes gently.
The feelings in Kirito's heart flowed through his fingertips, and she felt and accepted them.
This could be the last time, Lyfa thought.
To date, there had been several times when, with a moment of magic, the feelings of the two had intertwined. It was probably the last time for that, too.
Kirito— Kazuto, had his own world. School, comrades, and an important person. His wings were strong, and his steps too big, the hand he extended couldn't quite be reached.
Two years ago, since the day he didn't return from the journey he started in that world, indeed their paths had started to grow further apart. In order to become closer to his back, Lyfa had tried on fairy wings, but half of Kazuto and those people's hearts were even now still occupied by the mirage of the castle that floated in the sky.
With the advances in science and technology, the virtual world becomes a real one without limits. It goes beyond the boundaries of a game, turning from a virtual world into a reality. However, people are not clever enough to live in many realities. Kazuto had surely accumulated far too much of his share of joys and sorrows, and of love in that world. A world of fantasy that Suguha would never be able to visit.
From her closed eyelids, Lyfa felt the tears pour out.
"—Lyfa...?"
Kirito's voice reached her ears.
Lyfa opened her eyes, looking into his face with a smile. At the same time, the small bottle that was full of music waned, fading out, disappearing along with the faint sound of the bottle breaking.
"...I, for today, will be going back."
Lyfa said as she let go of his hand.
"Eh...? Why..."
"Because..."
Once again, her tears overflowed.
"...It's too far away, onii-chan's... and everyone else's place. For me, I can't go there..."
"Sugu..."
Kirito looked at her with serious eyes. He lightly shook his head.
"It's not like that. If you think you want to go, you can go anywhere."
Not waiting for an answer, Kirito grabbed Lyfa's hand again, and with a firm grip, turned around.
"Ah..."
With the powerful sound of wings, he began to accelerate. Straight toward the the World Tree towering beyond the clouds.

Kirito flew at a breakneck speed that didn't even allow words. Their linked hands never even loosening slightly, Lyfa frantically tried to keep up.
The World Tree grew to cover the sky as they approached it. Among the many branches, at the point where they divided from the trunk, there were innumerable lights shining. The lights of Yggdrasil City.
From the center rose a remarkably high tower shining brightly, toward which Kirito soared.
From the collection of lights, the light leaking from the windows of the building, and the streetlights illuminating the streets were beginning to be seen individually— it was at that time.
Multi-layered bells began to sound. It was the bell signaling midnight in ALfheim. Inside the World Tree, set up in the large upper cavity above the elevator connecting Yggdrasil City to Aarun, the sound echoes through the whole world.
Kirito spread his wings wide, suddenly braking.
"Waaah!?"
Lyfa was unable to stop, and they almost collided. Hovering, Kirito spread his arms and as she bumped into him, stopping her by hugging her gently.
"We didn't make it in time. —Here it comes."
"Eh?"
Not understanding the meaning of his words, Lyfa looked at Kirito's face. With a wink and a grin, Kirito pointed to a corner of the sky. Turning her body around while still in his arms, she looked up at the night sky.
The huge full moon, glowing a bright, clear blue. —That was all.
"The moon... What about it?"
"There, look carefully."
Kirito further extended his arm. Lyfa stared hard.
The shining circle of silver, at the upper right edge— was slightly chipped.
"Eh...?"
Lyfa's eyes opened wide. Lunar eclipse...? She thought for a moment, but then remembered that such a thing had never happened in ALfheim.
The area of the black shadow eroding the moon increased steadily. However, its shape was not circular. It was like a triangular wedge biting into it—
Suddenly, Lyfa's ears caught the sound of a low growl. 'Gon, gon' the solemn sound echoed. From far away, the whole sky shook, as if something was falling.
The shadow that appeared finally stretched to cover the whole moon. However, the moonlight still shone from beyond the shadow, illuminating the vague triangular shape. Steadily getting bigger and bigger. It was coming closer.
It appeared to be a cone-shaped object. The sense of distance couldn't quite be grasped. She strained her eyes, wrinkling her brow. And—
Suddenly, the suspended object began to shine.
Bright yellow light was being emitted in all directions.
It looked like it was made with many thin layers stacked together. Light spilled from the space between the layers. Three huge pillars hung down from the base, their glowing tips dazzling as well.
A ship...? A home...? Lyfa tilted her head in puzzlement. In the meantime, it grew bigger. Already, it had come to completely blanket that part of the sky. A bass sound shook her body.
From the bottom layer to the next, she noticed something as she stared. Many small projections stretch from the bottom to top. No— Those are—
Buildings! Huge buildings with windows on many floors seeming to be tightly packed. However— From calculating the size of the buildings, that one building that's over ten floors is about the same height as the Tower of the Wind. Then, the floating cone's full height must be... hundreds of meters, no, a few kilometers...?
"Ah... No way... No way, that is..."
As she thought about what she was seeing, lightning flashed in her mind, illuminating the truth.
"That is...!"
She turned around and looked at Kirito's face.
Kirito gave one big nod, and spoke in a voice which couldn't hide his excitement.
"Yes. That is— the Floating Castle, Aincrad."
"—! ...But ...Why? Why here...?"
The huge floating castle slowed, then stopped moving just before touching the upper branches of the World Tree.
"It's for a rematch."
Kirito said in a quiet voice.
"This time, we will perfectly clear each floor, from floor one to floor one hundred, and conquer that castle. Earlier, it ended after being three-fourths completed. Lyfa..."
Kirito placed a hand on her head and continued.
"I have now become weak... Give me a hand."
"...Ah..."
Lyfa choked on her voice and looked at Kirito's face.
—If you think you want to go, then you can go anywhere.
Tears fell down her face again, onto Kirito's chest.
"—Yes. I will go... no matter where... together..."

Snuggling up to Kirito, she watched the absolutely huge floating castle, from the direction of her feet came a voice.
"Hey, you're late Kirito!"
Lyfa looked at the source, a yellow and black bandana around his red hair, a formidable long katana on his waist, Klein was rising up.
Beside him, the Gnome with brown glowing skin, carrying a huge battle axe on his back, was Agil.
Carrying a Leprechaun-only silver hammer, dressed in a pure white and blue apron-dress was Lisbeth.
With gorgeous long black ears and tail, a small water color dragon on her shoulder, was Silica.
Flying hand in hand, was Yulier and Thinker.
Still unused to flying, holding a stick while flying unsteadily was Sasha.
Unknown when they were gathered, Sakuya and Alicia Rue, along with several other Cait Sith and Sylph players were next.
Waving his hand and raising came Recon.
Along with General Eugene and an army of Salamanders.
"Hey, we are going to leave you behind!"
Leaving only Klein's yelling sound behind, the huge party flew ahead into the night sky, heading to the castle in the sky.
And finally in a white tunic and mini skirt, a silver rapier on her waist, a small pixie sitting on her shoulder was Asuna, her long blue hair glittered as she stopped in front of us.
"Let's go, Lyfa-chan!"
Lyfa timidly grabbed Asuna's outstretched hand. Asuna smiled, moved her water colored wings and turned.
Yui flew from Asuna's shoulder onto Kirito's shoulder.
"Hey, Papa, hurry!"
Kirito's piercing glance looked at Aincrad, for a moment he was downcast. His lips moved, whispering a name, but she couldn't hear it.
When Kirito raised his head vigorously, his face had his usual dauntless smile back on again. He spread his wings wide, aiming for the sky in front.

"Ok— Let's go!!"


"AGI(Agility) being all powerful is just an illusion!"
The man's high tones spread throughout the spacious bar.
"It is true that AGI is an important attribute as it determines firing speed and avoidance rate. These two factors could make you very strong, until now that is."
That speech came from a player in the square holo-panel floating in the center of the dim shop.
It was the net broadcast, «MMO Stream»'s popular corner, «This Week's Winning Group». You could watch it in the real world from a television or a computer, but it was also broadcasted in many VRMMO worlds' inns and bars simultaneously, so most players liked to watch it «inside».
Especially when the guest player was from «This World».
"But AGI is a relic of the past and to the cripples who had been increasing AGI for 8 months, I can only say this— you have my condolences."
This sarcastic speech caused a loud chorus of booing to erupt in the shop, and many bottles and glasses were smashed onto the floor scattering as tiny pieces of polygon before disappearing.
But «he» ignored all the fuss and sat curled up in the sofa at the shop's deepest corner.
With his camouflage cloak's hood pulled down to his eyebrows and his lower face covered by a thick cloth, he coldly surveyed the shop interior.
He hated not only the man on the screen with his nose in the air, but was also displeased with the dumb looks of the players watching the TV. Everyone booing and howling like wolves, but still enjoying the festival-like disturbances.
Why were they so mindless, «he» could not understand. The man in the TV became the strongest in the world only by pure luck, and at the same time became the biggest exploiter.
In front of all the players who paid connection fees, he was a strutting gamer.
Like «him», all the players should envy and hate that guy. If that feeling was ugly, so be it : to hide it by just laughing with a mixture of ugliness, it wasn't funny at all.
«He» was very tense under his cloak, and he breathed out from between tightly clenched teeth. It was not yet time, and pulling the trigger would come just a bit later.
He returned his gaze to the holo-panel, as the camera zoomed-out, the show's host to the speaker's right and another guest sitting to his left came into the frame.
The hostess of the show, a girl dressed in a full body techno-pop style outfit, said sweetly :
"Truly, as a top player in one of the hardest of all the VRMMO games, «Gun Gale Online», what you just told us is a bit extreme."
"No, being interviewed on «MST» is a once in a life time thing and I've said what I wanted to say."
"Well, well, well, You will be aiming to win the «Bullet of Bullets» this time too, right?"
"Of course, if I enter I would want to be the winner."
The man combed his long silvered-blue hair, and faced the camera with an undefeated announcement. The shop was once again ravaged by a storm of booing.
MMO Stream wasn't Gun Gale Online's, normally called GGO, internal content, but the host and guests were avatars, not their real bodies. «This Week's Winning Group» went to different VRMMO games each week and invited their top players for the interview show. This week's guests were from GGO's previous monthly battle royal, known as Bullet of Bullets (BoB). It was used to determine the strongest players, and the guests were the winner and runner-up player.
"But, Zekushiido-san."
After hearing the boasting of the winner with long silver hair, the runner-up opened his mouth, unable to bear it any longer.
"BoB isn't a solo encounter. The 2nd time might not be the same result, what is all this talk about winning based on attribute type?"
"No no, this winning result is to show the whole of GGO and as Yamikaze-san is an AGI type, I understand your feelings of denial."
The winner called Zekushiido immediately retorted.
"...Till now, increasing AGI, and shooting high powered weapons at a fast pace was the best style. That also gave an increased evasion bonus, which helped compensate for the low stamina. But MMOs are not like standalone games, and game balances can change over time. Especially with this level up aspect, you can't change your attributes around, so you have to plan beforehand for endgame and use your points wisely. Even if a fighting style is strongest at this level bracket, in the next level that might not be true. You will understand if you think about it, the weapons coming out from now on will need increasing STR and Accuracy to use. Winning by using evasion to avoid damage is a naive belief that won't always last and my fight with Yamikaze-san showed that. Your bullets were blocked by my bullet-resistant armor and lost their power, but my shots hit 70% of the time. To say it clearly, from now on it's time for a STR-VIT style."
Reined in by that storm of words, Yamikaze's face became distorted by chagrin.
"...But, this is the result of the rare gun that barely met your strength requirement which Zekushiido-san had acquired right before the tournament. How much did you pay for it anyways?"
"No way! That was a rare drop I looted through my efforts. For this reason, the most important attribute might really be Luck, hahaha."
While the silver haired man laughed in the holo-panel, «He» stared with resentment, and his right hand moved under his cloak. Looking for the grip at the holster on his waist, he held on to the hard metallic surface. Almost— almost, the time was almost upon him. He looked at the time displayed on the side of his field of vision. Just one minute and twenty seconds more.
The two people sitting at a table beside «him», were chatting while taking drinks from their jugs.
"Blah, saying good conditions. Back then, Zekushiido-san was the one who said AGI type was the strongest."
"Thinking back now, that popular rumor might have been a trap... We were tricked..."
"Does this mean that saying that the STR-VIT setup is now the strongest is also a bluff?"
"Then what did he really do? Increase LUK?"
"You do it."
"No way."
As the two laughed, their words made «him» even angrier. How could anyone laugh like that after finding out they had been tricked, He could not understand.
—But, that foolish laughter would soon freeze in their throats, when they saw the real strength, the real strongest player.
Finally, it was time.
«He» stood up with barely a sound and moved step by step between the tables. No one stayed within «his» eyes.
Foolish people... tremble in fear.
«He» stopped at the center of the bar, directly under the holo-panel. From his waist holster under his cloak, he drew out a rustic handgun.
Like concentrated, crystallized darkness, it gave off a cold, black, metallic shine. Even the grip of the gun was metallic, instead of serrations, and the center was embellished with stars. From the shape alone, it did not look very powerful and looked similar to any other automatic handgun available everywhere.
But that gun had a «Real Strength».
With a click, «He» pulled back the cylinder and loaded a round, and with trembling hands pointed the gun up— at the holo-panel. Aimed at the forehead of the laughing Zekushiido, the strongest player.
«He» remained like that for a while, and the people around finally noticed him and became noisy. Even for the unlimited PK game GGO, attacking in the streets was not possible. Even if it could fire, it wouldn't damage any player or object.
A few people laughed at «His» pointless action but «He» was not affected, and continued to aim the black gun.
In the panel, Zekushiido continued his nasty tirade.
Zekushiido's real body was lying somewhere, with the «AmuSphere» on his head connecting him to MMO Stream's virtual studio. That was, he had no idea that a gun was aimed at his character on the TV screen of a bar, at the shopping center in GGO's world capital «SBC Gurokken».
But «His» mouth opened, and shouted as loud as he could.
"Zekushiido! You fake winner! Now, taste the truth of real power!!"
Surrounded by the stunned silence of players nearby, «He» held up his left hand, with his finger going to his head, chest, left shoulder, then right shoulder making the sign of a cross.
While lowering his left hand, his right hand pulled the trigger.
In the dim bar, the metallic bullet flew in a straight line— and hit the front of the holo-panel, a small light effect flashed.
That was all. On the screen, Zekushiido's mouth kept moving.
At that time, laughter filled the shop. 'Ahaha' 'He did it' and other words were spoken and over the amused chattering, Zekushiido's speech continued.
"...In the end, including selecting stats and skills, it all depends on the player's real life strengths and abilities..."
Suddenly, the voice froze.
The crowd in the bar turned back to the panel.
Zekushiido, with his mouth still wide open, froze with bulging eyes. His hand raised weakly, trying to grasp the center of his chest.
Immediately, his character disappeared, leaving only the polygon chair behind and the host quickly said in panic.
"Oh no, his connection seems to be disconnected but he should be back soon, everyone do not change your channel and stay tune..."
But no one in the shop heard these words as, in the stunned silence, everyone had turned to focus on «Him».
«He» relaxed his aim at the monitor and pulled back his gun holding it horizontally. In this pose, he slowly turned around and looked at the shocked players in the shop.
After one complete revolution, he again held his black gun high in the air and shouted.
"...This is real power, real strength! Foolish people, engrave the fear of these names in your hearts!"
He took a deep breath—
"This gun's name and mine: «Death Pistol»... «Death Gun»!!"
«He» sheathed the gun in his holster and waved his left hand for the menu window.
While pressing the Log Out button, «His» feeling of triumph, was multiplied by his raging hunger for more.
"Welcome, table for one?"
As the waiter bowed respectfully, I replied that I was looking for someone, and swept my eyes across the vast expanse of the cafe.
From a window seat inside, a loud and unreserved voice immediately called me over.
"Hey Kirito-kun, over here!"
Elegant classical music circulated around the dining area, and the low chattering of pleasant conversation died down within a split-second as I entered, all eyes focused on me with criticism. Dressed in my old leather jacket and patched jeans, about 80% of the store —upper-class women taking a break from shopping— seemed to feel that I was in the wrong place; I felt resentment starting to swell up from deep within towards the person who asked me to come here.
If it were a sweet and attractive girl, I would have been able to put up with it, but unfortunately the hand waving at me belonged to a man in a suit. I didn't bother to conceal my displeasure and sat into the chair roughly with a 'dosun' sound.
A waiter emerged at my side to present me with a cool glass of water and a warm hand towel, along with the menu. As I picked up the elegant wooden and leather cover, a sunny voice expressed itself from across the table.
"It's my treat this time, so order whatever you like."
"I would have even if you didn't say that."
I retorted sharply and scrolled my eyes down the menu; shockingly, their cheapest item «Choux à la Crème»[1] was already in the 1200 yen range, and I almost ordered a plain coffee by pure reflex. After remembering that this man was a highly paid bureaucrat, and that the cost of such entertainment would be covered as a business expense by hard-earned taxpayer money, I, who had nearly been taken for an idiot, calmly began ordering.
"Aah... I will have the parfait au chocolat... and a mille-feuille... and finally a hazelnut coffee."
Somehow, I had managed to say the entire order without biting my tongue despite having absolutely no idea what I had just ordered. The menu choices added up to three thousand nine hundred yen. I had considered asking for just a hamburger and shake, using the difference to line my pockets with.
"Very well, Sir."
Waiter-shi[2] eloquently took his leave, and finally taking a breath, I looked up at the man, called Kikuoka Seijirou, as he ate a ginormous pudding stacked over a veritable mountain of fresh cream.
His face resembled your typical serious and strict Japanese language teacher, with his black frame glasses and tacky hair look. Despite not looking the part, he was indeed a Japanese government official. He belonged to the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications Technology, Second Separated Advanced Network Division, or, as it's called within the ministry, the Virtual Storage Management Sector of the Communication Network's Management Division; the «Virtual Division».
In other words, this man monitored the state of chaos in the new VR world, as an agent of the State... or a potential scapegoat. Normally, I would feel bad if he did get fired from his position, but in reality, I thought it was highly possible.
It is this unfortunate Kikuoka-shi who, having finally inhaled the last of the pudding into his mouth, looked up to reveal an innocent smile with pure bliss plastered over his face.
"Yah, Kirito-kun, sorry for calling you out on such short notice."
"If you feel any remorse then you should not have called me to Ginza in the first place."
"The fresh cream here is the best. Maybe I should get a Cream Puff while we're at it..."
While wiping my hands with the citrus scented towel, I let out a sigh and said:
"...and also, I don't think you have the right to call me 'Kirito'."
"That's so cruel ~~ wasn't I the first person by your side when you woke up a year ago?"
? Unfortunately, that was a fact. Waking up after having escaped that «Death Game», the first person to visit was Kikuoka, the acting home-side agent of the counter-measure team, at my bedside.
Back then, I had used polite and courteous speech, as he had seemed well-meaning and genuinely concerned, but I soon realized that was not his only reason for getting close to me, and I started using a sharp tongued manner of speech. It could have been his intentions to exploit me from the start— but that might just be me over-analyzing things.
I glanced over to Kikuoka, who seemed distressed over the decision of placing yet another order, and opened my mouth after realizing that I should not let myself get caught in his pace.
"News has it that a huge deposit of rare metals was discovered at Sagami Bay, and the related big shots have organized a celebratory Oklahoma mixer dance. Don't be so troubled over just one cream puff."
These words caused Kikuoka to raise his head, blink a few times, and smile.
"Well, no matter the yield gained, because it is unrelated to my department, I do not believe we will benefit from it. I'll just bear with my hunger, for the sake of our economy."
The diplomat snapped the menu shut and I let out yet another sigh.
"Ok then, it is about time you tell me why you called me here. ...I bet it's just to investigate another virtual crime isn't it?"
"Oh, Kirito-kun saying it straight out really makes this easier."
After such a bold statement, Kikuoka took a briefcase from the chair next to him and pulled out a very thin tablet terminal.
—Yes, after all, this man used survivors of Japan's largest net crime, «The Sword Art Online Incident», like me as informants.
Normally, to investigate the origins of a crime, Public Safety would generally pay a fee for information provided by «Collaborators» and «Watchdogs», among other things, making it like a «Business Deal». If that were the case, then calling me out to eat cake like this could be seen as just «Business» with Kikuoka.
I really wanted to think of it that way, but this was the same man who had broken the rules to tell me which hospital Asuna was in, and that was a debt that I still owed him.
Without that information, I would have been delayed in finding Yuuki Asuna in the real world and as such, it may not have been possible to find out the devilish plots of Sugou Nobuyuki and rescue Asuna from his clutches.
As such, for the time being given the circumstances, I did not object to being Kikuoka's «Watchdog» very much. Although quite recently I have stopped using polite and courteous speech and started ordering the more expensive cakes.
Meanwhile, whether or not he was aware of that fact, my benefactor played around with his tablet terminal and said lazily:
"Weeell, about that, this time it's about the increase in the rate of virtual space crimes, you see..."
"Hmm. Specifically?"
"Let's see... Just this November more than 100 cases of virtual theft, property damage, and etc. were observed and filed. Moreover, there have been 13 cases in which VR game disputes have lead to real world manifestations with one incident leading to death... That one case had been quite a big incident so Kirito-kun must know about it already, someone made a replica western sword and swung it around Shinjuku Station slashing two people to death. Uhyaa, the blade was 1.2 meters long, and weighed 3.5 kg. How did he manage to swing that thing around?"
"It seemed like a hardcore player using drugs and hallucinating... Although looking at this one case alone doesn't help very much when put into a general perspective compared to all the other cases..."
"Indeed, in terms of the overall national crime rate, these barely amount to anything, but concluding from a myopic perspective it may be VRMMO games that breed such social unrest. However, as you had previously mentioned..."
"—VRMMO games do cause people to lower certain boundaries in reality. It is something even I recognize."
At that time, the waiter returned with silent footfalls and placed in front of me two plates of dessert and a cup of coffee.
"Would this be everything Sir?"
After a nod, he placed a bill with a scary figure face down on the edge of the table. I took a sip of the coffee that exuded a nutty aroma and continued our conversation.
"... As PKing is seen in most of these games as just another daily occurrence, it isn't impossible for such an environment to serve as a training ground for real world murders. Especially in this new genre of games, where cutting off a wrist leads to blood spurting out and slicing open a stomach results in internal organs spilling out. Above that, are also hardcore maniacs who would rather commit suicide than log out."
A throat was cleared from a nearby table with an interrupting 'ahem', to reveal two prim and proper women glaring daggers directed at me. I lowered my head, and continued in a quieter voice:
"Given such common daily occurrences, it isn't much of a mystery for some idiot to have brought back that practice into reality. I too, feel the need for some sort of counter-measures to be put into place, although the law would be nearly useless in such a case."
"Useless?"
"Useless."
With a golden spoon, I carefully skimmed off a thin layer of pink cream and cake, cautiously transporting it to my mouth as I thought to myself, that each spoonful was worth 100 yen. While savoring each delicious morsel as it literally melted in my mouth, I continued on our debate of savagery.
"...Not even if you closed off the network. Because the VRMMO networking server is relatively easy to set-up, no matter how much you ban it in Japan, users and traders will just move overseas."
"Hmm..."
Kikuoka's dignified gaze fell onto the table, and after a few seconds of thought, he opened his mouth.
"...Your mille-feuille looks good... may I have a bite?"
"..."
I directed my third sigh, along with my plate, towards Kikuoka. This career dignitary then proceeded to steal with great gusto, approximately 280 yen's worth of my mille-feuille, and stuffed his cheeks.
"But you know, Kirito-kun, I was just thinking... Why PK? Isn't getting along nicely with everyone else more fun than just killing them?"
"...You play ALO too, so you should already have an idea, as long before FullDive, there'd already been MMORPGs that stole from each other. To say the least, because such games do not technically have definitive endings, some form of endgame content has to serve for player's motivation... like seeking and playing for the feeling of superiority over others, I think."
"Oh?"
In the midst of his chewing, Kikuoka raised his eyebrows as if to request a further explanation. Seriously, why did we have to talk about that, deep inside I considered poisoning him, half for the sake of revenge as I continued:
"...It's not just limited to the game. Wanting to be recognized, wanting to climb even higher than others, isn't that the basic structure of our society? Even you should understand as those in the same department as you, there are government officials who are envious of others with a better university degree or have faster promotions due to connections; but on the other hand, they look down at the non-government officials with a smug sense of superiority. Finally those with both inferiority and superiority in balance can eat cake with peaceful faces, isn't it?"
Kikuoka swallowed the mille-feuille, and smiled gingerly.
"You are quite frank with your spite aren't you? So what about Kirito-kun? How do you take the balance?"
"..."
Of course, despite having an inferiority complex as high as a mountain, I have no intention of telling this guy. With an ignorant face, I fired back:
"...Well, at least I'm together with my girlfriend."
"I see, I am jealous to death over that one point, Kirito-kun. The next time we're in ALO, wouldn't you introduce me to some girls? Take the Sylph Lord for example, she is just my type."
"I'll tell you in advance, the moment you say 'I'm actually a high ranking bureaucrat', you'll get decapitated."
"If it's by her, then I wouldn't mind being killed once. —So?"
"So, about this superiority complex, it's surprisingly hard to fulfill in the real world. It's not something you can get unless you work really hard. You'll have to study hard to get better grades, to get better at sports, become cooler, or more attractive... All of which require a lot of time and energy and there is no concrete guarantee of payoff, above that the requirements are near impossible to achieve anyway."
"I see. After all, I did study to death for my exams, and still did not get into Toudai[3]."
For some reason, having seen Kikuoka smile so happily while speaking about the subject, I suppressed the desire to make a smart remark and quickly continued talking.
"Then, MMORPG to the rescue. Here, time sacrificed doesn't pass in vain like in reality and your character will become stronger as you find rare items, learn more skills, and have higher stats. Of course you'd still have to work hard, but that's because it's still a game. Rather than studying or training your muscles, this is a lot more fun. Equipping expensive gear to show off your high level while walking down the avenues of a main street, you will definitely attract a lot of envious attention from those weaker than you... virtually, that is. If you go to the hunting grounds, you can defeat monsters with overwhelming power, or save a party in a pinch. Be thanked, be respected—"
"Virtually?"
"...Of course, that's only one aspect of it and MMO games also do have many other elements to them. But, network games with social networking as the main theme have been around for a long time, and none has been more successful than MMORPG."
"...I see, that kind games are hard to satisfy the need to feel superior?"
"Yes. —Then VRMMO games came out. In these games, you can walk down the street yourself instead of through an avatar character. Where previously you would have had to settle for fantasizing about it through your computer screen, you now actually feel the gazes fixed upon you."
"Hmn. That is true I guess, because when you walk side by side with Asuna-chan in Yg-city, everyone stares."
"...You say such spiteful things so bluntly. In any case, in VRMMO games, so long as you take the time to do it, anyone can achieve a sense of superiority. Compared to how well you study, how good you are at soccer or how much money you have, is much simpler, much more primitive, and appeals directly to human instinct.
"...In other words...?"
"In other words, it's «Strength», physical, arduous strength. With your own hands, the power to destroy your opponent. In a way, it's like being on drugs."
"...«Strength» ...Or the greatest «Power», huh."
Kikuoka murmured with some kind of nostalgia.
"...Boys will, no matter who, always seek strength at one point or another... doing things such as reading fighting-based manga and wanting to train the same way they do. But, usually most of them will immediately recognize the futility of doing so, and start to pursue a more realistic goal... —I see, then are VRMMO's not another chance to pursue such goals, I wonder."
I nodded, and as I rarely speak so much, soothed my dry throat with some coffee before speaking.
"Aah. Some games from the fighting genre also seem to merge into reality, where alliances and schools of martial arts are formed."
"Oh? Which means?"
"In other words... What characters learn in-game could very well lead them to become experts in things like This-and-That-Styled-Karate or Here-and-There-Styled-Kenpou. That in turn could reproduce some of the stereo-typified scenes of Shinjuku and Shibuya, leading to some outlaw bros taking out enemy characters, the Tekken system of justice. ...Following that, obviously I can't teach you to understand their hearts. People who live in this kind of games might want to try out the skills they learn in VRMMOs in the real world... or might already have, that possibility does not exist, is unfortunately not something I am able to say— such are my sentiments."
"I see... It's an invasion of the VRMMO concept of «strength» into reality, huh. Hey, Kirito-kun."
Kikuoka, his face once again turning serious, looked at me.
"That, are we only talking about psychological issues here?"
"...What do you mean?"
"Beside their psychological resistance to committing acts of violence being lowered, and also being able to gather the knowledge and skill required to commit violence... In reality, their physical attributes somehow accommodating these changes... that kind of thing doesn't occur, right?"
This time, it was my turn to think and reflect.
"...That is, using the example from before, that the physical strength required to swing around a 3.5 kg sword in Shinjuku, was developed by the man in the game-world... you mean?
"Yes, that."
"Hmm... As for the FullDive system affecting the human nervous system, it seems that research has just begun. But in reality, lying down for long periods of time would certainly result in diminished overall strength, although such brute strength surfacing just for an instant could be due to the rush of adrenaline in the heat of the moment... —But that's more your field than mine, right?"
"A long time ago, I went to listen to what a professor had to say about neurophysiology, and it was like Greek to me... We may have gotten off track a lot, but we've reached today's objective. Please take a look at this."
Kikuoka played with his tablet, and handed it to me.
I accepted it, and on the LCD screen, I saw the mug-shot of a man I did not recognize, with his home and other profile next to it. He had extensively long hair, silver rimmed glasses and quantity of neck and cheek fat.
"...Who's this?"
Accepting the terminal back from me, Kikuoka moved his fingers around.
"Riight, last month... on the 14th of November. At an apartment located in Nakano Ward, Tokyo, the landlord noticed an unpleasant smell while cleaning up around the area. He tried to reach the resident through the inter-phone, but there was no response and there was no answer on the regular phone either. But as the room's lights were still on he released the electronic lock out of curiosity, and found this man... Shigemura Tamotsu, age 26, dead. It seems he had died five and a half days ago. There were no signs of the room being ravaged, and the body was lying on the bed wearing on his head..."
"An AmuSphere, I'm guessing."
I had one of those in my room too, two overlapping golden rings that formed a piece of head gear, the FullDive machine popped up in my mind as I said it, then Kikuoka lightly nodded.
"That's right. —Immediately we contacted his family members, and ordered a post-mortem autopsy to investigate the mysterious death. Cause of death: acute heart failure."
"Heart failure? The one where a heart suddenly stops beating right? Why did it happen?"
"We don't know."
"..."
"As a long time had passed since the time of death and the probability of it being a crime is low, we didn't do a detailed autopsy. But it seems like he had not eaten for 2 days after having logged in continuously."
I frowned once again.
To be honest, such cases aren't all that rare. Why? Because although having eaten nothing in reality, having consumed something while inside a VRMMO means that you still feel full, and the feeling lasts for a few hours. Addicts, or those so-called hard-core gamers, tend to consider time outside gaming as time wasted, and cases where people don't eat for 1 or 2 days really aren't that rare.
However, if such routines are consistent, it'd be impossible not to have negative repercussions on the body. A malnourished victim living alone having an attack... wasn't a very rare case at all.
Closing my eyes for a moment and after praying for Shigemura-shi to find happiness in the next world, I opened my mouth.
"...while this is tragic, but..."
"Indeed it's depressing, but it is common these days. Because such an incident won't appear on the news, and the family members won't say much as they want to conceal the fact of dying from this way due to a game, we can't seem to conduct any further investigations. In a way, such a death can also be seen as an invasion of VRMMOs, but... "
"...You wouldn't normally call me out just to hear a surface theory right? What's up with this case?"
At my question, Kikuoka glanced at his terminal, and answered.
"This Shigemura-kun installed only one game on his AmuSphere. «Gun Gale Online»... heard about it?"
"That's... obviously a given. Due to the fact that it's the only VRMMO game in Japan with «Pro» playing; I haven't played it myself, though."
"It seems that in Gun Gale Online... Abbreviated GGO, he was ranked as the top player. That was decided in an event during October to find the strongest. His character's name was «Zekushiido»."
"...Then, did he die while logged into GGO?"
"Actually, no, he didn't. His avatar, «Zekushiido», was being featured on «MMO Stream», a channel hosted by one of the net stations."
"Aah... You mean M-ST's «This Week's Winning Group»? That reminds me, I remember hearing that one of their guests lost connection during a show and it stopped in the middle..."
"Yeah, probably that one. He suffered heart failure while on the show. Their log recorded everything to the exact second. Then, this is unconfirmed information... Around the time of the heart failure, something weird happened in GGO, according to a user's blog."
"Weird?"
"MMO Stream also broadcast in GGO right?"
"Aah. They usually air in pubs."
"It happened in a pub that was airing the show, off a street in the capital city «SBC Gurokken» of the GGO world. So, the problem is that around that time, one of the players happened to do something really strange."
"..."
"Anyway, toward a televised image of Zekushiido-shi, «He» discharged a gun while screaming about judgment and death. Having seen that, one of the players who had coincidentally been recording the event uploaded it onto a video site. The uploaded clip also included a counter in JST[4]... And... The gun was fired on the 9th of November, at 11:30 PM, 02 seconds. Shigemura-kun's sudden disappearance from the show, at 11:30 PM, 15 seconds."
"...Just a coincidence right."
I said, as I moved my second plate in front of me.
Taking a spoon-full of some tea-colored cylindrical thing, I brought it to my mouth. At once, its coldness surprised me. If it were a type of cake, it'd be an ice-cream cake, I thought. With sweetness that was barely contained, the densely packed chocolate essence began to unfurl, overpowering the bitter taste of the conversation that Kikuoka had started.
I polished off a third into my stomach and continued from where I had left off.
"Becoming the top ranked player of GGO would naturally cause others to hate him and envy him beyond the degree found in other VRMMOs. To shoot the actual person might require a lot of bravery, but it's not very strange for the TV image to have been shot at."
"Yes, however, there was another incident."
"...What?"
My spoon-hand froze, and I looked up into Kikuoka's unchanging poker face.
"This time, it happened just about 10 days ago, on the 28th of November. A dead body was found in the unit of a 2-story apartment building in Ômiya Ward, Saitama City, Saitama prefecture. A newspaper seller thought he was being ignored as the unit's lights were still on, despite there being no answer, he tried the door knob and it wasn't locked. Looking inside, a man was found lying on his futon wearing an AmuSphere, with a similar odor..."
Ehem! A deliberately cleared throat put our conversation on hold; we looked at the same two women from before, at a table near ours, as they glared condemningly and gave us the evil eye. But, in a surprisingly bold move by Kikuoka, he nodded at them and continued our conversation.
"...Well, let's skip the details of the postmortem autopsy. This time, it was also confirmed to be death by heart failure. His name... let's skip that too. Male, 31 years old. He was also a very strong GGO player and his character's name... was «Usujio Tarako[5]»? Is this the right name?"
"A while back in SAO, there was a guy called «Hokkai Ikura[5]», so they're probably related. Was this Tarako-shi also on a TV program?"
"No, this time it was an in-game incident. From the AmuSphere's log, his connection was cut off about 3 days before the body was found, on the 25th of November, at 10:00:04 PM, Estimated time of death is also thought to be around that period. At that time, he was at Gurokken's town square attending a Squadron —a guild, apparently— meeting. He'd jumped onto the stage to voice an opinion, and a player who crashed the meeting shot him with a gun. Although city streets are areas where all and any damage received would get instantly voided, he was angered by the gunman's assault and went after him, then suddenly disappeared. This information was also taken from a net forum thread, so the authenticity leaves much to be desired, but..."
"The gunman, is it the same player from the «Zekushiido» incident?"
"You can think of it that way. After all, words like 'justice' and 'strength' were also spoken by a player with the same character name as from the previous case."
"...What kind of...?"
Kikuoka checked his tablet, and frowned.
"«Death Pistol»... That and «Death Gun»"
"A Death... Gun..."
—In other words, «Death Gun»?
I placed my spoon on the now empty plate, as I repeated that name to myself over and over in my thoughts. Such a character name, no matter how much it was intended as a joke, really did give off a certain impression of the character. Death Gun, the impression that name evoked was of black metallic coldness.
"...You're sure that Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako both died of heart failure, right?"
"If I said yes?"
"And... No brain damage?"
Upon hearing that, Kikuoka caught my drift and grinned.
"That bothered me too. And I confronted the forensics team about it, but they couldn't find any abnormalities like cerebral hemorrhages or cerebral arterial occlusions."
"..."
"Also, with Nerve Gear... Ah, are you fine, discussing this?"
"I'm fine."
"...With Nerve Gear, when it kills a user, its signal sensors turn into a high powered microwave which destroys a part of the brain, but AmuSpheres are not made to emit such high powered electromagnetic waves. 'Such a machine can only transmit auditory and visual types to the 5 senses with very low and mild signals', is what the developers had claimed."
"So you have already talked to the makers... you did your homework for this meeting, huh, Kikuoka-san? Is it an accident that you manage to do your job just by looking through passing rumors?"
As I stared through the lens of his glasses at his narrowed eyes, Kikuoka erased that expression in a second, and immediately, his lips widened into a smile.
"I get flown everywhere; so actually, I'm quite free on a daily basis."
"Then, next time why don't you help the front-line clearers of Aincrad. Sir Eugene praised you for being a good mage, you know."
Actually, I had never once thought this man to be the joke of an officer that his appearance and demeanor portrayed. He created a character in ALO not because he had an interest in the game, but most likely for the sake of easily collecting intelligence on the VR world. Although the business card I had previously received placed him under the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications Technology, there was definitely something suspicious going on here. That his real unit was a part of the Department of National Security was something that I had already considered.
But leaving that aside, it seemed that the «Virtual Division» during the «SAO Incident Victims Rescue Countermeasure Team» period, had only managed to accommodate all the players into hospitals due to his efforts. Therefore, with that and the favor regarding Asuna's location, I am dealing with him at a ratio of 60% gratitude to 40% suspicion.
So whether he knew my inner thoughts or not, Kikuoka just scratched the back of his head and gave an embarrassed smile.
"You're too kind; I can memorize the spell words, but am not good at chanting them. I have been really bad at tongue twisters since a long time ago. ...Anyway, well, regarding this case, I think the chances are over 90% that it is either a coincidence or a hoax. That's why, we need to disprove it. —Kirito-kun, you think it's possible? Is it possible for a person shot in-game, to consequently suffer an episode of heart failure in reality?"
Kikuoka's proposal conjured up an image in my head, causing me to frown.
Dressed completely in black... A faceless gunman peered into the void and pulled the trigger. A black phantasm bullet was shot forth piercing through the virtual wall; the packet invaded the network world. From router to router, server to server, making various right-angled turns, the bullet charged onward. Eventually, it would reach a certain apartment unit, materialize outside the LAN connector mounted on the wall, and hit a man's heart while he was laying down...
Shaking my head to clear that disturbing image, I raised a finger.
"I do think it's impossible, but... Just assuming, that... «Death Gun» is our gunman, and he somehow managed to send some signals to the AmuSpheres of «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako»..."
"Oh, let's start from there. Is it even possible to do something like that?"
"Yea... If what was sent was not some deadly mysterious force, but normal sense signals... You still remember the «Imaginator Virus» that caused a commotion from a while back?"
"Aah, that surprise mail incident, right?"
Imaginator, that was a piece of software developed by someone for the AmuSphere. That piece of software generated a virtual space for diving, where you face the camera and whisper a message, and then compress it into a mail format. The receiver can then replay the file, which would reproduce the sender's virtual body and the spoken message, that kind of thing. Since you could convey videos, audios and even sense of touch, it became very popular.
Eventually though, a security loophole was found, and there was a virus infected mail that would accompany the original message, which caused a major disturbance. If you tried to dive with that mail in your inbox, it would force open a preview, and before your eyes in surround sound and color, something shocking —usually erotic or gross, one or the other— would start to play.
Of course, eventually a patch file was uploaded, and the incident was solved, but...
"—Most AmuSphere users should have installed «Imagine» by now. But if there were unknown security holes, and the victim's e-mail or IP address were known..."
"...I see, setup a sending timer ahead, then send the signal at the same time as the gun shot— something like that is possible."
Kikuoka weaved his fingers together, and nodded as he rested his chin on top of them.
"Then that part is cleared. —But it wasn't a cursed fatal bullet that was sent. Ultimately it's normal senses stimulation."
"In other words, enough feeling to stop a heart... Probably things like taste, smell... light and sound...Right? Let's talk about them one by one. First sense of touch, feeling on the skin."
I paused with the speech, and pressed my right thumb into my left palm. Earlier, what I had eaten was not chocolate cake as I had thought, but ice cream, I remembered I was shocked then.
"...What would happen, if you sent the full body to the limits of its cold tolerance? Like if you jumped into a bath full of ice water. Could that stop a heart?"
"Aah... Jumping into ice water could stop the heart, as the difference in temperatures would cause shock to the body, and the body's blood vessels would contract, which would over-stress the heart... It couldn't be that."
"—Then, I guess we can't go down this line. Even if the brain feels the cold, the capillaries of the other body parts won't feel a thing..."
"Then, how about this?"
This time, Kikuoka rubbed his hands together while speaking. It probably was a mistake on my part, but Kikuoka seemed to smile heartlessly.
"Super small insects... Smaller than a beetle, somewhere in the long worms category. Something like a caterpillar or centipede, the feeling of being dropped into a hole filled with those. Of course, it'd be accompanied by video. Urgh, just imagining it gives me goose bumps. "
"..."
With no other alternative, I too tried to imagine it.
While taking a leisurely stroll through a field, the earth suddenly collapses beneath my feet, and I plummet through the earth collapsing into a deep pit. A thin, long, creature slithers nearby, circling my body until it crawls up near my wrist towards my collar, and finally makes its way underneath my clothes...
"...Seriously, I've got goose bumps."
I rubbed my hands together, and shook my head.
"But that degree of a shock, even that «Imagine Virus» could do it. All of a sudden a huge caterpillar or a Nomura's jellyfish falls from above your head. But there weren't any fellows who had their hearts stopped... I think. In the first place, the moment you enter a VRMMO, you're unconsciously prepared for unexpected situations. In some fields, a boss monster can suddenly pop out right beside you and if your heart stopped every time, it wouldn't make for much of a game."
"You have a point."
Kikuoka shrugged, picking up the cup and turning it slightly.
"...So, the next sense to be considered should be taste and smell. But how would that work? If someone suddenly tasted or smelled something disturbing... like the taste of kiviak [6] reproduced. That person might vomit. That kind of vomiting reaction might affect the body as well..."
"If that's the case, it's not exactly stopping the heart. But could the vomit material stop breathing? Also, what is a kiviak anyway?"
At that moment, seeing the excitement flashing in Kikuoka's eyes, I regretted asking. This man liked to talk about bad tasting things. Though obviously an elite, he did not have a girlfriend and this could be considered one of the reasons responsible.
"Oh, you don't know? Kiviak is an Eskimo food. At the beginning of summer season, they will catch small migrating sea birds called Appaliarsuk and stuff them into a seal skin bag with the meat taken out. Then the entire bundle is placed in a cold, dark corner for a few months, until the seal fat permeates the birds and they ferment nicely, or more specifically, become rotten. At that time, they take out the birds like melted chocolate, the internal organs taste like that kind of food. The stink is supposed to be worse than Surströmming[7], but once you acquire the taste, you just can't have enough..."
Clank! I glanced toward that loud sound and saw the ladies near us covering their mouths in disgust and they were leaving their table with due haste. Once again, I sighed deeply, and then interrupted Kikuoka.
"If you have a chance to visit Greenland, then please try it. Also, you don't have to explain that Surs whatever."
"Oh, okay."
"Don't be regretful. —And no matter what, eating disgusting things won't stop the heart. Let's go for the next... Video huh..."
The rich aroma of coffee erased Kikuoka's foul words and I continued speaking.
"Similar to the insect example from before, just a significant video probably can't stop a heart no matter how fearsome or cruel the images are. Basically, it might cause great trauma, I think, but it would be really difficult to investigate."
"Hmm— You said significant right?"
"Yeah. ...for example, and this was long before I was born so I don't exactly know the details, but many children who watched a certain TV anime collapsed at the same time all over the country with symptoms of epilepsy."
"—That event. I was in kindergarten then and I saw it in real time."
Kikuoka said with a nostalgic feeling.
"I think it was the continuous flashing of red and blue lights in the show that caused it."
"It is probably that. If the same intense flashing lights video was sent, people would normally shut their eyes in reaction. That isn't possible if it was sent directly into the brain and some kind of shock happening is not entirely inconceivable."
"Yes, indeed so."
Kikuoka nodded his head, but then shook his head and continued.
"—But then, that question was debated on when AmuSphere was developed. The result was a safety device in the form of a limiter setting. Video images with more than a certain level of vibration amplitude are not shown by the AmuSphere."
"—Hey you."
This time I shot Kikuoka a 100% suspicious look and said.
"It seems you have already investigated all the possibilities, right? If you had already picked the brains of the ministry elites, then you don't need me now to debate about this. What are you really trying to do?"
"No no, that's not it. Kirito-kun's way of thinking is really stimulating, it was a huge reference and I also like speaking with you."
"But I do not like to speak with you, and as for sound perception, that should also have a limiter. Therefore, in conclusion— influencing the human heart inside a game is impossible. «Death Gun»-shi's shootings and the two men's heart attack are completely coincidental. Good bye, I'm going back and thank you for your hospitality."
I have a hunch that if this topic continues, it will certainly not result in anything pleasant. So I hurriedly said my thanks and stood up.
However, Kikuoka frantically called to stop me.
"Waaaa- wait, wait. From here on is the real main topic. You can order another cake; just stay with me a little longer please."
"..."
"Well, I am relieved that Kirito-kun reached that conclusion. I also thought the same thing that these two deaths were not from being shot from inside a game. Saying this however, I do need a favor—"
Here it comes, I frowned while thinking, and continued to listen.
"Can you log into Gun Gale Online, and contact this «Death Gun» guy?"
He then smiled at me.
To this bureaucrat's innocent smiling face, I used my coldest voice.
"Contact him? Why not just be open about it, Kikuoka-san. Go get shot, you mean, by this «Death Gun»."
"No, well, ahahaha."
"No way! If something actually happens, what should I do? You go get shot and have your heart stopped!"
I stood up once again but Kikuoka grabbed onto my sleeve.
"Earlier, we both agreed that this can't be real. Also, this «Death Gun»-shi has a very strict requirement for his targets."
"...Requirement?"
I asked him and I could not help but sit down again.
"Yes. The two people, «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako», which «Death Gun» shot, were both famous top players. That is, if they are not strong, they won't be shot, probably. For me, even years won't get me that strong. However, for you who even Kayaba-shi acknowledged as the strongest..."
"It's impossible for me too! GGO is not that easy of a game and «Pros» are in it."
"That er, what does «Pro» mean? You said it earlier as well."
Recognizing that I am being sucked into Kikuoka's pace after all, I explained reluctantly.
"...It literally means people who make their income from the game. Gun Gale Online is the only game in all of VRMMO that has a «game coin to real money conversion system»."
"...Really?"
Even for someone like agent Kikuoka, he still didn't know all of the game details as his question seemed to actually be genuine this time.
"That is, simply, the money earned inside the game can be converted into real money to be returned to you. In truth, it's not the Japanese yen, but electronic currency. But because there's nothing that couldn't be bought with it now it's the same thing essentially."
"...But can a VRMMO stay in business by doing that? Company operators and staff are not exactly volunteers right?"
"Of course, it doesn't mean that all the players can make money. It's the same with pachinko machines and horse races. The monthly fee, if I remember correctly, is 3000 yen and for a VRMMO, this is quite an expensive one. But, the amount that an average player gets on a monthly turn is at best, a tenth of that... in the area of a few hundred yen supposedly. However, perhaps you can say that their gambling nature is high... and on rare occasions, some guy will come out with a bang and find a precious rare item. After disposing of it through in-game auctions, if they exchange the electronic money from the sale it can amount to anywhere between tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of yen. If you heard about a story like that you will probably get the feeling that 'some day it will happen to me too...' Inside that game is like being inside a huge casino."
"Hmmm, I see..."
"So, a «Pro» is someone who earns money constantly every month. Top players get around 200,000 to 300,000 yen[8] per month supposedly. If you compare that amount with real-world standards it might not seem like such a big deal... but, without luxuries, it's enough to live on. In other words, what it comes down to is that these people are making their income from the monthly fees paid by the players in the volume zone. That's what I meant by what I said earlier, about the top players in GGO being envied more than in other games. It's similar to a government official eating stupidly expensive cakes with taxpayer's money."
"Fufufu, as usual Kirito-kun says things in such a harsh way. I like that part of you."
Without taking notice of Kikuoka's words of feigned ignorance, I interrupted him.
"—For those reasons, the time spent and enthusiasm of GGO's high level crowd can't be compared to other MMO players. I, without any intricate knowledge of the details of game mechanics, cannot go in blindly and compete with these people. In the first place, as the name implies, it's a game where gunfights are the main form of combat... I'm not good with projectile weapons. My condolences but you'll have to pick someone else to do your bidding."
"Wait wait, there's really no one else I can rely on. For me, you're the only one because you're the only VRMMO player that I can get into contact with in reality. Besides... if you're saying that professional opponents are a heavy burden and that they get their salary from this game, then it's fine if you treat this as a job as well."
"...What?"
"Paid compensation for collaborative investigation. It may... not be the same amount that top players in GGO earn monthly, it is only this much."
Seeing Kikuoka's gesture of raising 3 fingers—
Frankly, I shuddered. If you had that much, the latest 24-core grade CPU in a new machine could be paid for with spare change left over. However, once again, renewed suspicion arose.
"...Don't lead me on, Kikuoka-san. Why does this matter have to be obsessed over this much? This is almost certainly a retrofitted rumor, occult talk that's common to occur on the net, I believe. The two people that got a heart attack, who hadn't shown their figures in game because of it, that kind of fabled story being concocted."
When asked openly, Kikuoka used his slender finger to adjust his glasses, hiding his expression from me. There was no doubt that he was considering just how much of his answer would be the truth, and how much of it would be deception. What a cunning man.
"—Actually, my superiors are the ones concerned about it."
The high-level official who began to speak returned to his usual smile.
"Full Dive technology's influence on reality is the most notable among the fields at the moment. The impact on society and culture is certainly great, but in the field of biology it has also attracted much controversy. Such as: in which ways can virtual worlds change a human's way of existence? Hypothetically speaking, if there are any signs of danger, and that kind of conclusion was reached, a movement to put regulations on it will come about. In fact, it reached the stage of right before a legislation being passed at the time of the SAO incident. But I— or rather, the virtual department, did not consider retreating in front of the flow as the proper course of action for the enjoyment of VRMMO games, and for the sake of your new era of youths too. That is why, before this one incident attracts strange attention, we want to know all the facts before it can be used by the regulation advocates. It would be best if it was merely a hoax but what we want is to be certain of it. —Up until now, in any way we can."
"...With that understanding of the youths of the VR game generation, your principles, I'll just interpret them as good will. But if you really are concerned about that issue, what about direct hits on the operating company? If you analyze the logs, you should be able to investigate the player who shot «Zekushiido» and «Tarako». Even if the personal information registered in the game is fake, you could still contact the provider from the IP address, and you would find out his real name and address that way."
"—As long as my arms are, even they cannot reach the other side of the Pacific Ocean."
Kikuoka's frown had, this time around, seemed to display an unfeigned weariness.
"«Zasker», the company that develops and operates Gun Gale Online... is an unknown organization that we know next to nothing about and they have their server in America. While the in-game player support seems to be fairly solid, let alone the real address, even the phone number and e-mail address are kept private. Good grief, ever since «The Seed» got publicized, it's one of those sort of shady VR worlds that have been sprouting non-stop like weeds."
"...Oh, is that so?"
I interrupted, while shrugging. Only Agil and I knew about the origin of the VRMMO development support package «The Seed». Similarly, the sudden appearance of the floating castle Aincrad in the reborn ALFheim Online was, to the general public, a leftover from the former SAO server that was managed by the currently non-existing RECTO Progress, which is how the matter was settled.
"And well, for that reason, if we're thinking about grasping the truth of the matter, we have no choice but to get into direct contact within the game. Of course, we'll consider even the most remote possibilities, and the utmost of safety measures will be taken. Kirito-kun will, in a room prepared by us, dive into the game, and we will disconnect you right away if there are any abnormalities in the output of the AmuSphere being monitored. I won't ask you to get shot; it's fine as long as you get me an impression from what you see. —You'll do it right?"
Before I had realized it, even my mind was stuck in this situation where I couldn't say no.
I really shouldn't have come to meet him... While seriously regretting the decision, I began to feel a slight amount of interest at the same time.
The ability to interfere with the real world from inside the virtual world... If such a thing really existed, then was it a clue to the world alteration that Kayaba Akihiko was striving for? The incident that began in the winter three years ago, was it still unresolved...?
If that was the case, then the obligation of witnessing the destination of its development would be mine as well.
I shut my eyes tightly, took a deep breath, and spoke.
"...I understand. As annoying of a ride as it'll be, if it's just going into the game then I'll go. But I don't know whether or not I will encounter this «Death Gun». In the first place, even his existence is questionable."
"Ahh... About that."
Kikuoka grinned with an innocent face.
"Did I not mention it? During the first shooting incident, one of the players present took an audio log of it which I compressed and brought the data along. It's «Death Gun»-shi's voice and by all means, listen to it."
To the Kikuoka holding out the wireless earphone, I seriously cursed 'that heart of yours should stop' in my thoughts, while glaring at him.
"...thanks for going out of your way to do this."
After putting on the earphones I had received, Kikuoka prodded the screen with his finger. Soon, a low bustling was playing in my head.
Then, the bustling disappeared suddenly and the strained silence that followed was torn by a sharp declaration.
"This is real power, real strength! Foolish people, engrave the fear of these names in your hearts!"
"This gun's name and mine: «Death Pistol»... «Death Gun»!"
It was tinged with a somewhat inhuman, metallic sound.
And yet, from behind the cry, I could strongly feel the presence of the living player behind the character. The owner of this voice, rather than just role-playing, seemed to radiate the genuine urge of the desire for slaughter.

Chapter 2
She checked the watch on her left wrist as she exited the C10 exit of Chiyoda Line's Otemachi Station.
There was more than five minutes left before the agreed time of 3:00 pm. As Yuuki Asuna was about to lower her wrist, her eyes paused casually at the small calendar window in the watch's dial.
Sunday, December 7th, 2025.
It may not be a special anniversary, but within Asuna's chest, the seed of a certain strong emotion had sprouted. As she began to walk along Eitai Street[9], she looked up, facing the main gates of the Imperial Palace and murmured without letting her voice out.
—Soon, it will have been one year...
Left unspoken were the words, "since my return to the real world."
After the floating castle of steel (SAO), to the bird cage in the treetops (ALO), she was subsequently rescued and returned to the real world in mid-January of this year. The fantasy world was gradually becoming a memory, but even so, she still occasionally felt strange about herself living like this in the real world.
The wide walkway paved with stone, the roadside trees shaking in the cold air and pedestrians walking with their faces buried beneath the collars of their coats or mufflers. Walking slowly in the midst flow of the crowd, was Asuna herself.
Everything around her was not digitally coded 3D objects, but real minerals, plants and creatures.
But how do we interpret what «real» is? If it's just made with atoms and molecules, then it would be the same as virtual polygons. Because those polygons' real identity are electrons contained in a server memory element. That is not much of a difference in elementary particles.
Saying that, the only problem probably comes from reversibility. The objects that exist in the real world, whether biological or non-living; if they were destroyed, it was impossible to recover them to the original state. But in the virtual world, then it is easy to regenerate the original object without a single byte of bad information.
...No.
That's not it. In that world – in Aincrad, what you lost and what you could not recover really existed. The two years spent in that floating castle, what Asuna touched, felt, obtained and lost were without a doubt all «real».
If that was the case.
"....The differences between the real world and the virtual world... what are they....?"
She unconsciously whispered, and to her question -.
"Just the quantity of information."
Came an answer from beside her, its unexpectedness caused Asuna to jump.
"Wa, waa!?"
She hurriedly looked for the source of that voice and noticing a boy's face, blinking in surprise.
Slightly long front hair. A very thin profile, but it made him look sharp. Dressed in a black shirt with a black jacket over it and faded black jeans.
His appearance is very similar to the avatar he used, the fact that there wasn't a sword hilt on his back felt very unnatural. Asuna took deep breaths to dissolve the sweet ache of longing arising from deep within her heart; she opened her lips and said.
"...I was surprised because you appeared so suddenly, did you use a transfer crystal?"
After hearing this, the boy— Kirigaya Kazuto revealed a bitter smile.
"It's not suddenly. Is this not the agreed time and place?"
"Eh...."
After being asked, Asuna looked around again.
The soft afternoon sunlight bathed the pedestrian street, and with the light flashing from the water surface. A little bit in front, a bridge connected with a large solemnly guarded door. Indeed, it was in front of the Imperial Palace, where she had arranged to meet with Kazuto. It seemed she was walking while thinking, and had reached the destination.
Asuna gave a shy smile and shrugged her shoulders.
"Ahaha, it seems like I was on autopilot. Umm... anyway, good day Kirito-kun."
"That's dangerous, the real world doesn't have navigation function. ...Hello Asuna."
After greeting each other, Kazuto's black eyes suddenly narrowed, staring at Asuna.
"Wh... what? What happened to you suddenly?"
Wondering if something strange happened, Asuna put her hands in front of her and asked. Then Kazuto hurriedly shook his head, and stammered:
"Ah, no, that is... Umm... I think this dress fits you well, it reminds me of..."
"Eh....?"
She unintentionally looked down at her form, it took two seconds for her to fully understand what he had said to her.
Today she was wearing a winter coat made of white tweed. Below that a knitted ivory and red checkered argyle skirt.
In short, all of the colors were associated with the no longer existing guild, «Knights of the Blood». Thinking back, in Aincrad almost every day, she was dressed in the red and white knight uniform. That probably awoke Kazuto's memory of those days.
Touching the left waist area with her fingers, Asuna gave a smile.
"...That's true. But I don't have a rapier... —That's right Kirito-kun too, today you are dressed entirely in black."
Hearing that, Kazuto also gave a shy smile.
"But without the two swords. ...In fact, I have been trying to avoid wearing black from top to bottom, but Suguha was washing our clothes this morning, and these are all I had left."
"That can happen if you leave your laundry lying around."
Her cuff met Kazuto's, and they held hands.
"Well, today we accidentally wore the «colors from those old days». What a coincidence."
She said while looking from a slightly higher position into Kazuto's eyes. Kazuto gave a small cough, and a monotone answer:
"Well, we have been meeting for a year like this; it was bound to happen sometime."
"Oh you, there you should have just said 'That's right'!"
Asuna gave a small pout then pulled the hand in the leather jacket.
"I say, don't just stand while talking, let's go. The day will get dark soon."
"Oh, okay."
Asuna stuck close to the nodding Kazuto, and the two headed over the bridge.
The old-style main gates against the white walls were shrouded in red sunset, casting black shadows on the bridge. Although it was Sunday, there were very few tourists due to the season.
They passed by the guards in thick coats, through the gate, and obtained a plastic admission ticket from a small office. Through the silver fence, it was hard to believe that it was the center within central Tokyo, with a vast and quiet stretch of woods.
Although it was Asuna who asked where they should go on Sunday, it was Kazuto who decided the meeting place to be «in front of the main gates».
The Imperial Palace itself was not open to the public, but within the moat, the «East Garden» in the northeast corner, was open to the general public on selected days of the week— that information, Asuna had not known until today. Of course, it was the first time she had actually stepped in there. Walking on the broad and fascinating trail, Asuna once again felt a strange feeling, she turned to the boy beside her and asked:
"...Oh yes, why did you choose the Imperial Palace for our date? Kirito-kun, are you interested in history?"
"Well, not really. The main reason was... recently, I was called around here for some stupid business..."
For one moment, his nose flared while remembering something, but soon returned to his original serene smile and continued.
"I'll tell you about that later, but don't you think that the Imperial Palace is a somewhat interesting place?"
"...Interesting? How so?"
Kazuto blinked his eyes, pointing his jacket right arm at the thick trees around.
"North-south about 2 kilometers, the east-west span 1.5 km. The north park and outer gardens combined area are approximately 2.3 million square meters, occupying twenty percent of Chivoda-ku[10]. Compared to the Vatican or Buckingham Palace, this is much larger, but it loses to the Palace of Versailles... It's not only the surface, there is not a single underground railway or tunnel below, and no type of aircraft is allowed to fly above. In short this place is a vertical wall through the center of Tokyo, a huge no entry area."
Hearing that, Asuna pictured a map of Tokyo in her head. Moving her left index finger round and round in the air, she nodded in understanding.
"That is to say, the heart of most of the trunk roads, ring lines, radial lines, is based on this point as the center...."
"That's right, Tokyo is not checker board shaped like Kyoto, it is disc-shaped, with a radial concentric circle city. And that center, not just the physical level, even information has been perfectly blocked. Like the old ALO «World Tree»... sorry. I remind you of the bad memories."
"No, I am fine."
For Asuna who had experienced long imprisonment in the old World Tree, she shook her head at Kazuto's consideration and asked:
"Prohibition on the physical level, I understand... but information, what do you mean?"
"Ah, that..."
Kazuto suddenly glanced at the surrounding trees, and with small hand movement points to several areas.
"You see, there and there, have surveillance cameras, right? That security system, it is now on a completely standalone system. This is a private closed network with not a single connection from the outside."
"Ah... Oh yea, the camera has a weird shape."
Looking at where Kazuto pointed, she saw a black sphere on top of a pole. It looks more like lighting than a camera if you don't know about it.
"The next generation security technology is being tested, I heard the rumor... —In short, this place is the center of Tokyo, but at the same time, an isolated «other world» as well... I might be exaggerating a bit."
"Ahaha, a little."
While chatting, they went by a huge stone wall, and the walkway changed to a ramp going up. After walking in silence for a while, their view opened up fully.
The other side is a huge lawn, almost hazy in its size. As it was winter, the grass had withered to a light brown, the leaves on the trees around had almost all fallen. With the arrival of spring, it would be a refreshing view.
"This is the Edo Castle ruins. In historical plays, the inner palace used for stage is supposed to be a bit north of the grass fields."
"Let's go see!"
Holding his hand again, Asuna began to pick up the pace. There were still not many people; most of them were foreign tourists. On the way, they passed a family with two cute-blonde sisters, and a husband and wife, who requested their help to take a picture. After Kazuto happily did so, the wife smiled and said, "We will take a picture of you two as well", Asuna shyly stood beside Kazuto as their picture was taken.
After receiving the image data on the mobile phone, we parted from the young sisters as we waved goodbye. After seeing the family moving further away in the orange colored light, Asuna sighed involuntarily.
"...Tired?"
With Kazuto's question, she inadvertently caught a brief glimpse from him.
"W-R-O-N-G! I want our future to also be like.... that, um... really!"
Her cheeks blushing at the line she blurted without thinking, she bolted ahead in a scurry.
"H, Hey, wait up!"
While in a short race with Kazuto chasing, they soon came to a fork in the road splitting to the north and south of the lawn. At the fork in the road was a bench, she sat down on it.
Even so she turned her face away, and Kazuto who sat next to her shyly said:
"Mm, well, that is... if she gets a younger sister, I'm sure Yui will be happy, yea."
Hearing something that was too similar to a fastball, Asuna's blood rushed to her cheeks once again, she giggled.
"Y, you're right."
"Come on, laughing now is mean of you..."
"Ahaha, sorry sorry. But really, it would be nice if Yui-chan could cross over to this side and live with us too..."
What they're referring to by Yui, was the name a young girl they both met in the former SAO server. Her true form was actually a players' self-regulation program for mental maintenance, that is, an AI. She recognized Asuna as her mother and Kazuto as her father. When Aincrad was on the verge of collapsing, her core program was saved to Kazuto's Nerve Gear and was spared from being deleted. Currently, in Kazuto's room, she was «living» inside a dedicated stationary-type machine prepared by him.
But, direct contact with Yui was only possible exclusively under a full dive environment— in other words, within ALO only. Although in the real world you could use a mobile phone and have her there, the battery capacity was not long enough and they could not «always be together»."
So, even if Asuna loved Yui like a daughter, and Yui yearned for Asuna as a mother, there was always a wall in the space between the two of them, separating them between the virtual world and the real world...
Suddenly, Kazuto held onto Asuna's left hand.
"Don't worry, one day we'll be able to live together. FullDive technology will evolve more, and AR[11] environments will become more commonly used, surely."
"Mm... Right... that's right."
"Yeah. The boundary between real and virtual will become more and more blurred in the future. Right now, there's still a difference in the amount of information making a wall though..."
After listening to Kazuto talk, Asuna deeply bowed her head, and firmly held his hand, then suddenly raised her head.
"Oh that's right, you said that earlier. The difference between the virtual world and the real world is only the amount of information. What did you mean by that?"
"That is..."
Kazuto looked away for an instant, and then looked to their hands together on the bench.
"For example, within ALO, holding hands like this, it is different from the real world right?"
After being told, Asuna focused her senses on her left hand.
The elastic of the palms in contact. The warmth that drove away the cold winter air. Thus far, the ALO fairy avatar could feel the same thing. However, the skin to skin attraction, the friction of their palm lines, and the weak pulse due to their blood flow, is something that even the most advanced FullDive virtual technology could not fully reproduce.
"Yeah... that's right. The real hand can feel a lot more... I see, this is «more information», right?"
"Yes. But afterwards Amusphere will continue to evolve, what happens when the feeling of skin and the throbbing can be reproduced? Only through contact, are you able to distinguish between a real and an avatar hand?"
"I can."
Asuna's immediate answer, was beyond Kazuto's expectation, so he blinked. Looking at his face, Asuna went on to add:
"If it was Kirito-kun's hand, that is. If it was someone else, then probably not."
At that moment, Kazuto's hand temperature and pulse increased. Upon noticing this, Asuna laughed and continued:
"Not just touch, but sight, sound, taste and smell all have more information in the real world now. So... even if the current Amusphere has AR function..."
"Yes. After looking or touching, you will know whether it's real or not."
AR function means to use the Amusphere while awake, combining real sight and sound with digital information. If that was possible, then it could replace computers and mobile phones. In your view, you could have a virtual desktop where you could browse the net or type mail, do street navigation, have information tags on people or things, the use would only be limited by imagination.
Currently, RECTO started working with large information producers to develop that machine, but due to physical activity leading to the pulse focus being shifted, the need for high-capacity battery, and other problems, it had not reached a practical level.
"...Unfortunately, with the current headgear type, there is argument that constant AR is not possible. However, one day there will be a breakthrough in technology, if we are able receive large capacity five senses data in the real world... Or if, without a bed and electrical plug, we can full dive anytime."
Asuna nodded to Kazuto's words, and continued where he left off.
"We will cross the barriers of the world, and be together with Yui always. ...That day will surely come."
"Yes, for sure."
Their words, without a doubt, were almost the same as what they said while thinking of the separated Yui in the twenty-second floor in Aincrad. Noticing that, Asuna felt a warm feeling spreading through her body and rested her head on Kazuto's right shoulder.
That reunion promise, was delivered in a few months.
That's why for sure; their words now would soon become a reality.
The short winter day made the sun seem like it was falling behind the trees to the west. The sky was dyed red; the returning birds were flying in groups.
Hundreds of years ago, the people who lived in the city on that huge lawn probably looked at the same sunset. And then hundreds of years in the future, in a different world changed by time, someone will look at this same red sky...
"...Ah..."
Asuna's chest suddenly tightened with a homesick feeling and she gently sighed. She glanced at Kazuto beside her. When she met his eyes, she smiled.
"Somehow, I understand. The reason why you brought me here."
"Eh... you do?"
"Yes. —If the world exists in the «time» axis and the «space» area, then Tokyo... that is to say that the center of our real world is without a doubt this place. Then... currently the center axis of the virtual worlds that are expanding due to «The Seed» is, the no longer existing, that «castle». That's why this sunset color, is so nostalgic..."
At Asuna's words, Kazuto blinked several times before he opened his mouth wide.
"I see... that might be. I did not really consider that aspect. But... after listening to Asuna's words, I am able to understand one thing."
"Eh, what is it?"
"Aincrad's shape. It might be that laminated conical structure is a symbol of the «time axis and space area»."
Asuna thought for a moment and then nodded slowly.
"Yes... that might be true. But if that were so, the world that Leader created, with a sophisticated schedule, will converge and perish. That is, if someone or other didn't make it suffer a huge explosion in the middle of it."
"S, sorry... Miss sub-leader."
They both softly laughed at the same time. After a few seconds, Kazuto took a deep breath, and still holding hands with Asuna, he stood up from the bench.
"Now then, it's about time we head home; this place closes at five."
"Mm, next time let's bring Lisbeth and Lyfa-chan as well. Eating lunch on the lawn will be a very happy occasion, surely."
"Sure, when it's spring. Of course."
Pulling on Kazuto's hand, Asuna stood up as well, and she looked to the sky and the sunset one more time.
I want to go home, she thought. However, Miyasaka in Setagaya-ku, where the Yuuki residence was located in the real world, was not the home she thought of. Their «forest home» on the twenty-second floor of Aincrad, though it existed only for a short time, was the home she was referring to.
Although that little log house was erased, along with the collapse of the floating castle— now to Asuna, a single warm place existed in her heart. Prior to its realization, above ALfheim's World Tree, the rented house in «Yggdrasil City» had become Asuna, Kirito and Yui's home.
Walking toward the north Hirakawa gate exit, Asuna asked Kirito:
"Hey, can you login tonight? I want to tell Yui all about today."


"Yeah, sure. Around 10pm should be fine."
He smiled and nodded, and suddenly began to express a very difficult expression.
"Huh, did you have something to do?"
"No, that's not it. Tonight should be okay though... That is, Asuna, I..."
Kazuto, who rarely stammered when he spoke, mumbled "Uhh— umm— err" for a few seconds, but what he said next would scare Asuna:
"...I, very soon, might transfer ALO's «Kirito» to another game..."
"...Eh, eeeh!?"
Birds erupted from the tree nearby in response to Asuna's sudden exclamation of surprise.

Chapter 3
Twilight.
The low lying clouds were stained yellow by the setting sun.
In the wilderness of rock and sand, the shadow cast by the tall relic building ruins was getting longer and longer. If we continued to wait for another hour, we must consider switching to night combat equipment.
Fighting with night vision goggles dampened the excitement of killing or being killed, so it was not Sinon's preferred way. Before the sun fully disappears, please let the target party appear quickly, she muttered while crouching behind the concrete. Moreover, her five partners who were also waiting gloomily in ambush were no doubt thinking of the same thing.
Voicing the doubt lurking within everyone's mind, a front line party member lowered his small-caliber short handled gun and whispered.
"Really, how much longer are we supposed to wait... Hey Dyne, are they really going to come? Is the information reliable?"
The man in question, Dyne, with his large rock-solid body and rough face, is their squadron (guild) leader; he lowered the large assault rifle from his shoulder and said while shaking his head.
"Those guys have been using the same route to go hunting for the past three weeks, at nearly the same time everyday. I have personally confirmed that information. Indeed today they are a bit late; they must have ran into some Mob (Monster). That means our share will increase, so stop complaining. "
"But."
The front line man became even more displeased and pouted.
"Today's prey is the same group we attacked the previous week, right? They may have changed their route as a precaution..."
"It has been six days since the previous ambush. Since then, they have always gone to the same hunting grounds. They are a squadron specialized for farming Mobs..."
On Dyne's face, was a mocking smile.
"No matter how many times they were attacked, even if their loot was robbed, they think that they just need to hunt more to make up for the loss. For anti-personnel squadrons like us, they are the best prey, and we can do this two or three more times."
"But, that's hard to believe. Normally, if people were attacked once, they will come up with some kind of counter measure."
"The day after they may be alert, but people become careless after a while, as they are used to fighting the predictable algorithms of field Mobs every day. Because they hunt only those Mobs for so long, their repetitive farming makes them act like Mobs themselves. Just a bunch of people without any pride."
The more Sinon heard, the more unpleasant she felt. She buried her face deeper into her muffler, and emotional fluctuations slowed her trigger finger down. Although she understood all of that, hearing Dyne's impertinent speech caused irritation to bubble up in her heart.
Laughing at a specialized routine Mob hunting party, his own supposedly PvP (Anti-personnel) squad ambushing that kind of party in a similar fashion didn't seem to hurt his pride. Instead of waiting for so many hours in this neutral field, it would be better to go to the underground ruins and fight a high level squadron that would result in higher gains.
Of course, the chance of total defeat, dropping equipment, and returning to the street through «Death Return» was higher too. But that is what a real battle is and only through that sort of tension was the soul forged.
It had been two weeks since she was invited to this squadron that Dyne led, and she soon regretted joining. Their PvP main objective was sort of a lie, because they only went after weaker opponents. And if there was even a minuscule sign of danger, they would retreat; it's a safety first kind of group.
So far Sinon had followed the squadron policy without a single objection, quietly following Dyne's instructions and pulling the trigger. However, she was not doing it out of loyalty. She was gathering data on his way of thinking and trying to learn his movements, for if they became enemies on the battlefield one day, she would need to put a bullet between his eyebrows (head shot).
She didn't like his personality, but in the previous Bullet of Bullets he was ranked 18th. His strength came from his stats build and the rare «SIG SG550» assault rifle below his shoulder. Spitting out 5.56mm caliber bullets, the assault rifle was undeniably powerful. That's why she kept silent and just continued flashing her eyes, collecting information that the unguarded Dyne spilled out.
Dyne continued his speech.
"...In general, they usually bring optical guns for hunting Mobs; they should not have prepared enough anti-personnel real bullet guns for everyone. At best, having one support fire gun is the most they can do. To smash that guy, I had Sinon bring her sniper rifle today. There are no blind spots in the battle plan. Right, Sinon?"
Having the conversation suddenly turn toward her, Sinon slightly nodded with her face buried in the muffler. She kept her mouth shut, showing no intention of joining the conversation.
Dyne made a bored snort, but an attacker turned to grin at Sinon and said:
"Well, that is true. Sinon's long distance sniping being one of the best hasn't changed. —Oh, that's right, Sinon..."
With a smile on his face and without leaving the cover of the material's shadow, the attacker crawled on all fours to Sinon's side.
"Today, do you have time afterwards? I would like your advice on improving my sniping skill. Would you have a cup of tea somewhere with me?"
Sinon took a quick glance at the weapon on the man's waist. His main weapon was a bullet type sub-machine gun «H&K UMP». He seemed to be an AGI type. His evasion during face-to-face battle was above average, but his level and equipment information didn't make him enough of an opponent to be worth memorizing. She had to think hard to remember his name, and she bent her head slightly.
"...Sorry, Ginrou-san. Today, I am busy in the real world..."
Her voice was similar, though not the same as her real world voice. It made a high, clear and cute sound that made her feel tired inside, which was the reason why she disliked speaking. The man called Ginrou didn't seem to care that he was rejected, and his ecstatic smile never faded. It seems that for certain male players, just hearing Sinon's voice made them feel a certain arousal and thinking about that made her break out in cold sweat.
When she first started this VRMMO-RPG «Gun Gale Online», she wanted her avatar to be male, with rough and no personality types. She soon found out from the title choice that you can't pick a gender different from the player, so then she wanted to be tall and muscular, like a female soldier, she thought.
However, generated according to random parameters, was a small and delicate female shape, almost doll-like. She instantly thought of deleting that account and making another one. But her friend, who had invited her to this game, had said "What a waste!". Due to his strong insistence, and since she had gained so many levels in the meantime, she couldn't start over again.
Because of her looks, once in a while troublesome events like these happened to her. For Sinon, whose only motivation in the game was fighting, this was just depressing.
"I see, Sinon, are you a student in the real world? A university student? Do you have to write a report or something?"
"...Yea, well..."
As a result, if he had failed once, then he might use school as an excuse to relentlessly invite her. She was actually a high school student, but that was something no one would hear from her mouth.
Then, the other two front line men, who had been tinkering with their status windows, came near as if to restrain Ginrou. One of them, with smoke treated goggles and green front hair, opened his mouth.
"Ginrou-san, you can see that Sinon-san is troubled. Don't talk about real-world subjects here."
"That's right, both he and I are lonely bachelors."
The other, a man with camouflage helmet, grinned, then Ginrou pushed on both their heads with his fists spinning and replied,
"Say what, you two obviously haven't had a spring in many years."
Sinon shrunk her body more beside the three "Hahaha" laughing men and had to wonder.
When the battle is for fighting against other players, while waiting you should concentrate, check your equipment, or find some other useful way of passing time. If you just wanted to make money to convert to electronic money, then joining a Mob hunt squadron would be better. If you just want to meet girls, then even in a fixed-gender kind of title, it doesn't have to be in this unpleasant killing world; a fairy tale game with more female players would be a better choice. What is the reason that these people come to this world anyway?
Burying her face deeply into her muffler again, Sinon used her left hand to caress the body of the large rifle sitting on a two leg stand next to her.
—One day, I will use this gun to blow away your avatar body. After that, can you still smile while talking to me?
She whispered deep in her mind, and as if her irritation was being absorbed by the cold rifle barrel, she slowly calmed down.
"—They are coming."
Whispered the last member of the party twenty minutes later. He had continued to scout for enemies with his binoculars from a hole in the broken concrete wall.
The three front line men and Dyne paused their conversation and the atmosphere suddenly became tense.
Sinon glanced up to the sky. The yellow clouds had slowly turned red, but the brightness was still adequate enough.
"They finally appeared."
After muttering quietly, Dyne moved while crouching down and took the binoculars from the scout. He looked out of a hole with them to check the enemy combat strength.
"...Those are our guys. Seven people... that's one more than last week. Four front line people with optical type Blasters. One person with large caliber laser rifle. And... yes, one person with a «Minimi[12]». That guy used an optical gun the previous week, he must have changed to an actual bullet type in a hurry. He will be the one we snipe. The last person... is covered in a cloak so his weapon cannot be seen..."
Hearing this, Sinon got into her sniping position and placed her face near her rifle's high powered magnification scope.
The six people of Sinon's party were hiding in the ruins of a previous civilization that was built at a slightly higher place. The broken concrete wall and steel frames provided ample cover, and it was the best location to observe the vast wilderness in front.
She looked at the sky again, checking to see if the virtual sun was in a place that would reflect off the lens. Once she confirmed that it wouldn't, she flipped open the scope's front and back flip-up covers.
She put her right eye against the lens, at the lowest magnification, she confirmed small dots moving in the wilderness. She used her fingers to change the magnification dial. With small click sounds, the sesame sized black dots became bigger and bigger, eventually changing to seven players.
Like Dyne said, four people had optical type attack guns, and two of those four had binoculars on their faces, scanning the perimeter. However, to find Sinon's group which was hiding, unless they have maxed the enemy search skill, it was almost impossible.
In the middle of the enemy group were two people walking with large guns on their shoulders. One had a semi-automatic optical laser rifle, the other had a live bullet type light machine gun, «FN Minimi». In the real world, the Japanese self-defense force use them as excellent support weapons. Since over half of optical guns' damage can be reduced by defense fields, the Minimi has an overwhelmingly higher threat.
The two types of weapons found in «Gun Gale Online», live ammunition gun and optical gun, are very different from each other.
The advantages of live bullets is one hit will cause large damage, and it passes through defense fields. But the disadvantages are that you have to carry extra heavy bullet magazines around, and the bullet trajectory is affected a lot by wind and humidity.
In contrast, the optical gun is very light, can hit long range with high precision, and has a smaller magazine pack size. On the other hand, players with defensive equipment could disperse its damage.
For the above reasons, use optical gun against monsters, use live ammo gun against players is the common theory. For these two categories, other than performance characteristics they are quite different.
That is because, the optical guns all have fanciful names and shapes, while live ammo guns have their original shape that actually exists in the real world.
Therefore, like Dyne and Ginrou, a significant percentage of GGO players are gun maniacs who like to hold live ammo weapons, and only switch to optical guns when they are hunting Mobs.
Now, the rifle near Sinon's cheek is a live ammo type. But before she came to this world, she didn't know anything about gun makers. For game play, it was necessary for her to memorize guns like items, but that didn't mean she had any interest in real guns. She believed that the infinite guns in this world were all 3D objects, since she disliked even looking at guns in the real world.
Just one thing. In this world of slaughter, she wanted to continue destroying virtual enemies with virtual bullets until her heart became as hard as a stone and her flowing blood froze.
For that reason, Sinon would pull the trigger today too.
She shook off her excess thinking and moved her rifle a little. At the end of the enemy line, a player walked with massive goggles covering his face and a camouflage cloak and coat covering his body. Like Dyne said, his equipment could not be seen.
He had a huge body. He might have been wearing a large backpack that made his cloak bulge. His hands sticking out of his sleeves were empty. From the look of equipment on his waist, the largest seemed to be sub-machine gun type.
"Because of the cloak, you cannot see his face?"
Behind her came the voice of Ginrou. He might have been joking, but his voice also contained some tension as he continued.
"Can he be that one? The rumored... «Death Gun»."
"Ah, no way. He can't be real."
Dyne quickly replied with a laugh.
"Also, isn't Death Gun supposed to be a small guy wearing a camouflage Ghillie suit? This guy is too big. He is nearly two meters tall. Probably... extreme STR type courier. Carrying found items, ammunition and energy packs. He shouldn't have any large weapon, we can just ignore him in battle."
While listening to these words, Sinon carefully looked at the man in her scope.
Because of the rough armor goggles, his expression couldn't be seen. The only thing exposed was his mouth. His lips were tight together, without a slight movement. The other members, even on alert, were chatting and showing flashes of their white teeth. Only that big man in the back was totally tranquil, silently walking and moving his feet without a single disturbance.
Sinon's intuition from half a year of experience in playing GGO told her that this man was a stronger threat than the one carrying the Minimi. However, other than the backpack, there didn't seem to be any bulges in the cloak. He might be hiding a small high power rare gun. But that kind of gun was mostly optical type, which is not too useful in anti-personnel combat. Then was her feeling of pressure from this man just her imagination...
Lost in thought, Sinon spoke quietly:
"That man, I have a bad feeling. I would like to take out the cloaked man first."
Dyne removed the binoculars from his face, and looked at Sinon with raised eyebrows.
"Why? He clearly isn't carrying any powerful weapon."
"... Although there is no basis. Because of his uncertainties, I have a bad feeling."
"If you are talking about that, the Minimi is obviously a factor of instability. If the Blasters come near while we are dealing with him, then it would be dangerous."
Although defense shields are effective against optical guns, that effect decreases as distance is shortened. In close combat, the number of rounds available in one Laser Blaster magazine could be overwhelming. Sinon grudgingly retracted her opinion and nodded.
"...Understood. The first target is the Minimi. If possible, I want to put the next round into the cloaked man."
Having said that, the most effective sniping is the first shot, before the enemy finds the sniper. After the enemy knew where the shot came from, a «Ballistic Prediction Line» (Bullet Line) is shown to the enemy so they can easily avoid the attack.
"Hey, we don't have much time to talk anymore. Distance 2500."
The scout said after viewing through the binoculars he took back from Dyne. Dyne nodded and turned to the three attackers behind him.
"All right. According to our plan, we will go wait in the shadow of the building till the enemy gets close. —Sinon, after we move we won't be able to see them, so inform us if the situation changes. I will instruct you when to start sniping."
"Understood."
After the short answer, Sinon's right eye once again went to the rifle's scope. The target party had not changed. The members were moving at their usual slow pace through the wilderness.
What separated Sinon from them was 2.5 kilometers of wilderness. In the center a little closer to her side were the ruins of a huge building. The five people including Dyne would use that building and hide in the blind spot, planning to attack violently all at once.
"—Ok, let's go."
To Dyne's short command, the other members except Sinon gave a short reply. With sounds of boots sliding on sand and sand moving, they slid down the back side of the hill. Waiting till the evening wind covered their footsteps, Sinon took out a small headset from below her muffler on her neck and put it on her left ear.
For the next few minutes, as a sniper, Sinon must continuously fight against the pressure and solitude. Her first bullet would affect the battle afterward a lot. The only things she could depend on were her finger and the silent gun. Her left hand caressed the huge gun on two leg stands. The black metal returned cold silence to her.
The reason Sinon was a rare sniper in this world and a relatively well known player was mostly due to the existence of this incredible live ammo gun.
Its name was «PGM Ultima Ratio Hecate II[13]». Full length 138cm, weight 13.8kg, kind of huge size, 50 caliber, that is it uses a 12.7mm diameter large size bullet.
In the real world it was classified in the anti-matériel sniper rifle category, she heard. That is, it was a gun used against vehicles and buildings. Because of that incredible power, according to some long name article, it's supposed to be forbidden to use against human targets. Of course, this world had no such law.
She got her hand on it three months ago, when she was starting to become a veteran GGO player.
On a whim, she went into the huge ruins dungeon below the capital SBC Gurokken by herself. Due to her inattention, she fell down a chute trap.
Gun Gale Online was set in a stage where the people came back on space ships to live on the world that became a wasteland from long ago civilization's huge war. Gurokken's streets were originally the space ship, and below that slept a huge city of ruins from the war. Inside the city ruins, there were an unlimited number of automated fighting machines and mutant creatures who wait for adventurers who dream of making it big in one scoop. The place Sinon fell to was the lowest floor of that place and had the highest level of danger.
Of course, she did not expect to do much as a solo in that place. Her first encounter would be her easy defeat, and she would go back to her street save point as a «Death Return». She walked while accepting that fact. Then, she arrived at a large circular space like a stadium, where a weirdly shaped creature appeared.
From its size and name, it seemed to be a boss class monster, but she had never seen its shape on any of the information sites. When she realized that, the gamer soul inside her was stimulated slightly. Since I am going to die anyway, let's try fighting this guy. While thinking that she went to an air vent on top of the stadium and placed her rifle.
The battle went in an unexpected way. Of the boss monster's heat ray, iron claws, poison gas and other attack patterns, none of them were able to reach where Sinon was hiding. On the other hand, since it was barely within her rifle's shooting range, the damage inflicted by her was light. Thinking about the amount of ammo she had, without missing even one shot, she had to hit what seemed to be the boss's weak point, the small eye on its forehead, otherwise it would be impossible to kill it.
Sinon became cool as ice as she concentrated on doing that. When the boss finally fell, its huge body blew up in polygons. The fight had been going on for three hours.
What the boss monster dropped was a huge rifle she had never seen before. Per the setting of the game, NPCs or players could not make higher tier live ammo guns. The street shops could only sell a portion of the lower tier guns, and the above-average guns could only be excavated in ruins. The rifle she obtained— «Ultima Ratio Hecate II», belonged to the rarest group of excavated weapons.
Right now, including Sinon's Hecate II, only about ten anti-matériel rifles existed on the server. As such, their pricing was frighteningly high, and the price of the gun in the last auction was 20 Mega Credits, or 20 million, in game currency. If converted to electronic money using the ratio of 100 to 1, it would be worth 200,000 Japanese yen.
Sinon was a high school student who lived alone in the real world, and the living expenses she received each month were barely enough. Being plagued by hardships, she was truly unsure of what to do with the gun when she found out about its worth. Recently she was able to convert half of her connection fee, 1500 yen, but that still meant half of her pocket money was gone. Saying that, if she dived more than she does now, it would be difficult to maintain her academic grades. However, if she had 200,000 yen, she could pay all of her connection fees with plenty of money left over.
But, Sinon did not sell the gun. The reason she played GGO was not for earning money, it was for killing the enemy— namely everyone stronger than her; it was for conquering her weaknesses. Above everything else, for the first time she felt in her «heart» that this gun wasn't merely an item.
Hecate II, because of its huge size and weight, a fearsome amount of STR setting was required. Sinon as a sniper had her STR higher than AGI, so she was barely able to equip it. The first time she took it to the battlefield, when she looked at the enemy through the scope, she felt its heavy cold weight in her hands, its power and intention. It carved slaughter, a harbinger of death. Sinon wanted to embrace that feeling, not yielding to anything, never wavering, without a single drop of fear, that shape was here.
Shortly after that, Sinon came to be known as «Hecate»; she found out that the name was from Greek mythology, the goddess who governs the underworld. That gun would be her first and last partner, she decided at that time.

Inside her scope, she saw that the target party continued to move.
Sinon lifted her face to look directly at the wilderness. She could see Dyne's group of five moving closer to the fallen building between the target and her. The distance between the two groups had been reduced to about 700 meters. She returned her right eye to the scope and waited for Dyne's instructions.
Tens of seconds later, the headset came to life with his voice and some noise.
"—We are at our position."
"Understood. The enemy's course and speed did not change. They are 400m from you, and 1500m from me."
"Still a long way, can you do it?"
To Dyne's question, Sinon gave a short 'No problem' reply.
"... Good. Begin sniping."
"Understood."
After the brief exchange, Sinon became quiet as her right index finger moved to the large trigger guard.
In the wilderness through the scope, the first target, the man with the Minimi on his shoulder, continued to walk and chat as usual.
In last week's battle, Sinon was not a sniper; she used an assault rifle and was rear support. She should have seen the man at very close range, but she couldn't remember him. However, since he could equip a support weapon, he must be very high level.
Thump, thump, her heart beat rapidly as she matched that rhythm while moving the reticule cross hair. Distance, wind direction, and the target's movement speed meant she would have to target more than one meter to the upper right of him; she moved her finger to touch the actual trigger.
At that moment, in Sinon's viewpoint, a half transparent shining circle of light green appeared.
The diameter of the circle changed waveringly in cycles, it centered on the man's chest, the widest point going to his knee. It was the «Bullet Hit Prediction Circle» (Bullet Circle) that was only shown in Sinon's view. The bullet fired will hit randomly somewhere inside the circle. At the current circle's size, the man's body was covered by 30% of the circle; in other words, 30% accuracy. Like that, no matter how great Hecate II's power is, hitting the extremities, an arm or leg would be impossible to kill him, the one hit kill ratio is too low.
The size of the Bullet Circle depended on the target's distance, gun's performance, weather, light level, skills, and stats values, the most important parameter being the sniper's heart beat.
The Amusphere monitored the real world body's heartbeat and sent that data to the game system.
When the heart beat with a Thump pulse, the circle was at the largest size. It would slowly get smaller, becoming bigger at the next pulse. That is, for the highest accuracy, the sniping must be done in the valley between each heartbeat.
However, the relaxed state is about sixty times per minute— that is one second cycle in the calm state, but the tension from trying to shoot will double or more that rate, with the circle's widening and shortening speed increasing in response. It was impossible to shoot in the valley between the beats.
That was the biggest reason why GGO has so few snipers.
They could not hit. They couldn't stop the tension when they needed to snipe. Of course, in close combat the heart beat could make the Bullet Circle pulse, but you can still hit at short range with that. For full-auto sub-machine guns and assault rifles, that's even more true. However, sniping at a long range distance of over 1000 meters, the Bullet Circle is usually several times of a man in size. Currently in Sinon's view, the 30% accuracy size is already a miracle.
—But.
Sinon whispered in her heart.
This pressure, anxiety, terror is to what kind of extent. Distance of 1500? That is just like throwing a ball of paper into the wastebasket. Yes—
Compared to that time.
The core of her head became cold. Her heartbeat slowed down like a lie.
—Ice. I am a machine made of cold ice.
The Bullet Circle change cycle slowed down all at once. At the same time her feeling of time extended, she could clearly tell the instant when the circle was at its smallest size.
One... Two... At the third shrinking circle, when it pointed to the heart of the man carrying the Minimi, Sinon pulled the trigger.
A roar similar to thunder shook the world.
From Hecate II's front side muzzle brake, a huge flame erupted, the released bullet cut through the gun sound and moved forward. The recoil shock pushed Sinon and the rifle back, her two feet braced as she withstood the impact.
At the other end of the reticule, maybe he noticed the muzzle flash, the man turned his head this way. His sight crossed with Sinon who was peering through the scope—


At that instant, the man's chest to his shoulders, including his head, became tiny object fragments and disappeared. A bit later, the rest of his body broke like a glass statue being hit and dispersed in fragments. Unfortunately for him, the fearfully high price Minimi he was carrying became a random drop and fell to the sandy ground. For sure, after that man had returned to the street from revival, he would have to contend with the shock of an instant death and the loss of his weapon.
Sinon confirmed the above without emotion, her right hand moved automatically and pulled Hecate II's bolt handle. With a metallic sound a huge shell was ejected, which disappeared after hitting the rock beside.
While loading the next round of ammunition, Sinon shifted her rifle slightly to the right, the second target, the large man with the cloak was within her scope. The man's goggle covered face was looking straight this way. Aiming a bit above that body, her trigger finger tightened slightly. The green Bullet Circle appeared again, instantly shrinking to a dot.
Only three seconds had passed since her first shot. A semi-automatic rifle can fire continuously, but the bolt action Hecate II could not do that. Even so, for average players, seeing their teammate suddenly pulverized, they would be dismayed and shocked, from there it will take them five seconds to recover their mental state, identify the sniping direction, and get ready to evade. If you aim for that confusion, the second shot being successful will be possible, but—
However, the man in the cloak showed no sign of confusion, from the depths of his large goggles staring straight at Sinon. Sure enough, this guy is a very experienced veteran, he must be a well-known player, Sinon thought as she pulled the trigger.
At this point in the man's field of view, the bullet trajectory aiming for him was shown as a «Ballistic Prediction Line» (Bullet Line), a light red half-translucent light. For gun battles, that is the game's nonsense way of making things more interesting, a defensive system assist. If the player has high reaction, high AGI, and enough courage, he can evade more than 50% of the assault rifle continuously fired bullets from 50 meters.
A sniper class's biggest advantage is that only the first shot won't have a Line shown to the target. However, as Sinon's position had already been exposed from her first shot, she no longer had that advantage.
Another roar. From Hecate II's merciless finger released «Death» crystallized bullet that cut through the light yellow atmosphere and flew away.
But as Sinon expected, the man calmly took a big step to the right. Right after, the 12.7mm bullet cut through the space one meter from the large body. It smashed a hole in a concrete wall in the wilderness far behind him.
Sinon's right hand moved unconsciously, reloading the next round, her finger returning to the grip did not go to the trigger.
Any further sniping would be useless. If she must snipe again, she would have to move from her current position, hiding from that man's sight, and wait 60 seconds for the identification information to reset. However, at that point the battle trend should have been decided. While peering through the scope, she whispered to the receiver.
"First target clear. Second target fail."
Dyne quickly replied.
"Understood. Attack begin. ...Go, Go, Go!!"
Zhaa! A sound of ground being kicked while moving out lightly reached her. Sinon blew out her held breath slightly.
The mission she had been given was now completed. Since Hecate II was an ultra rare gun, if she took it into face-to-face combat and died, then if the gun drops, it would be a very grave situation. Dyne said she could go on standby after sniping. Her second shot missing remained in her heart, and she wished that the «Bad Feeling» she had would not come to fruition.
While thinking, Sinon again moved her rifle, she lowered the magnification to see the full enemy party in the scope. The four front line men hurriedly jumped behind a close rock or concrete wall to hide, behind them the rear guard with the large laser rifle and that large man in the cloak—
"Ah...!!"
Sinon unconsciously let out a sound. Just then the large man moved both arms, throwing the camouflage cloak from his body.
The man's two hands had no weapon. His waist didn't have a weapon either.
What his broad back was carrying, that we had been thinking of as an item transport backpack, was revealed.
Between his broad shoulders, a metal rail curved and extended. From that hung an uncouth and precise metallic object.
Inside the Y-frame support, was a cylindrical machine component. Its top part had a big carry handle, below that extended a six barrel cluster gun body. Its length was easily over one meter.
The machine component had a belt link built in, it connected to a large capacity ammo box that hung from the same rail.
That so called gun's huge size and vicious shape, Sinon had only seen it once on the GGO information site's weapon list.
Its name seems to be «GE M134 Minigun». Classified under heavy machine guns. One of the largest firearms to debut in Gun Gale Online. The six linked barrels turn at high speed for loading, firing, and shell ejecting, spitting out 7.62mm bullets at a crazy speed of 100 rounds per second, nightmare was a substitute name for this gun— no, this weapon.
Of course, its weight is also tremendous. Just the main body is 18kg. Together with so much ammunition, it should be more than 40kg. No matter what type of pure STR player he is, it's impossible to be within his max weight limit. Of course, being overweight means there should be a movement penalty.
The reason why that party was moving so slowly, was not because of extending the hunt. That was the man's maximum walking speed.
While terrified, Sinon peered into her scope. In the middle of Sinon's field of vision, the big man reached behind his back with his right hand and grabbed the handle of the Minigun. The large machine gun smoothly slid on a rail and rotated 90 degrees to the right side of the man's body. Both legs wide open, with a stance where the six gun barrels facing forward— the man's mouth below his goggles moved for the first time, forming a fierce smile.
Sinon hurriedly adjusted the dial, reducing the scope's magnification to the minimum.
From the left-side field of view, Ginrou's group of three attackers, holding sub-machine guns, were moving forward. The light bullets from the Laser Blasters that the enemy party's vanguard prepared drew pale blue tails as they met the assault, all of them left ripples, like those on the surface of water, about one meter in front of Ginrou and the others, then disappeared. That was the high performance «Protection Field Against Light Bullets» effect.
Simply because they returned fire with a spray from live ammunition based sub-machine guns, one of the enemy blaster users, who was leaning out from behind a rock was covered in crimson impact effects with a 'pa pa' sound and collapsed. Ginrou and the others pushed forward again, toward the shadow of a concrete wall close to the enemy—
At that time, the big man quickly lowered his waist.
The Minigun's barrels spun at a high-speed, a belt of sparkling light spurting out for as much as 0.3 seconds or so.
Just like that, along with part of the concrete wall, Ginrou's avatar disintegrated, then disappeared. Too quickly, like a sand doll exposed to a water current.
"...!"
Sinon bit her lip then stood up. She picked up Hecate II from the ground, folded the two legs and slung the strap over her shoulder.
The Hecate II, with a total length of 138 cm, dug heavily into the shoulder of Sinon, whose height wasn't even 155 cm, but was still within her weight limit. Her sidearm, the «H&K MP7», was an ultra-compact type sub-machine gun that somehow didn't go over her weight limit, since Sinon's high STR value was just enough to allow her to carry seven magazines for the Hecate II.
Even with the naked eye, she could see the bloom-like muzzle flashes on the battle field nearly one and a half kilometers away. Sinon remained silent, and ran full speed ahead.
Since it had come to that, the flow of the battle had overwhelmingly turned against Dyne and the others. If the Minigun user was alone, then by maintaining at least mid-range distance and constantly moving at high speeds, it would be possible to beat him. However, with the Laser Blaster users providing the Minigun cover, once you closed in to the short range that made defensive field less effective, you could not avoid the opponent.
Although she was a member of the squadron, even if she was to withdraw, she expected that nobody would complain. After all, she had carried out the objective she was commanded to perform as a sniper.
However, Sinon ran in a straight line toward the battle. She was not thinking of helping her companions. Just that Minigun man's smile that floated made Sinon's feet move forward.
That guy could smile on the battlefield only because he had strength. The play time required to obtain the rare Minigun was similar or longer than that of the Hecate. The equipment demanded perseverance to pile on enough STR to be formidable. In addition, the courage he had to calmly deal with Sinon's sniping.
To fight such an opponent, by killing him, the other too weak me— the always sobbing, immature «Asada Shino» would be extinguished.
For that alone, she invested herself in this crazy world. If she was to escape from here, then everything accumulated so far would have been in vain.
Kicking off the dry ground at the highest speed her parameters allowed, tearing through the dusty air, Sinon was at full gallop.
She moved about on the gravel laden sand, avoiding and jumping over protruding rocks, crumbling walls, and others obstacles, rushing into the battle area in just a few tens of seconds.
Her AGI parameter was opened full throttle to assist in making a fierce dash in a straight line. She didn't even slightly consider seeking cover. The enemy group probably already caught Sinon's approaching figure.
Compared to the beginning, the two parties' battle area had shifted significantly. Of course, the ones retreating were Dyne's group. With the Minigun forcibly providing backup with strafing fire, the enemy group's vanguard was pressing the distance steadily. In order to escape the effective range of the optical guns, the four people, including Dyne, were constantly falling back, moving from cover to cover.
Rushing straight into the wilderness to escape was no longer possible. If their figures were exposed, they would be instantly bathed in the Minigun's bullets like a waterfall and honeycombed. Moreover, the concrete wall Dyne and the others now entrusted their backs to was mostly missing in their escape route. That only left the remains of the more than half collapsed building that their initial approach utilized. If they fled there, they would be trapped like rats in a bag.
Sinon, who instantly understood the situation, tried to jump into the shadow of the wall where Dyne and the others were taking a breather. At that moment, three thin red lines of light appeared right in front of Sinon.
"Ku..."
Clenching her teeth, she entered an evasive stance. These are trajectory lines from the enemy attackers that use Laser Blasters.
First, Sinon lowered her body to the limit and slipped under the first Bullet Line. Immediately after, precisely tracing the line overhead, a pale blue heat ray scorched the space. Before her eyes, the second Bullet Line extended. She kicked the ground with her right foot using all her strength and jumped, her body dancing in the air. A laser passed right by her abdomen, and for a moment her vision went white.
The third Bullet Line crossed slightly above Sinon's jumping path. She shrunk her head as much as possible to avoid the incoming heat ray, but the tip of her thin blue short-cut hair was slightly touched by the ray; with a cracking sound, light particles dispersed.
Somehow managing to avoid the continuous Laser Blaster fire, Sinon landed on the ground, in front of her eyes—
A horribly thick, about 50 cm diameter blood colored line bathed her.
No mistake, this is the Minigun's Bullet Line. A few tenths of second later, that storm like burst attack would come.
Sinon whipped her body that was paralyzed by fear, bent her right foot that just touched ground, and again jumped with all her strength. She turned her body in the air, at the top of the high jump her body was laying flat.
Right after, a gale of energy waves passed by, barely below her back, where she felt its turbulence. After the cluster of shining white live ammo passed by her view, another part of the broken wall of the ruined building a little distance away was blown apart.
Just before her back landed on the sandy ground, she turned her body again, landing on hands and legs. At the same time she threw her body forward as hard as she could. After rolling several times, she reached the shadow of the concrete wall where Dyne's group was hiding.
The squadron leader stared with consternation at Sinon who suddenly appeared in front of him. No matter if this looked like good intentions, his eyes did not shine with gratitude, just doubt for someone who stuck her head in a deadly place on purpose.
Dyne soon turned his face, looking at the assault rifle in his hands. His muttered voice, sounded low.
"...Those bastards, they called a bodyguard."
"Bodyguard?"
"You do not know? He's that Minigun user. He is called «Behemoth», a brainy muscular guy that is based in the north continent. He is hired as protection-like things by squadrons with money but no perseverance."
That is a way more respectable play style than yours, Sinon thought, but of course didn't say it. Instead, she turned to look at the three attackers beyond Dyne, who stuck their heads once in a while out of cover to fire blankly at the enemy group. She said in a volume that barely reached their whole group.
"If we continue hiding like this we will be wiped out soon. —The Minigun's remaining bullets are a bit dubious. If everyone attacks at the same time, he will just mow us down without any concern. We have to eliminate that option. The two with SMG go left, Dyne and I will go around right side, M4 stay here for backup..."
Saying up to here, Dyne interrupted with his husky voice.
"...It won't work, there are three Blaster users left. If we rush in, the defense shield effect will..."
"Blaster continuous fire rate is slower than live ammo guns, we can avoid half."
"Impossible!"
Dyne repeated stubbornly and shook his head.
"Rushing in will get you blown away by the Minigun anyway. ...Although it is regrettable, let's give up. If you are too proud to see them win, then logout here...."
Even if you logout in a neutral field, you won't disappear immediately. Your avatar without soul will stay there for a few minutes, vulnerable to being attacked. The probability is low, but weapon or armor random drop could happen.
Thus far, she thought that the leader's retreat timing was way too early, but with this kind of desperation, not mentioning a child's temper, she had never thought he would make that kind of proposal. Sinon stared while half dumbfounded at Dyne's supposedly veteran soldier's face.
At the moment, Dyne showed his teeth and shouted.
"What, don't take the game so seriously! Either way is the same, even if we rush we will die in vain..."
"Then die!"
On reaction, Sinon shouted her reply.
"At least in the game, try to die facing gunpoint!"
Really, why should she say that kind of thing to a man that's just a target. Before that, it meant she would be cutting ties with this squadron.
While part of her heart was thinking that, she took Dyne's camouflage jacket collar and forcefully pulled it. At the same time, she quickly said to the remaining wide eyed three.
"Three seconds will be fine, get the Minigun's attention, I will finish him with Hecate."
"...Un, understood."
The man with goggles on his green hair struggled for a long time then finally responded, and the remaining two team members nodded.
"Ok, we will split in two, left and right go at same time."
Sinon pushed the sulking Dyne's hip, and they moved to the shelter's end point. She took her sidearm MP7 from her left waist, and started a countdown with hand sign.
Three... two... one,
"GO!!"
At the same time, she kicked the ground hard and entered one second ahead, the battlefield where continuous death awaited.
At that moment, a few Bullet Lines appeared in front of her. She lowered her body, while sliding to avoid them, the enemy group entered her field of view.
In front to the right, behind a wall about twenty meters ahead, were two people with Laser Blasters. A bit to the left was another. The Minigun man «Behemoth» was in the center about ten meters behind them, he was aiming for her teammates that went out from the left.
While Sinon was running to the right, she aimed the MP7 in her left hand at the Blaster users. Pressing the trigger slightly made a Bullet Circle show up. There was no way she could control her heart rate, which caused the Circle to pulse around the men's bodies.
Even so she fired. She felt the recoil shock that was nothing compared to Hecate II in her palm, and she emptied the 20 round magazine of 4.6mm bullets in one go.
The reckless counterattack made them panic, and the two Blaster users tried to hide behind the wall, but a few bullets still hit their bodies. It was not enough to drop their HP to zero, but it would buy her a few seconds of time.
"Dyne! Support me!"
Sinon shouted and threw herself on the ground, at the same time removing Hecate II from her back and holding it in her two hands. She didn't have time to extend its two leg stand. Enduring its terrible weight, she peered through the scope.
As it was still set on low magnification, she could see all of Behemoth's upper body. That face instantly turned to look her way, Sinon pulled the trigger without waiting for the Bullet Circle to shrink.
A roar and certain kill flash tore through the space— it passed by right next to Behemoth's head. The attack blew away the goggles from Behemoth's head, turning into powder and disappearing.
She had missed—!
Sinon bit her lips and was going to stand up, then her vision in the scope crossed with Behemoth. Behemoth who exposed his real face, his two grey eyes were blazing with light, his lips had another fearless smile on it.
Sinon's whole body was covered by a huge red light.
Impossible to avoid, she instantly came to the conclusion. From her prostrated firing position, getting up and jumping left or right, there's no time for that.
At least, face the gun muzzle—
Follow her own words, Sinon stood up and looked straight at Behemoth. Suddenly, a few places in that huge body, "Papaa!" sound with light burst.
It was Dyne. While kneeling with one leg on the ground and holding his assault rifle, he fired with high accuracy. In this situation, at this distance, the fact that he can score so many hits means no matter what his personality was, his skills were amazing, while thinking that Sinon jumped with all her might to her right side. Right after, the place she had just been was cut with tens of rounds of bullet storm.
"Dyne! Move to the right more...."
At that point in her shout.
The two Laser Blaster users again appeared from their cover, aiming at the standing Dyne and firing without mercy arrows of light.
The range was way too close. The heat rays passed through Dyne's defense field and hit his body one after another.
Dyne looked at Sinon for an instant. Then he faced forward—
"Uooo!!"
With that single cry, he started running straight forward.
A rain of light bullets attacked Dyne. He dodged, slipped through, while fiercely dashing. But of course, he couldn't avoid all the shots.
The last few seconds, Dyne pulled the protection talisman replacement Plasma Grenade from his waist and threw it at their cover. At the same time his HP was all gone. While his avatar was still facing away from Sinon, he broke into numerous polygon pieces and scattered away.
Subsequently, the world was dyed in white flash.
A giant hammer of God impacted the ground. Green white energy flow went crazy, a huge dust storm went up. Mixed in that, a Blaster user's body flowed in the air, before it reached ground, it was smashed and annihilated.
—Nice Guts!
She gave a short elegy to Dyne who exited the battle, then squinting her eyes from the dust and quickly checked the battle field.
One of her two teammates who took the left wing seem to have been killed by the Minigun, and the Blaster user over there seem to have disappeared.
The right wing, due to Dyne's self-destruction, was a mess. He took one enemy attacker with him and the one left over should be stunned.
Then— within the gradually dispersing dust, a huge silhouette approached her in a straight line.
If this continued, it would be Behemoth and her fighting face-to-face. But at that distance, her sniper rifle couldn't win against the heavy machine gun.
She had to find a way to enter the Minigun's blind spot while she was in a position to fire. But in one-on-one front fighting, there's no blind spot...
—No.
Sinon held her breath for a moment. While the dust that covered everything caused by Dyne's grenade was still here, Behemoth couldn't tell exactly where she was. Of course she couldn't snipe since she couldn't see him clearly either, but maybe she could go to the one place in this area where that bullet storm couldn't reach.
While thinking that, she turned around and fiercely dashed out. She headed for the broken and fallen building ruin at the rear of the battlefield.
Jumping through the entrance, she couldn't see that the rear of the building had collapsed and the yellow sky was visible, but she aimed for the right hand wall— there were stairs going up. While trying not to step on the broken tiles and make a noise, she ran carefully.
On the metal staircase, she should have stepped lightly, but she went up without bothering. She kicked the wall like a dancer to change her direction and went farther up.
She reached the fifth floor, where the stairs ended, in less than twenty seconds. There was a huge window on the left.
From here, she should have a few seconds to take a sniping position without Behemoth noticing.
While thinking that, Sinon placed the Hecate II against her shoulder and looked out the window down at the battle field.
Suddenly her vision was painted red.
A few tens of meters below, Behemoth raised his Minigun to the maximum height and aimed straight at Sinon. He had read her. Her thought and battle plan, everything.
She had no time to retreat or lay down.
So strong. He was a real GGO player, no, a soldier.
However, this opponent was exactly the enemy that Sinon wished to fight. Kill him. Have to kill him.
She didn't hesitate. Without taking a sniping position, she put her right foot on the window sill and jumped right out.
At the same time, like a burning flame, a flash of energy wave came rushing up from the ground. Whack!! Intense shock came from below Sinon's left knee. Her avatar's leg was blown away, and her HP bar went down a lot.
However, she was still alive. She flew past the Minigun's line of fire and danced in space. She was directly above Behemoth's imposing stance.
He probably wanted to shoot till he ran out of bullets, so he backed up, trying to keep Sinon in his firing line. But he couldn't reach her. For a Minigun that was hung on a rail on his back, there's no way it could aim directly above.
While falling, Sinon held Hecate II against her shoulder and peered through the scope.


Her view was full of Behemoth's rough face. In that face, the usual smile disappeared. He showed his teeth, with surprise and anger burning lantern in his eyes.
Sinon barely noticed that her own mouth moved.
What appeared was a smile. Savage, cruel, cold-hearted smile.
While falling, she was not stable enough to shoot far, but the distance was way too close. When her gun muzzle was about one meter from Behemoth's head, her green Bullet Circle shrunk, and fixed on the center of the man's face.
"The End!"
While whispering, she pulled the trigger.
From the finger of the Goddess of the underworld, in this world, the largest energy spear from one bullet was released.
That instantly pierced a huge hole through Behemoth's face and upper body, going deep into the rubble ground.
Subsequently, after the explosive roaring sound passed, Behemoth's huge cylindrical body disassembled and scattered.

Chapter 4
The moment she stepped through the school gates, a dry and chill wind blew against her face.
Asada Shino paused, tightly re-wrapping her white muffler.
Wearing cell-frame glasses, with more than half her face hidden in the fabric of the muffler, she once again started walking. She continued at a brisk pace on the sidewalk covered by autumn leaves, heaving a small sigh from deep within her chest.
...Now, out of the total 608 days for 3 years worth of high school, 156 days have passed.
A quarter at last. With that thought, she was staggered by the asceticism that was imposed on her for much too long. However, if she were to add in middle school, then already 60 percent of the days had faded away into the past. It will end, someday... it will end, someday. She repeated those words in her mind like a mantra.
Of course, although graduation day was approaching, it wasn't as if she had something she wanted to do or someone she wanted to become. Simply, her current self was in the middle of being forced to belong; she wanted to be free from the group known as «high school students».
Attending that asylum-like place day by day, listening to the lectures of lethargic teachers, exercising and doing other things alongside a bunch of people whom she doubted had changed in even a single way since childhood. What kind of meaning was there in doing any of that? Shino really could not understand. In very exceptional circumstances, there were also teachers who gave lessons which she found meaningful, and there were also students who should be respected. But to Shino, none of their existences were essential.
Shino had once told her grandparents, now her legal guardians, that she wanted to work immediately or train for employment at a vocational school, rather than go to high school. Her old-fashioned grandfather had turned red with anger, while her grandmother had cried, saying that she wanted Shino to properly go to a good school and marry into a good family, otherwise she wouldn't be able to stand apologizing to Shino's father. She had little choice but to study desperately, getting admitted into a fairly well-known metropolitan high school in Tokyo, but she was surprised when she entered and got a look. There was essentially no change at all from the public middle school in her hometown.
In the end Shino, just as she had in middle school, routinely counted the remaining days as she journeyed out of the school gates each day.

Shino lived alone in an apartment located halfway between the school and the JR train station. Although it was only the size of six tatami mats[14], no larger than a small household kitchen, it was nice and conveniently situated right next to the shopping district.
The shopping district at half-past three in the afternoon still did not have many people in sight.
First, Shino browsed through the shelf display of the bookstore. Though she found a new book from her favorite author, she held back because it was a hard cover copy and left the store. If she reserved it online, in about a month she could borrow it from the municipal library.
Next, she went to the stationery store to buy an eraser and a grid-ruled notebook. After checking the remaining amount in her purse, she headed to the supermarket located in the middle of the shopping district while thinking about the menu for dinner. Naturally, Shino's dinners were simple and basic meals. As long as the balance of nutrition, calories, and cost were met, taste and appearance were of secondary importance.
While thinking of making carrot and celery soup along with a tofu hamburger, she passed the front of the game center next to the supermarket she was about to enter.
"Asada~—"
In the space between the two shops, a voice called out to Shino from the narrow alley.
Recoiling reflexively, Shino slowly turned 90 degrees to her right.
Three female students, dressed in uniforms identical to Shino's —except with a significant difference in skirt length— stood in the alley. One of them was squatting down and manipulating her cell phone. The other two were leaning against the wall of the supermarket, smiling while watching Shino.
While Shino remained silent, one of them who was standing made an arrogant gesture, jerking with her chin.
"Come over here."
But Shino did not move, asking in a small voice.
"...What?"
At that moment, another one of them approached and, without hesitation, grabbed Shino's right wrist.
"Whatever, just come."
With that, she was pulled before she could even respond.
Shino was shoved in the direction of the alley and out of sight of the shopping district, and the squatting student looked up at her. The leader of the three was a girl named Endou. Her eyes, suspended by black eyeliner, and her pointed chin gave off the impression of some sort of predatory insect.
Contorting her glittered lips into a smile, Endou spoke.
"Sorry, Asada. We just sang so much karaoke, and now we have no money to ride the train home. We'll pay you back tomorrow, so lend us some just for now."
She put up a finger. She meant not a hundred, not a thousand, but ten thousand yen.
They sang and sang but it wasn't even twenty minutes since the end of the class, all three of them even had cards for the regular train fare, and, furthermore, why take as much as ten thousand yen just for the train fare? With that, Shino had listed the logical discrepancies in her mind in quick succession, but would not voice her thoughts.
It was the second time these three had bluntly requested money from her. Last time, she had refused by saying that she did not have any.
While considering that playing the same hand would have a very low chance of success, Shino replied.
"There's no way I would have so much."
Endou's smile disappeared for a moment, and then reappeared. "Then, go withdraw some more."
"..."
Shino silently walked toward the shopping district.. They probably wouldn't follow her to the bank where other people could see anyway. Who would honestly be stupid enough to do something like coming back if you could just leave—as she thought that, Endou's words continued.
"The bag, leave it here. Your purse, too. As long as you have your card it's okay, right?"
Shino stopped and turned around. Though Endou's lips didn't change from the shape of a smile, those two narrow eyes lit up— like an excited cat toying with its prey.
These three people, she had once believed them to be her friends. When she remembered that, Shino could not forgive her own folly.

In moving away from the countryside, she had left behind everyone she once knew. And after entering high school, Shino had nothing in common with her classmates, having no shared interest to talk about, and so remained silent everyday. Endou and her friends were the first to reach out to her.
After they invited her to eat lunch with them, the four of them eventually stopped at fast food restaurants on the way home from school. Shino mostly just listened to their conversations. Even though she secretly couldn't stand what they talked about at times, she was still happy. Endou and company were her first friends in a long time who were unaware of «that incident». She had believed, if it was at this school, she could become a normal student.. Shino did not learn the truth until much later. The three had only approached her after seeing her address on the class register and guessing that she lived alone.
'Can we go to your house to play?' When they asked her that, Shino had immediately agreed. Her apartment had been praised and admired by Endou and her friends, surrounded by snacks and chatting until it was dark.
The next day, and even the days after that, they came to Shino's apartment.
Before long, the three of them used Shino's room to change into casual clothing, then ride the train to go play. One day, they left their belongings at Shino's room and, from that day on, the clothes of the three began to occupy her small closet.
Shoes. Bags. Cosmetics. Endou and her friends' personal belongings began to increase more and more. By the start of May, the three of them would go out to play and return drunk, and then even stay overnight just like that.
Finally, at some point, Shino had timidly complained that if they came here too often, she would be troubled if she couldn't study.
Endou simply responded, "We're friends right?" And the next day, they requested a spare key.
Then, it was on that Saturday in late May.
While Shino was standing in front of her door after coming home from the library, she heard loud laughing voices echoing from inside her room. It was not just the voices of Endou and her friends.
Shino held her breath to listen carefully. The thought of checking her own room was absurd, an act she did not want to do. Clearly, she heard the laughter of several men.
In her own room, there were men she did not know. With such a thought, Shino cowered in fear. It was followed by a burst of anger. She had finally realized the truth.
She walked down the stairs of the apartment, using her cell phone to call the police. Though the police officer that came seemed to be perplexed by the stories told by both parties, Shino had intently repeated, "I don't know them."
"For the time being we'll go to the police station," the police officer told Endou, who then shot a terrible look at Shino.
"Hmph, I see." Endou responded, packed up her stuff, and left the room.

Retaliation came quickly.
Using devil-like investigative abilities, unheard of for their usual group, Endou had looked up the reason Shino lived by herself: five years ago in a far away prefecture, she was involved in the «incident» that has almost been forgotten even on the net. Her past was exposed to the whole school. The students willing to talk to Shino disappeared completely, and even the teachers avoided looking directly at her.
Everything returned to the same as it was back in middle school.
But Shino thought that would be fine.
Her weakness of wanting a friend had clouded her eyes. There is no one who can save you but yourself. She has no choice but to get stronger through her own power, to overcome the wounds left by that incident. In order to do that, friends were not needed. Rather, enemies were fine. Enemies to fight— everything around her, enemies.
After a gulp, Shino took a deep breath, and looked straight into Endou's eyes.
A dangerous light dwelled in those two narrow eyes. This time the smile disappeared completely. Endou spoke in a low voice.
"What? Hurry up and go already."
"I don't want to."
"...Huh?"
"I don't want to. I have no intention of lending you any money."
Without averting her gaze, Shino replied.
Such a firm rejection would provoke even more hostility and malice. Despite knowing this, Shino would not follow their request. To follow their request was to run away and betray a weak resolve, something she didn't want to do. Not because it was Endou, but because she did not want to show herself «a weak self». To become strong, she spent the last five years thinking like this. If she yielded here, then those efforts would have been in vain.
"You bitch... Don't you dare look down on me."
With her right eye twitching, Endou took a step forward. The other two girls quickly circled behind Shino, surrounding her from a close range.
"—I'm leaving now, so move aside." Shino said in a low voice. No matter how much they threatened her, Endou did not have the guts to take real action. These girls were just normal, good children when at home. They should have learned from before not to make it into a police issue.
But.
Endou was very familiar with Shino's weak point— the one spot Shino couldn't defend.
The fancy color on her lips shined as a mocking smile grew.
Endou slowly raised her right fist and pointed it toward the bridge of Shino's glasses. She extended her thumb and index finger from her fist, forming a child's imitation of a handgun. A silly, childish caricature.
However, with only that, Shino's whole body was enveloped by a chilling sensation.
She gradually lost strength in both of her legs. Her balance felt distant. In her eyes, the alley began to lose its color in contrast to Endou's finger before her. Shino could not take her eyes off the index finger's long nail with a glossy shine. Her heartbeat quickened, a high-frequency sound rang in her ears, increasing in pitch rapidly...
"Bang!"
Endou suddenly called out. Almost simultaneously, Shino let out a blood-curdling scream. She could not stop the trembling coming from the core of her body.
"Pfft..., hey, Asada~" While her fingertip was still extended, Endou spoke in a voice mixed with laughter.
"So my older bro has a number of those model guns. Next time, I'll show it to you at school. You like them right, pistols."
"..."
Her tongue could not move. In her dry mouth, it just quivered in a troubled way.
Shino shook her head with a small stutter. If a real model gun was suddenly shown to her in school, she was likely to faint right there. Simply by imagining that scene, her stomach began to shrink, and her body could not help but bend down.
"Hey hey, don't puke Asada~—"
Behind her, there were still voices mixed with laughter.
"But when you puke and collapse in the middle of world history class, it'll be super tough afterwards."
"Well, if it's here, then there are drunken old men puking quite often."
Louder laughter burst out.
I want to escape. I wish I could run away. But I can't do it. The two opposing thoughts echoed loudly inside her mind.
"For the time being, we'll let you off with what you have on you now, Asada. You look sick, anyway."
Endou reached out to the bag held by Shino's right hand, Shino really could not resist. 'Don't think about it, don't remember it.' While thinking that, the vision of her memory revived in a black brilliance. The heavy, wet feel of iron. The smell of gunpowder inside the nose— At that time, a shout sounded from behind her.
"This way! Mr. Patrolman, hurry!!"
A young man's voice.
Endou's hand moved quickly away from her bag. The three people ran out the front with amazing speed, mixing into the crowd of people in the shopping district.
This time her legs really lost strength, and Shino collapsed onto her knees, crouching.
She desperately tried to control her breathing, trying to keep herself from panicking. Slowly, the shoppers noisy conversation and the super market's grilled chicken smell came back and her nightmarish flashback faded away.
How many tens of seconds had she been in that state? Then, from behind, came a timid voice.
"...Are you okay, Asada-san?
Taking one last deep breath, Shino gathered strength in her weakened legs and stood up.
She adjusted her glasses while turning around, and saw a small skinny boy.
He wore jeans and a nylon pullover, with a dark green backpack over his shoulders. Along with his casual clothes, a black baseball cap sat over his little round face. Although he looked like a middle school student, the dark shadows beneath his eyes betrayed his youthful visage. Shino knew this boy's name. He was the only one in this town she could trust— or at least wasn't an enemy. In another world they have a good relationship like comrades.
Feeling her heartbeat finally settle down, Shino gave him a small smile and replied.
"...I am all right. Thank you, Shinkawa-kun— Where are the police?"
She looked at the back of the alley; it was dark and empty, and no one seemed to be appearing.
Shinkawa Kyouji scratched his head through his cap and smiled.
"It was a bluff. It happens a lot in movies and manga right? I wanted to try it once. I'm glad it worked."
"..."
Shino was somewhat amazed, and gently shook her head.
"...You always come up with these kinds of tricks in a flash— Why are you here?"
"Ah, I was at the game center over there. I came out the back door..."
Kyouji looked behind him. On the rain soaked concrete wall near the road, she really could see a small silver door.
"Those guys surrounded Asada-san. I really thought of dialing 110[15]..."


"Yes, you were a great help. Thank you." Shino smiled again, Kyouji also smiled for a moment, then returned to a worried look.
"...Asada-san, this kind of thing...does it happen a lot? That...even if it's me saying it, you should report this to the school..."
"It won't help, even if I do that. It's okay, if they go any further than this, I will really go to the police station. Then again, before worrying about other people, are you... all right?"
"Ah...I'm fine. I have not met those guys again."
The small boy, this time gave a self-delusional sort of smile.
Shinkawa Kyouji was Shino's classmate before the summer holidays. "Was," as he hadn't come to school since the second school semester.
From the rumors she'd heard, Kyouji was severely bullied by the seniors in his soccer club. His physique was small and his family owned a large hospital, which made him look like the perfect target. They didn't ask him for money outright like Endou's group did, but he paid for their food, entertainment and other sorts of stupid stuff, damaging his self-esteem in the process.
Natually, she had never heard about this directly from Kyouji.
They first got to know each other in June, in the nearby municipal library.
Shino was in the second floor reading room, reading The World's Firearms. She had finished most of the graphic magazine.
At the time, she was finally able to look at such pictures without panicking, but looking at the page with «that gun» for around ten seconds was her limit. Right when she hurriedly closed the book, a voice came from behind '...Do you like guns?'
That the person who had said that was her classmate was something she didn't realize until later.
Shino had wanted to immediately answer, 'No way, it's the opposite'. However, then he would question why she was reading the magazine. It would be hard for her to offer a rational response, so she had just answered vaguely.
Now, Kyouji knew that Shino had an extreme fear of guns in the real world, but back then he misunderstood Shino's response. So, he smiled happily and sat in the chair next to her.
He pointed at the graphic magazine and talked about the firearms pictured, while Shino listened with cold sweat flowing within her. But among all that, Kyouji mentioned a «different world».
She knew that Full Dive game machines went on sale a few years ago, and she also knew about the term VRMMO. However, Shino had grown up without playing games, and believed that it was enough for «A World of Swords and Magic» to exist only in fantasy books. She wasn't interested in it.
But the virtual world Kyouji intimately described in a dreamlike way didn't have any swords or magic. In exchange— it had guns. That world's name was «Gun Gale Online» (GGO). The many firearms that exist, or have existed, in real life were precisely reproduced in that world, and the players use those weapons to kill each other in a gruesome wasteland.
Shino interrupted Kyouji, asking him with a sigh.
"—In the game...does this gun exist?"
The boy blinked in surprise, then nodded in an of course fashion.
If it's like that, Shino started thinking. In that virtual world, can she confront «that gun» again? Five years ago, her eleven year old heart was deeply pierced; that black gun left a bullet wound which would never disappear. Can she face that black gun once more; fight it; overcome it?
Shino firmly held her cold, sweat-soaked hands and, in cool voice, asked Kyouji, "To start playing this game, how much money is required?"
Half a year had passed.
Inside Shino was born a girl named «Sinon», a ruthless sniper who became famous in the wasteland of GGO.
But, unfortunately, she still has not met an enemy with «that gun». So Shino does not know. Has her real self —not Sinon, but Asada Shino— really become strong, or not...?
The answer still eludes her. "...Hey, would you like a drink? My treat."
Kyouji's voice pulled Shino out of her deep thoughts. Looking up, she found the sun shining into the narrow alley had already begun to redden.
"...Really?"
Shino smiled, then Kyouji happily nodded.
"I want to hear about your recent rampaging story. In this alley, there's a quiet tea shop."
A few minutes later, sitting in a seat deep within the shop she was led to, holding her hands around a cup of nice, fragrant milk tea, she finally relaxed a bit. Endou will probably continue to find ways to bully her. Well, what will happen will happen, she thought, pushing those thoughts to a corner of her mind.
"I heard, the day before yesterday. You had a big success right?"
She looked up at Kyouji's voice. The skinny boy was poking at the half ball of vanilla ice-cream floating on top of his ice coffee with a spoon, looking at her with upturned eyes.
"...That's not true. The battle plan was a failure. In our squadron of six, four were killed. For an ambush that turned into a firefight, the result can't be called a win."
She replied with a shrug. Thinking of actual firearms in the real world could easily push her into panic, but recently, while talking about things inside GGO, she had managed to stay calm. It is like the virtual world was having a rehabilitation effect. "Still, it's amazing. That Minigun user «Behemoth» has never died in a group battle before this, I heard."
"Oh...is he that famous? I didn't see him in the «Bullet of Bullets» ranking, so I didn't know about him."
"There's a reason for that. No matter how strong the Minigun is said to be, carrying 500 rounds of ammo puts him overweight, so he can't run anymore. «BoB» is a solo encounter fight. If he gets sniped from long distances, it will be over. However if he has adequate support in a group battle, he's invincible. That weapon is against the rules."
Seeing Kyouji complain like that with a pout, Shino could not help smiling.
"...Then, my Hecate II would really be against the rules. After using it, I have to face a variety of troubles, too. That Behemoth-san is probably thinking the same thing, too."
"Geesh, that's luxurious trouble...So, what are your plans for the next BoB?"
"I will enter, of course. I have almost all of the previous top 20 ranked people's data collected. This time I plan to bring Hecate. This time, I will..."
Kill, she was going to say, then hurriedly covered up with:
"...Try to reach the upper ranks."
Shino/Sinon participated in the GGO ranking tournament two months ago, named «Bullet of Bullets». Thirty people who passed the preliminaries entered the main tournament, a battle royal, vying to be the strongest. Despite her efforts, Sinon finished as rank 22nd. As the thirty participants are randomly placed in a wide map at the start of BoB, there is a chance that you can be instantly forced into close range combat. So, she had used an assault rifle instead of the sniper rifle Hecate II. But during close combat, she was killed by a sniper with a «Remington M40» from afar.
Two months later, even if the gun was still hard to manage, she had gained experience with Hecate and gotten used to it. She also obtained a rare light sub-machine gun «MP7», so she could handle close combat more effectively. She will bring the huge rifle to enter the upcoming third BoB, she thought. Basically, she will hide behind cover —even if said to be unfair— waiting for a target to enter her view, and then blow them all away without leaving even one remaining.
In this GGO, filled with powerful warriors, she will kill all her enemies. And when she can be sure that she is the strongest— at that time, for sure...
Kyouji's regretful voice in her ear pulled Shino away from her dark thoughts.
"I see..."
Shino blinked and looked at Kyouji, who was looking at her with somewhat shining eyes. "Asada-san is amazing. You obtained that incredible gun... and your stats are like those guys with STR builds. I invited you to GGO, but you already left me far behind."
"...That's not true. Shinkawa-san got to the semifinals in the previous preliminary tournament too. That fight was mostly luck. What a pity. If you had reached the finals, then you would have been able to enter the main tournament."
"No... I can't. With an AGI build, without some extremely good luck with rare drops, this is as good as I'll get. My stats placement was a mistake..."
While listening to Kyouji's complaint, she frowned.
The other Kyouji, a character named «Spiegel», followed the AGI route, which focused on increasing the dexterity parameter and was popular early on.
This type of character used its overwhelming evasion and firing speed —in this case, rapid fire isn't the gun's actual firing speed, but the time needed to aim and for the Bullet Circle to steady— to destroy other character types. AGI builds held the advantage for half a year since the start of GGO. However, as new maps were conquered, they lacked the STR, the strength to equip the new weapons that became available, or the guns themselves became more accurate so evasion became less effective. Now, eight months after the beginning of service, AGI builds could not be called the main trend any longer. Even so, if AGI types managed to obtain rare, large caliber rifles specialized in firing speed, for example the «FN FAL» or «H&K G3», they could still do well as they are. The previous BoB 2nd rank player called «Yamikaze» was an AGI build— that said, he was beaten by the winner «Zekushiido», a balanced STR-VIT build. However—
For Shino, stats and type related things were just «Character Strength». There was a more important factor which solemnly existed.
That is, a player's own strength; their strength of heart. In her fight the day before yesterday, «Behemoth» usually had a calm composure when he moved, and above that he had the luxury to put on a half smile. The source of that man's strength wasn't his M134 Minigun, but his ferocious smile.
That's why Shino couldn't fully accept the way Kyouji said things were.
"Yes... That rare gun is very strong, although... There are strong people with rare guns, but not everyone with a rare gun is strong. Actually, about half of the thirty people who entered the previous tournament only used customized guns bought in shops."
"That is... Since Asada-san has that super rare gun, and above that you are a balanced STR build, that's why you can say that. There really is a large gap in weapon quality..."
While watching Kyouji sigh and stir his coffee float, Shino realized that saying anymore would be useless, so she tried to end the topic.
"Then, Shinkawa-kun won't be entering the next BoB?"
"...No. Even if I enter, it would be useless."
"I see... Well... you have studies too. You are going to the Prep school's big test right? How were your mock exam results?"
Kyouji hadn't gone to school since summer vacation, and it seemed he had considerable argument with his father over that incident.
His father runs a relatively large hospital, and so the second son Kyouji who was to succeed the family name had been strictly ordered to prepare for the medical department exams. The result of a very tense family meeting was that they would allow him to study at home, but in the year after the next, he must participate in university entrance qualification examinations in order to enter the famous university's medical department where his father graduated from without losing any time. That was their promise, as Shino had heard from him in the past.
"Ah... Yes."
Kyouji nodded and smiled.
"I am fine, I'm maintaining the rank I had while going to school. No problem, Ms. Instructor."
"Good."
Shino jokingly replied, also with a smile.
"Shinkawa-kun's login time is incredible. I was a little worried. Whenever I went in you were always online."
"I study during the day time. Variation is very important."
"Since you spend so much time playing, you must make a lot of money—?"
"...That's not true. It's almost impossible for AGI builds to solo hunt now..."
Since the conversation mood became strange again, Shino hurriedly said.
"Well, making enough for the connection fee is fine...Sorry, I need to go home soon."
"Ah, I see. Asada-san makes her own dinner right? I would like to eat your food again, if possible."
"Ah, ye, yea, sure. Before that... I need to improve my cooking a little."
Shino started panicking again.
Just once, she had invited Kyouji to her home for dinner. Eating the meal itself was fun, but afterward when they were facing each other drinking tea, she felt Kyouji's stare grow more intense, and she had a cold sweat. Even though he was an ultra net gamer and gun maniac, a man was still a man. In retrospect, she decided that inviting him to her single person home was a bit careless.
She did not hate him. Chatting with him was one of the few ways for her to relax in the real world. However, at the moment, she didn't want to consider anything beyond their current relationship. Not until she can destroy the darkness deep within her heart, triumphing over that memory.
"Thank you for your hospitality. Also... really thank you for saving me. You were very cool."
Shino said while getting up. Kyouji was all smiles while he scratched his head.
"If I can always protect you that would be nice. That is... well, when you return from school... can I go pick you up?"
"N, no, it's fine. I also need to become strong."
After hearing Shino's laughing reply, Kyouji's eyes shone once more and his puppy dog eyes disappeared.

Shino climbed the concrete staircase, tinged slightly black after soaking in years of rain.
The second door was the apartment house where Shino lived alone. She took a key from her skirt pocket and inserted it into the old electronic lock. After entering a 4-digit code in the small panel, she turned her key, and heard a metallic click.
She entered the slightly dark entrance way and closed the door with a hand behind her back.
She turned the deadbolt, and after confirming it was locked, she silently let out, "I'm home." Of course, no one answered her.
From the entrance area, a narrow, long space extended about 3 meters. The right side was the apartment's bathroom door; on the left side was a small kitchen.
She put the vegetables, tofu, and other things she bought from the supermarket into the refrigerator next to the sink, then she walked deep into the six tatami room, where she breathed a sigh of relief. As the last rays of sunlight shone through the curtains, she touched a wall switch to turn on the lights.
The room was nothing to be proud of. The floor was covered with vinyl tiles, and the curtains were a plain ivory color. Before the right-hand wall was a black pipe bed, further down on the same side was a similar dull, black colored writing desk, and against the opposite wall was a small chest and a bookshelf, in line. A full length mirror beside them was the main piece of furniture.
She put her school bag on the floor and removed her white muffler. Taking off her coat, she placed it and her muffler on a hanger, and put them into a small closet. She pulled the glossy, dark green scarf from her almost black colored sailor uniform, but while her left hand was pulling down the zipper, she stopped and looked at the writing desk.
After school today had been somewhat troublesome, but she managed to face Endou's threats, so a little bit of confidence remained deep in her heart. True, she did fall into panic, but even so she stood her ground without running away.
And two days ago, inside GGO, she won a death match against the strongest enemy she had ever seen. She felt that her heart was forged in a remarkably strong fire.
Shinkawa Kyouji told her that Behemoth guy was invincible in a party fight. She felt that legend wasn't exaggerated, as that man had released incredible pressure. During the fight, Shino/Sinon had resigned herself to defeat and death— however in the end, she had managed to obtain victory through her own strength.
Perhaps...
Perhaps, now, she would be able to face that memory, and force it to yield.
While not moving, Shino continued to stare at the desk drawer.
Tens of seconds later, she threw the scarf, still in her right hand, on the bed and quickly walked to the desk.
She took a few deep breaths to chase away the fear creeping up her spine.
She put her fingers on the third drawer's handle and slowly pulled it open.
Inside were small boxes for organizing writing utensils and other related items. As she kept pulling the drawer out, what was behind the boxes was slowly exposed. As the box line ends, «that» shape appeared. Shining, dull black, was a small— toy.
It was a plastic model gun. But the make was very detailed, the tiny hairlines running on the surface gave the toy a metallic look.
She fought to calm her beating heart upon seeing that shape, and stretched out her right hand. Her trembling right hand touched the grip of the gun, held it, and then took it out. The profoundly heavy feedback. The freezing cold as if it sucked in all the cold air from the room.
This toy gun was not a model of any existing, real world firearm. The grip was shaped in an ergonomic curve, and above the large trigger guard was a high caliber gun barrel. It might be said to be a Bullpup[16] style gun, with the dull machine part with heat vents placed somewhere behind and above the grip.
The gun's name was «Procyon SL», an optical gun in Gun Gale Online. Its category was a handgun, but it could fire in full automatic, so it was a popular sidearm for fights against monsters.
Although Shino has a storage room in Gurokken, this thing that the real Shino holds is not something she bought. It is not something that is sold in the market anyway.
It happened a few days after she entered the Bullet of Bullets tournament two months ago and lost with a rank of 22nd. Addressed to Shino's game account was an e-mail in English from «Zasker», GGO's operation company.
Though it took her some effort to interpret the contents, it seemed to be a BoB Participation Award. She could choose to receive in-game currency or items, or a Procyon SL model gun in the real world, was what it seemed to say.
Even if it was a toy, she couldn't stand receiving gun related items in the real world, so she initially decided to pick the in-game money. But then she thought of something.
In order to confirm the effect of her use of GGO as «drastic treatment», one day, she must touch a model gun in the real world. That said, for her to go buy a model gun in a toy shop would result in too much psychological conflict. If she asked Kyouji, he would probably happily lend her one, but she couldn't stand the thought of going into panic while accepting it. Buying one on the net was probably her best choice, but looking at various gun pictures in the net shop would weigh her down, so she could never actually buy one. And, of course, there would be the problem of money.
If the GGO operation company sent her the model gun for free, that might be the best way for her. So, after being indecisive up until near the deadline, she chose to accept the Participation Award in the real world.
A week later, the heavy International Postal Parcel (EMS) arrived.
It took her another two weeks to decide to open it.
However, her reaction to it at that time greatly betrayed her expectations. Shino had pushed it into the deepest part of her desk drawer and hid the memory in a corner of her mind.
And right now— Shino once again held Procyon in her hand.
The gun's cold air passed from her right palm to her arm, up to her shoulder, and seemed to seep deep into her body. It was only a resin model, but its weight felt tremendous. It should have been a handgun light enough to spin around with a finger, but she could only feel that it was a chain binding her to the floor.
The gun became warm, stealing the body heat from her palm. And in the cold and sweat soaked warmth, Shino felt another presence.
Who is that?
That is... that... man.
Her heart rate increased to a speed beyond her control. Cold blood coursed through her body, ringing loudly in her ears. She lost her sense of orientation. The floor under her feet tilted, losing solidity.
However, Shino could not remove her eyes from the gun's black shine. She stared at it as closely as if it would swallow her up.
There was a ringing in her ears. It became a high-pitched scream. It was a small girl's scream soaked with pure terror.
Who was the one screaming?
That was... me.

Shino did not know her father's face.
It didn't just mean she had no memory of her father in the real world. Just as the words said, Shino had not seen the person that was her father, not even in pictures or video.
When her father passed away due to a traffic accident, Shino was not even two years old.
That day, the family of three, her father, mother, and Shino, had been heading to her mother's parents' house to celebrate the new year. Their car had been driving near the northeast border of the prefecture, where an old, two lane road ran along a mountain side. Since they had left Tokyo late, it was around 11pm at night.
The cause of the accident was evidenced by the tire tracks at the scene: a truck coming from the opposite direction lost control of its steering on a curve in the road and crossed over into their lane.
The truck driver crashed through the front glass and hit the road, dying instantly.
Their small car was directly hit on the right side[17], was knocked through the guardrail, and rolled down the side of the mountain, only stopping when their car hit a pair of trees. At the time, her father, the driver, was unconscious from serious injuries, but still alive, while her mother sitting beside her father had a fractured left leg. Baby Shino in the backseat was tightly belted down and sustained almost no injury. However, she doesn't have a single memory of that event.
Unfortunately, even the locals didn't use that road too often, especially late at night, so there wasn't a single car passing by. Also, due to the crash, their car's cell phone was broken.
By the time a driver on the old road noticed the accident and reported it the following morning, six hours had passed.
During that time, Shino's mother could only sit and watch while her father slowly became colder and eventually died from internal bleeding.
At that moment, somewhere deep within her mother's mind, something broke.
After the accident, her mother's mental state regressed to when she was a teenager and met Shino's father. Shino and her mother left Tokyo and went to live with her mother's parents. All her father's belongings, and any pictures and video containing him, were gotten rid of by her mother, and she never mentioned any of her memories.
Her mother wanted peace and quiet, so she started living like a country girl. What her mother saw Shino as, she couldn't be sure even 15 years after the accident; perhaps, she viewed Shino as her little sister. Even so, her mother still deeply loved Shino after the accident. She remembered her mother reading picture books and singing lullabies to her at night.
That's why, in Shino's memory, her mother was a frail girl who was hurt easily. Naturally, when she started to understand better, Shino thought that she had to become strong. She thought that she must protect her mother.
Once, when her grandparents were out, a very persistent salesman sat in the entrance, scaring her mother. So, the 9 year old Shino chased him away by telling him that if he did not leave, she would call the police.
For Shino, the outside world had many elements that threatened her mother's peaceful life. I have to protect her, have to protect her, that was her single-minded thought.
That's why— Shino thought back. That's why that incident happened. In a sense, it was inevitable. Shino kept trying to keep the outside world far away, and so that malicious world came for revenge.
Shino, the eleven year old, fifth grader in elementary school, didn't play outside often, usually opting to return home from school immediately and read books borrowed from the library. Her test scores were good, but she didn't have many friends. She was especially sensitive to external interference; there was an incident where a boy played a harmless trick by hiding her indoor shoes, so she hit him for real and gave him a bloody nose.
It happened on a Saturday afternoon, after the start of the second school semester.
Shino and her mother went to a nearby small post office[18] together. There weren't any other customers.
While her mother filled out paperwork at a window, Shino sat on a bench, dangled her legs and read a book placed there for people waiting. She didn't remember the title.
Squeak, she heard the sound of the door, looked up and and saw a man enter. A skinny middle-aged man, wearing grayish clothing, one hand holding a Boston bag.
The man stopped at the entrance and looked around inside the office. His eyes met Shino's for an instant. She thought his eye color looked strange. In the center of his yellowed whites, dark pupils like deep holes moved rapidly. Thinking back now, his pupils were too dilated. It was uncovered later that the man, before he came to the post office, was injected with some stimulant.
But at that moment, Shino didn't have time to question it, as the man quickly moved to a window.
As Shino's mother was completing some sort of procedure at the «transfers & savings» window, the man suddenly grabbed her right arm with his left and pulled. He then threw her away violently. Her mother fell without making a sound; the shock was so great that she froze with her eyes open.
Shino instantly stood up. She was going to loudly protest the sudden, unreasonable violence on her beloved mother.
Then, the man dropped his Boston bag on the counter loudly, and took out a black object from within. By the time Shino realized that it was a gun, the man had already pointed it at the male worker in the window. Pistol— Toy— No, real thing— Robbery—!? A few words flashed by in Shino's mind.
"Put the money in the bag!"
The man shouted in a hoarse voice. Then, he continued.
"Both hands on the counter top! Don't press the alarm button! You there, don't move!!"
Moving his gun left and right, he restrained several workers in the back.
She should immediately run out of the office and call for help outside, Shino thought. However she could not leave her mother lying on the ground and go.
While she hesitated, the man shouted again.
"Hurry and put the money inside!! All you have!! Hurry!!"
The male worker at the window, with his face stiff, held out a 5cm thick bundle of money in his right hand—
At that moment.
Her ears went numb. It took her some time to figure out it was from the loud, explosive sound. Next, ding, a small, metallic sound followed. Something had hit the wall and bounced, falling down around Shino's feet. A small, golden metallic tube.
When she raised her head again, she saw that on the other side of the counter, the male worker's eyes were round and both of his hands clutched his chest.. She could see that under his neck tie, his white shirt was dyed red. At that time, the worker on his chair leaned backward, along with a file cabinet near him, and fell to the ground.
"I told you not to press the button!!"
The man's voice became high-pitched. She could see that his hand holding the gun was shaking. A smell reminiscent of fireworks reached her nose.
"Hey, you! Come here and take the money!!"
The man's gun pointed at two female workers who stood, frozen.
"Hurry and come!!"
The man's sharp voice rang out, but the female workers just shook their head and didn't move. They probably had training to counter robbery incidents, but actual bullets could not be blocked by training from any manual.
The man kicked the lower part of the counter many times in frustration. Maybe he was thinking of shooting another person, as he raised his right hand holding the gun, again. Screaming loudly, the female workers crouched down.
But then, the man did a half turn, and faced the customer side of the room.
"If you don't hurry, I'll shoot another person!! I'm going to shoot!!"
The man's gun was pointing at— Shino's mother who had fallen down on the floor and was looking into space with empty eyes.
The scene happening in front of her was too much for her. Her mother couldn't even move her body. Instantly, Shino thought:
—I need to protect my mother.
The thought that she continuously had since she was a little child, that willpower forced Shino's body into action.
Shino dropped her book and ran out, she held onto the man's right wrist holding the gun, and instantly bit down on it. The child's sharp teeth easily penetrated the man's skin.
"Whaa!?"
The man gave a surprised shout, then swung his right arm along with Shino. Shino's body hit the side of the counter. She lost two of her baby teeth at that moment, but she didn't feel it. In front of her eyes, that man's black gun slipped and fell from his hand. She picked it up while he was preoccupied.
It was heavy.
The heavy weight of the metal was felt through both of her hands. In contrast, the lined grip held by the man earlier was soaked with his sweat, with the man's body heat. It felt like a living thing.
Shino as a child knew a bit about what the tool was for. If she used this, she could stop the terrible man. Led by those thoughts, Shino held the gun up near level with her eyes, both hands' index fingers went to the trigger, and pointed it at the man.
At that moment, the man let out a strange sound and jumped at Shino, trying to get the gun away from her hands. His two hands latched onto her two wrists.
That action was very good for Shino, and in a way it was very bad. She still couldn't figure it out right now. But the simple truth was that, as a result, the man steadied the gun pointing at him.
Right now, Shino had more than enough information on the gun used in the robbery incident— «that gun».
In 1933, 90 years ago, the Soviet army officially used the gun «Tokarev TT33». Then, the Chinese copied it and produced «Type 54 Black Star». That was the gun's name.
The gun was 30 caliber, that is, it used 7.62mm diameter steel core bullets. Compared to the mainstream 9mm guns developed later, its caliber is lower, but it uses a lot of gun powder. For that reason, the bullet's initial speed is beyond the speed of sound, so it has the highest penetration power among all hand guns.
But as the recoil was also large, the Soviet Union in the 1950's designed a smaller gun using 9mm bullets. The «Makarov» replaced the Tokarev as their official gun in history.
This kind of gun was not something an 11 year old child was able to aim and shoot properly. But when the man strongly held onto her wrists trying to steal the gun away, at that instant, Shino pulled the trigger on reflex.
The violent recoil spread from her hands to her elbow then to her shoulders, but the majority of it was absorbed by the man's hands. The air expanded by heat again.
The man made a hiccup-like sound, released Shino's hands, and staggered back a few steps.
In the man's patterned grey shirt near his belly, a dark red circle rapidly expanded. "Aa... Ahaaa!!"
While he released a high-pitched cry, he pressed his hands to his abdomen. Maybe a large blood vessel was hit, as from between his fingers a spray of blood gushed out.
But the man did not fall. Black Star used a small caliber Full Metal Jacket bullet, so while it could easily pass through the human body, its stopping power is low.
With a strange sound, the man moved his blood covered hands toward Shino, again trying to catch her. The blood spraying out of his wound fell onto Shino's hands.
With her shaking hands, as if convulsing, she pulled the trigger again.
This time the pistol made a huge jump, pain shooting through her elbows and shoulders. Her body was thrown backward, her back hit the counter, knocking her breath out. She didn't really hear the gunshot noise this time.
The second bullet hit below the man's right collarbone, once again going through him and hitting the wall at his back. The man staggered, then foot slipped on his own blood, and he collapsed onto the linoleum floor on his back.
"Gaaaaa!!"
But that still didn't stop the man. He roared in anger and put both hands on the floor to try to stand up again.
Shino was panic-stricken. She thought, this time, if she doesn't «stop» the man for sure, she and her mother will absolutely be killed.
She ignored the sharp pain in her hands and shoulders, and walked two steps forward. She pointed the gun at the center of the man who had risen about 20cm from the ground.
The third shot dislocated her right shoulder. This time she didn't support her body and was blown away by the recoil, and fell head over heels to the floor. Even so, the pistol did not leave her hands.
Just as before, the bullet fired violently from the pistol greatly deviated from her target by about 10cm upward—
It hit almost the exact center of the man's face. With a thud, the man's head hit the floor. He no longer moved or yelled.
Shino desperately held her body up to confirm that the man had stopped moving.
—Protected.
Before anything, she thought. She protected her mother.
Shino moved her head, to look at her mother who was still on the floor a few meters away. And, the mother she loved more than anyone else in the world...
Was looking directly at Shino. Fear and panic clearly showing in her eyes.
Shino looked down at her hands. Her hands still holding the pistol were covered with dark red liquid droplets.
Shino opened her mouth, and finally started issuing a shrill scream.
"Aaaa...!!"
As a thin cry tore out from the depths of her throat, Shino continued to stare at the Procyon SL clenched in both of her hands. She could see the blood dripping from the back of her hands to her fingers. No matter how many times she blinked, it didn't disappear. Drip, drip. The sticky drops fell to her feet.
Suddenly, liquid started to overflow from both of her eyes. With a soft distortion, her sight was completely covered by the black radiance of the model gun.
In the depths of the darkness, she could see that man's face.
The third wave of bullets flew toward his face. The wounds were surprisingly small where the bullet shells hit, looking somewhat like moles. However, immediately afterward, a red mist drifted out from the back of his head. All expression and life bled out from his face.
But, abruptly, the left eye alone moved and the pupil, looking like a bottomless pit, gazed at Shino.
It looked straight into Shino's eyes.
"... Ah ... ah ... ... ... ..."
Suddenly, her tongue stuck to the back of her throat and she couldn't breathe. At the same time, she felt her stomach violently constricting.
Shino clenched her teeth, mustered all of her willpower and threw the Procyon to the floor. Immediately, with teetering steps, she ran to the kitchen and turned the doorknob of the bathroom with her right hand, cold and wet with sweat.
At the same time that Shino lifted the toilet lid, hot liquid gushed out from the bottom of her stomach. Until everything in her stomach was discharged, she vomited, again and again, causing her body to twist and spasm.
When the contractions of her stomach had finally settled down, Shino was exhausted.
Her left hand extended to flush the toilet. With a bit of difficulty, Shino rose and, after taking off her glasses, she washed both of her hands and face over and over again with sharp, cold water from the washbasin.
Lastly, she rinsed her mouth, took a clean towel from the shelf and, while wiping her face, left the bathroom. She could not think clearly.
On unsteady legs, Shino returned to her room.
Averting her gaze from it as much as possible, Shino covered the model gun that had rolled onto floor. Lifting it up over the cloth, she immediately threw it to the back of the open drawer. Noisily, Shino closed the drawer and, exhausted, fell face down onto the bed.
Water droplets from her wet bangs and her flowing tears mixed together on her cheeks and soaked her futon. Unconsciously, in a small voice, she mumbled the same thing over and over again.
"Help me... someone... help me... save me... anyone..."

Her memory of the several days right after the robbery incident were not very clear.
When the adults dressed in the navy blue uniform said, in a tense tone, to pass over the gun, her finger had stiffened and, no matter how hard she had tried, would not come loose.
Around her, there were many red lights and yellow tape shaking in the wind. The white light shining from over there dizzied her eyes.
After she was finally picked up by the patrol car, she noticed the pain in her right shoulder. When she timidly appealed, the policeman moved her over to an ambulance— She remembered only bits and pieces of the rest.
While in a hospital bed, two policewomen repeatedly asked about the incident. Even though she said many times that she wanted to see her mother, her request could only be granted afterward.
Shino was discharged after about three days and she returned to her grandparents' house, but her mother's hospitalization lasted over a month. They could no longer return to the mild ordinary days from before the incident.

Due to the voluntary restraint of the media, further details about the incident were avoided in the news. The death of the suspect of the post office armed robbery was reported to the prosecutor, but a trial was not held even once. However, it was a small town incident. The details of what happened inside the post office leaked out— and more than that, they were blown up and exaggerated and they spread through the entire town like a prairie fire.
In the year and a half left of elementary school, Shino was peppered with every derivative of «murderer». Since entering middle school, the insults were replaced with complete disregard.
However, for Shino, the state of her surroundings were not much of a problem. From the beginning, Shino had very little interest in belonging to a group.
But the scar left in her heart by the incident— no matter how many years had passed, they didn't heal and continued to torment Shino.
Since then, just looking at anything similar to a gun would force Shino to vividly recall the memory of the incident and experience the symptoms of a violent shock: hyperventilation, body rigidity, loss of orientation, vomiting, or, in the worst cases, fainting. While these attacks were certainly induced by laying eyes on a toy gun held by a child by the roadside, they could easily be induced even through a TV screen.
Therefore, Shino became unable to watch most dramas and movies. There had also been several times where she had attacks while watching the video teaching materials used in her social science class. Comparatively, books were safe— old works of literature devoid of firearms, especially. So, for the majority of middle school, she passed time in a dim corner of the school library, turning pages of large, complete works.
She appealed to her grandparents that when she graduated middle school, she wanted to work somewhere far away, and was met with strong opposition. Her grandparents wanted her to go to high school. So, Shino said that if she were to attend high school, at least, like long ago, she wanted to attend one in the neighborhood of Tokyo where she had lived with her father and mother. While she certainly wanted to go to a place where there were no rumors and curious stares that always followed her around, more than that, she was confident that as long as she stayed in this town, the wounds in her heart would never recover in her lifetime.
Of course, Shino's symptoms were diagnosed as typical PTSD, and in four years, she received countless counseling. She obediently took the prescribed medicine. But the words of the doctors, along with something strangely resembling a smile on their face, could only go so far as to touch the surface of Shino's heart— scratch it— unable to truly reach the wounded place. In a clean examination room, while listening to them repeat the words "I understand. It was very painful. It was very hard," Shino mumbled the same phrase over and over again in her mind.
—If that is the case, have you ever killed someone with a gun?
Now, on reflection, she realized that that attitude hindered the building of trust and shunned any treatment. Nevertheless, even now, that was her undisguised intention. Was what she did good or evil? A clear, decisive answer to that was probably the only thing that Shino wished for. But of course, a doctor who could answer that question does not exist.
However, no matter how much pain her memory and attacks caused, she never once thought of killing herself.
She did not regret pointing that gun at that man and pulling the trigger. When her mother was held at gunpoint, there wasn't any other choice for Shino. Even if she returned to the instant of that incident, without a doubt, she would have done the same thing.
But if Shino chose the escape of suicide, even that man would turn in his grave, or so she thought.
That's why she wanted to become strong. In that situation, there was only one course of action, though she still desired the strength to say so. Strength, like on the battlefield, where female soldiers defeated their enemies mercilessly. It was because of this that she wanted to try living alone.
When she left the town in which she graduated middle school, the only ones to whom she bid farewell were her grandfather, her grandmother, and her mother, who embraced her and stroked her hair. She would always recognize her as the young child before the incident.
She moved to a place where the air was dirty, the water was hard to drink, and everything was expensive.
And then, she met Shinkawa Kyouji and the VRMMORPG «Gun Gale Online».

Finally, her breath and pulse settled down, and Shino opened her eyes.
Lying face down on her bed, her left cheek on her pillow, in front of Shino's gaze was a full length mirror.
In the mirror, with wet hair clinging to her forehead, a girl looked back. A bit too skinny, with just her eyes appearing large. The nose was small and the lips thin. All in all, she appeared similar to a malnourished kitten.
The sniper rifle user of the wilderness, Sinon. Her build and the hairstyle with short hair tied on both sides of her face resembled Shino, but except for that, nothing else. That girl, as it were, was a fierce wildcat.
Though extremely scared, when she first logged into GGO and was taken to that battlefield not knowing anything, Shino discovered something unexpected. It was very different from the real world's Japan, as the landscape was too much like another world. And in that world, if she tried to touch any kind of gun— no, even if she shot down other players, some of the tension would be remembered to some degree, but those detestable fits would not occur.
Shino was confident that she had finally found a way to overcome that memory. In fact, because she tried playing GGO, if she looked at pictures, the attacks no longer happened to some degree, and she seemed able to talk to Kyouji about the weapons in GGO.
No, it wasn't only that. Half a year ago, when she received the huge yet brutal rifle named «Hecate II», Shino fell in love. While other girls her age had pets or stuffed animals to appease them, stroking the smooth barrel helped Shino to relax, and if she leaned her cheek on the round stock, she felt warm.
Together with this gun, in the virtual wilderness, if she continues to fight, someday, her wounds will close and her fears will vanish. Believing that, she blew away innumerable monsters and players with certain kill bullets.
However.
Really? Is this really all right?
A voice in her heart asked back.
Sinon was already, out of tens of thousands of GGO players, someone in the top thirty. She freely commanded the anti-materiel rifle unlike anyone else at the level of actual combat. She could give anyone she captured in her scope certain death with her unstoppable bullets. A warrior with a heart of ice. It was not an exaggeration to say that was the existence the former Shino hoped to become.
And yet— the real world's Shino, as usual, couldn't even hold a model gun.
Truly... truly... is this all right?
The eyes of the girl in the mirror were, behind her glasses, shaking and seemed to be at a loss.
These glasses she began to wear last year did not have any prescription. They weren't for eye correction, but were used as «protective equipment». The strong NXT polymer-made lenses, for example, would not break even if a bullet hit it— or so it was written in the leaflet. She doesn't know if it was true or not but, she economized her living expenses and the manufactured glasses gave Shino a modest sense of security. Now, when she goes out, if she doesn't always wear them, she won't calm down.
But, in short, she relies on this small accessory.
She closed her eyes tightly and again, a frail question was born in her chest.
Someone... Tell me... What should I do...?
—No one will save me!!
A cry from her heart called her to reject and erase the weak voice within her, and Shino rose up. In front of her eyes, on top of a small table beside her bed, the silver circle on her Amusphere was shining.
It just wasn't enough. That was the problem.
Twenty-one gunners stronger than Sinon still existed in that world. Crush those players, send them to hell, and simply dominate the wilderness as the strongest player of Gun Gale Online, and that would be when—
Shino would completely become Sinon and, in the real world, would be able to gain true strength. «That guy» and «that gun» were, until now, buried in the many targets that Sinon killed and never again will that memory rise up.
Shino picked up the air conditioner remote, turned on a weak heating, took off the jacket of her uniform in one stroke and tossed it away. She undid the hook of her skirt, pulled it from her legs, collected everything and tossed it on her floor. Lastly, she took off her light blue glasses and softly placed them on a corner of her writing table.
She immediately laid on the bed, picked up the AmuSphere, and put it over her head.
With some fumbling, she turned on the power and as soon as the electronic sound informed her of being in standby, she opened her mouth.
"LINK START"
That murmured voice, like a child tired from crying, cracked helplessly.

Chapter 5
After the browser opened, it automatically accessed the site with the start-up URL. Many double-layered windows were displayed.
They were all related to Gun Gale Online, in particular, a collection of information focused on «Death Gun».
«He» used his right index finger to operate the 3D mouse, making the current most relevant site active. On the front page with the words «death gun information summary site», only the words 'Death Gun' were red.
Looking at the history first, it seemed the administrator hadn't made any new updates tonight. He then moved to the message board. Some new ones were written since last night's check, and the status tree was flashing «NEW» icon here and there. He read them in sequence.
—Those two, Zekushiido and Tarako haven't appeared. Has it been one month? Maybe their accounts were irresponsibly disconnected? Someone who can contact them in the real world, if you have any information share it PLZ.
—Told you there wasn't any. It was said no one in their squadron knows how to contact them in real life. Also, whoever discloses personal information in GGO is a fool.
—Since we know the day and time that Death Gun shot them, if those two really died, will we know if we can find any VRMMO player that died around that time?
—Don't loop the topic, read the past log. For a person living alone, no one will notice if they die. We already checked that, asking the police won't get any answers. Incidentally, if you ask Zasker with an English mail, they will send the standard response related to user's personal information.
—As I thought it could be that Zeku-tan and Tarako-tan wanted some excitement for their retirement commemoration. You two, if you don't come out and expose the truth soon, the impact will be lost.
—After all, someone has to use his body as a test, I think. In this case, tomorrow at 2330 I will wear a red rose at my chest and wait in front of the Gurokken central bank's front. Death Gun-san please shoot me.
—Hero debut! But if you don't expose your real name and address before you die, it would be meaningless.
—Or rather please use a Net Cafe for a public dive.
—......
«He» clicked his tongue in annoyance. He moved the mouse wheel to make the next window active. However, no matter which message board or information site, he could not find the desired article or written message.
Originally he envisioned, after two people had died, "Is «Death Gun»'s power real?" That kind of rumor would spread around the net, with GGO players wondering in fear if they were the next target, having people retire from the game— that was what was supposed to happen.
However right now, the foolish net gamers still had not realized «Death Gun»'s real terror, and ended it with talk of jokes. The total number of GGO user accounts had hardly been reduced.
Also, that the real world death of «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako» had not been reported was beyond his calculation. It seemed there was a large number of strange death incidents in the city every day, and if it wasn't a clear crime case, it won't be on the news.
Of course, the hearts of two people «He» shot were definitely stopped in the real world, and he knew they died. That was «Death Gun»'s power.
«He» had a strong temptation to write that information on the summary site's message board. However, it would be hard for him to provide a concrete source for his information, and if he did that then it would weaken the legend of «Death Gun». «Death Gun» will be the first and last absolute warrior to descend on that wilderness, suppressing the management company's power, a real god of death.
Well, fine.
«He» took a deep breath to calm down.
Soon the third «Bullet of Bullets» will be held. «Death Gun» will take part in the tournament, again kill two, if possible three people, that is the plan. Of course he has to pass the preliminary without using that gun. For that day, if he logs in 20 hours a day to train his stats, it will certainly be possible.
BoB is subject to a great degree of attention. «MMO Stream» will broadcast it in real time, and not only GGO but other VRMMO players will be watching it as well. He will not only reign on that large stage in name and reality as strongest, but if the people he shot with that gun disappeared from the net, then there won't be any foolish people who would doubt «Death Gun»'s power.
If he obtains that degree of attention, he wouldn't be able to use his current account anymore, but that doesn't matter. As long as he has that gun, a new «Death Gun» can easily descend into the wilderness.
Then continue to kill. In the plan, the sacrifices will rise up to seven people. At that time there should be players constantly retiring, then the Gun Gale Online title would have been put on a death sentence.
«Death Gun» would become legend.
It won't be comparable to that cursed death game «Sword Art Online» in the number of deaths, that was simply a crazy person cooking the users' brains with a microwave oven.
«Death Gun»'s power isn't of that low dimension. The bullet released in the virtual world will stop the heart in the real world. The only other person who knows the secret is «his» other half. That is why «Death Gun» is the strongest person. He won't become a questionable rumor like the «Black Swordsman» who cleared SAO. The time that he will become the top player of all VRMMOs will soon come.
Absolute power— Legendary devil— The strongest— The strongest— The strongest—...
«He» noticed that without him knowing, his right hand was holding the mouse tightly, he relaxed his shoulders while breathing raggedly.
He was looking forward to that day. If he obtains that legend, then he has no more use for this stupid world. «He» will forever bid farewell to those annoying stupid people.
After closing all the open double windows in the browser, «He» opened a new local HTML file.
Seven portraits in a column— made from cropping GGO screenshots, to the right of each is their name, equipment, and other information. The top picture, «Zekushiido», and the one below it, «Usujio Tarako», pictures were darkened, with a blood red X mark through them.
This is «Death Gun»'s target list, put in another way, this is the number of «Death Bullets» in that gun's magazine. All seven were famous, strong players in GGO.
«He» slowly scrolled down the file, placing the bottom most picture in the center of the screen. The only female player in the seven.
The screen shot was taken from a right side angle. Her pale blue short hair was tied on either side of her face as it came down, hiding half of her cheek lines. It's a shame her mouth could not be seen with the deeply wound sand-yellow muffler around it, but her deep blue eyes that seem like a cat's eyes shone with enough charm.
The name displayed on the right was «Sinon». Main weapon is the anti-materiel rifle «Ultima Ratio Hecate II».
«He» had seen her many times in the game directly. When she was shopping at the Gurokken market street, sitting in a park bench eating a hot dog from a food stand, and sprinting in the battle field with that huge rifle on her back— All of them full of coquettish charm that stirred his desire to possess her. He had almost never seen her smile, her eyes were usually filled with sorrow, but that attracted him even more.
«He» had some hesitation about this girl named Sinon being «Death Gun»'s target. If not only in game, her body and heart in the real world as well became his—
But «His» other half, «Death Gun»'s other arm, probably wished for her death. Sinon was a cold sniper in GGO, there was almost no one who didn't recognize her as a famous player known as the goddess of the underworld. There was no one more suitable than her to be offered as a flower for «Death Gun»'s legend.
«He» stretched out his right hand, fingers stroking the photo of Sinon.
In the touch of the slippy polished screen, «He» really felt the real girl's softness and warmth.

Chapter 6
Turning on the LED lights and leaning sideways to turn while on my bike, I passed through a large gate.
At that moment, feeling the critical gazes of the people walking on both sides of the avenue, I lowered the speed of my bike in a hurry.
This 125cc, 2-stroke, Thai-made, dilapidated motorcycle obtained through Agil's connections was, in this era where electric scooters are common, emitting noise. When she rode with me, Suguha would explode with complaints like "Noisy— Smelly— Uncomfortable to ride." Each time, I'd lie by saying that if she could get used to the wind then she could get used to the noise, but I regretted not choosing a 4-stroke scooter as well.
Possibly, the place I was rushing to was somewhere like this, especially if it was within the grounds of the hospital.
With the speed of a donkey pulling a wagon, I slowly continued along the avenue and saw the parking lot entrance ahead. Relieved, I rode in and parked at the edge of the motorcycle lot. I took out the real ignition key even in this era, and while taking off the helmet, I could faintly smell disinfectant riding on the cold December wind.
It's Saturday, one week after my meeting with Kikuoka in the expensive cake shop.
I had left after reading the email saying that the preparations for my starting area in Gun Gale Online were finished. What kind of place was I heading to? It was a large municipal hospital in the Chiyoda ward, a municipal of central Tokyo. Though I don't usually enter the heart of Tokyo, I already knew the way. It was the same hospital I was previously hospitalized in for my muscle rehabilitation after being freed from SAO.
Though rehabilitation had only taken a month before I was discharged, I had continued to commute back and forth along this road many times for examinations and the like. In the past half year, I hadn't visited the hospital, but when I looked up at the white building, which had become a familiar sight, strong feelings of nostalgia and forlornness rose to the surface. I lightly shook my head, shook out the sentiments, and started walking in the direction of the entrance.
The discussion six days ago on Sunday in which I explained my current situation to Asuna reappeared in my mind. It had been at the promenade in the Imperial Palace near this hospital.

"...Eeeeeehhhhhhh!? Ki...Kirito-kun, are you quitting ALO...!?"
I saw Asuna's eyes, wide with disbelief, begin to grow teary, and shook my head vigorously in a hurry.
"Th... that's not it, that's not it at all! It will just be for a few days; I'll immediately transfer back! The... the truth is, because there is a certain reason, I have to check out another VRMMO..."
With this appeal, Asuna finally relaxed her shoulders and, this time, a dubious look rose to the surface in her eyes.
"Check it out...? If that's the case, why can't you make a new account like usual? Why do you have to convert over?"
"That, that is... It's that 'Glasses' from the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications..."
Then, with some difficulty, I explained why Kikuoka Seijirou's summons comprised half of the reason why the place of the date was the Imperial Palace while intentionally omitting one part.
Just as we arrived at the gate, we finished our general conversation, returned our admission ticket at the window booth, and when we were near the Hirakawa Gate Bridge that spanned over the moat, Asuna, with a really complicated face, said.
"Kikuoka-san's request... Then it seems like it can't be helped. I, somehow feel unsure if it's alright to put my faith completely in him or not... But I am extremely in his debt..."
"No, I have the same feeling."
At that moment, we both wryly smiled.
But Asuna immediately returned to a serious expression, gripping my hands tightly and saying.
"...Return as quickly as you can. 'That' place is our only home.."
I nodded, lowered my gaze to the surface of the moat and replied.
"Of course. I'll return to ALO as soon as possible. It's just research on what's going on in the «Gun Gale Online» game."
—That's right.
I wasn't completely honest with Asuna about the true purpose of Kikuoka's request. In short, the core of my mission was to contact the player who might possess a mysterious power, the rumored «Death Gun». I didn't tell her, because I believed that if I did say it, she would undoubtedly stop me, or perhaps propose to dive together.
It was a selfish excuse, but I had already decided that I have no intention of letting her anywhere near a virtual reality with the slightest hint of danger.
Of course, I also believe that, probably 90% of the time, the «Death Gun» talk was a product of rumors.
That, from a virtual reality, a human in the real world could be killed.
No matter how many times I thought about it, I could not believe that such a thing was possible. AmuSphere, no matter how you say it, is only a machine a bit more technologically advanced than a normal TV. Technology such as «Virtual Reality» and «Full Dive» tend to seem magical but, in the end, it was merely a convenient tool, and was by no means something like a magic item that could detach the soul from a person's real body and transport it to a parallel world.
But, the remaining one-tenth of the probability moved my legs to this place.
Many months ago, I was sorting an accumulation of old electronic magazines within my PC storage; one magazine was published just before the operation of SAO. In it I discovered a short interview with Argus Director Kayaba Akihito. There, while he was alive, he talked about 'it'.
—'It' referred to the «Realized World» called An Incarnating Radius, abbreviated as Aincrad. Within it, all players would see many dreams becoming a reality. They would find swords, monsters, and mysteries, without stopping to realize that amongst those game-like symbols, a power which forces even the players themselves to change exists in that world—
Undoubtedly, I've changed. Asuna, as well, has changed. Even Agil, Klein, Liz, Silica and the others, as in that world, in the two years that passed, we definitely experienced a change in personality to a degree that we cannot return to how we once were.
But, what if we assumed Kayaba's «evolution» did not stop there...? Thanks to the VRMMO execution package «The Seed», now, while at the nook of the limitless growth of the VR Nexus, if we can assume the framework called reality and virtual reality itself are able to change, what kind of factors will be born...?
Making an *uin* sound, the automatic door in front of my eyes opened and the smell of detergent and warm air surged forward and interrupted my unending thoughts.
On top of the fact that two GGO players died in the real world, I cannot affirm that contacting «Death Gun» would pose absolutely no danger. After I return to ALO, if I am honest about this to Asuna, she will definitely get mad. But eventually, she will surely understand.
To me —who supposedly cut off the time to monitor Aincrad, the person named Kirito who released «The Seed» package into the world— there were no other choices beyond this.

After visiting the bathroom, relying on the printout of Kikuoka's email, I finally arrived at the designated room on the third floor of the hospital ward. There wasn't a patient's name on the plate beside the door. After knocking, I pulled the door open—
"Ossu! Kirigaya-kun, long time no see!"
The one who greeted me was a nurse I was acquainted with. She took care of me previously during my long rehabilitation.
Under the nurse cap, her long hair was braided into three thick strands where at the end of that, a small, white ribbon swung. Dressed in a light pink uniform, her considerably tall stature for a girl cast a sharp silhouette that most certainly appeared to be a temptation for the hospitalized patients. On the left side of her chest was a small nameplate with «Aki» written on it.
The small face expressing a smile was certainly, appropriately clean and beautiful like a white-robed angel, but, responding as necessary, knowing she can become scary when she likes, I got out of my stupor in one second and hurriedly lowered my head.
"Ah... He-Hello, sorry for not contacting you."
At that moment, Nurse Aki suddenly extended both of her hands, and touched me, from my shoulders to my arms, and tightly grasped the sides of my stomach.
"Wa...waaa!?"
"O—, you've sufficiently put on some meat. But, it isn't sufficient yet, have you been eating correctly?"
"I, I've been eating, I've been eating. But, uh, how should I put it, why is Aki-san here?"
I looked around the room but in the small, private room, there weren't any other people.
"I heard about you while talking with that government official with glasses. By all means, for the sake of that government official, the virtual... network? You're doing an investigation? Even though it hasn't been a year since you came back, it's difficult, isn't it? Given that, since I was in charge during your rehabilitation, I was requested to keep check of the monitors, and today, I got out of my normal shift. Having talked to my superiors, as one would expect from the power of the state, I certainly felt that. Anyway, again, for a short while, we'll be working together, Kirigaya-kun."
"Ah... Sa-Same here."
Somehow, believing that I am weak to beauties, he came up with this shrewd plan, Kikuokaaaaa— while cursing the agent who wasn't there in my mind, with a smile, I grabbed the hand that Nurse Aki held out.
"...So, that government guy with glasses didn't come?"
"Yeah, he said something about a meeting that he couldn't get out of. He entrusted me with a message for you."
I opened up the manila envelope that was handed over and took out the handwritten piece of paper.
'The report was forwarded by mail to the usual address. It has been requested for the overhead expenses to be paid completely with remuneration after the mission is completed. P.S.: Just because you are alone with a beautiful nurse in a private room, you shouldn't let your youthful impulses run wild.'
At that moment, I crushed the memo completely with the envelope and threw it into the pocket of my rider jacket. If this was read by Nurse Aki, her harassment act could really be prosecuted.
Offering a stiff smile at the suspiciously winking female, I said.
"Ah— ...Well then, we should immediately connect to the net."
"Ah, yes yes. Let's start the preparations."
At the side of the bed that I was guided to, bright colored monitors were lined up and on top of the bed rest, a brand new AmuSphere was giving off a silver radiance.
"Now then, strip, Kirigaya-kun."
"What... What!?"
"The electrodes, to stick them on. In any case, when you were hospitalized, I saw everything already so you don't have to turn red—"
"... Uh, is only the top okay...?
After Nurse Aki thought for a moment, fortunately, she nodded. Resignedly, I took off my jacket and my long-sleeved shirt and lay down on the bed. All at once, the electrodes used by the electro-cardiogram monitor were stuck to various places on my upper body. In terms of AmuSpheres, there exist some that also have heart rate monitors but Kikuoka seemed to have misgivings that the feature might be taken down by cracking. Looking at that one thing, I understood that he is, at least somewhat, truly concerned about my safety.
"Alright, with this, everything is ready."
When the nurse checking the last monitor nodded deeply, fumbling, I picked up the AmuSphere, put it on my head, and turned on the power.
"Uh, well then... I'm off. Probably, I'll be diving for around four, five hours so..."
"Alright. I'll properly watch over Kirigaya-kun's body so don't worry and take care."
"I... I'm in your care."
I wonder how things turned out this way... While I was thinking about this question, seemingly after everything that had happened, I closed my eyes.
At the same time, with my ears, the electronic sound informed me of standby completion.
"Link Start"
After reciting the command, the radiating white light that I had grown used to seeing blocked my field of vision, my consciousness was released from my body.
The moment that I landed in the virtual world, I remembered that faint uncomfortable feeling.
The reason was confirmed after a few seconds. That's because the sky had one side dyed with yellow with traces of faint reddish tinges.
I heard that the time inside «Gun Gale Online» was synchronized with reality. In other words, since it was just one o' clock, the sky was supposed to be the same blue that could be seen through the window earlier in the hospital. Despite this, the sky showed the depressing color of twilight, there was no discernible reason for this.
Anyway, after imagining one thing after another, I shrugged my shoulders and ignored it. The desolate earth setting of GGO was modeled on Earth after the last war. It was probably a production for the sake of giving an apocalyptic atmosphere.
Once again, I turned my eyes to the majestic appearance of GGO's central city «SBC Gurokken» spread out in front of me.
As one would expect, an excellence that only exists in SF VRMMO, that form differs a lot from the newly established capital city «Yggdrasil City» of the world up in the tree, Alfheim and from the previous Aincrad's layered levels' fantastic townscapes.
The buildings with a metallic feel rose as if piercing the heavens, air corridors connecting them together like the mesh of a net. Neon colored hologram advertisements were busily streaming in the gaps between the buildings; approaching the ground, they increased in number, like a flood of color and sound.
Finally, I looked at the ground and what I was standing on was not anything like soil or stone, but a path paved with metal plates.
Behind me was what seemed to be a domed building established as the initial character starting location, and in front of me, a street like a city's main street stretched out. To the left and right of the street, questionable shops were tightly lined up in a spectacle resembling some side street in Akihabara.
Then, the players coming and going were also only groups that held an atmosphere that couldn't go straightforward. Overwhelmingly, there were a lot of males. Perhaps it was due to my experience with ALO, which has a relatively high proportion of females, or possibly, that world's inhabitants' delicate fairies. The sight here instead was overwhelmingly of rough men, strutting while wearing military camouflage jackets and black body armor. Truthfully, it gave a feeling of oppression and, how should I put it, excess, or if I say it clearly, filth. In addition, with all of those unfriendly eyes, truthfully, it was hard to talk to them.
The reason to be overwhelmed was also, that the usual players hung on their shoulders and back; the clunky, black, rustic weapons— guns.
It lacked the decorative-like element of swords and spears and instead, there was only one intention with guns. They are weapons. It was only for the sake of defeating the enemy that it was of this form and color.
In other words, I saw something that can also be said of this world itself and I affirmed it in my mind.
The only purpose to exist in this game is to "fight, kill, and rob." ALO's touted component of "enjoying activities in an illusionary world" was almost completely stripped away.
Therefore, magnificent and pretty figures were probably a negative factor. For the sake of intimidating enemies, outward appearance was an important parameter for the soldiers. Why many of the males grew out their beards and carved out conspicuous scars on their faces was perhaps for this reason.
As for how it concerned me, what kind of appearance does my avatar give off?
I immediately wondered and looked over my own body. For the sake of my objective to be targeted by the prominent evil "Death Gun", I wanted the form of a macho soldier from a Hollywood movie—
...I had an unpleasant premonition.
The skin on both of my hands was glassy white and the fingers were also surprisingly thin. My body, which was wrapped in a black military fighting jacket, depending on the circumstances, was more slender than me in reality. From the feeling of my viewpoint, somehow, I didn't exactly think that my height was very tall either.
Corresponding to the dive into Gun Gale Online, as I explained to Asuna a few days ago, I didn't generate an initial character from the beginning. If I had done that, I would probably never be able to meet "Death Gun", who targets strong people.
Using the VRMMO development and support package, "The Seed", and making generate— more than that, if I were to go into detail, for the worlds that operate with the "Cardinal" system, only one mutual meta-rule existed.
If you use that function, it is possible to maintain those abilities if the character data that was built up in the game was transferred to a game administered by another company. It greatly resembled the SIM cards of cell phone terminals that you can potentially freely replace with a different carrier's terminal.
For example, you transferred a character with stats of 100 strength and 80 speed built up in a game labeled A to Game B. After doing so, a "Relative Preservation" transformation of Game A's strength would occur, and in Game B, a character with 40 STR and 30 AGI would be born. To put it simply, a fighter-type warrior with strength in the upper middle level in ALO would be reincarnated as an upper middle fighter in GGO.
Of course, this isn't a function that increases the copies of a character. The moment it is converted, the character in the original world is completely eliminated and more so, because the only thing that could be transferred was the character, items could not all be brought over, though it is convenient, it was an act that required courage. This time, when I had to transfer over the character that I used in ALO "Spriggan Kirito", to GGO, I forcibly left almost all of my items in a safe in the new general store that Agil just opened up in the Yggdrasil City.
Now then, by the convert function, I acquired the strength of ALO's Kirito, though, because the character was re-rolled and built up, it wasn't the ridiculous status of the Kirito in SAO, but because I couldn't bring over my appearance, like items, I couldn't predict what kind of form would be randomly generated. Therefore, I might as well hope for the form of a brawny soldier, but...
While feeling this unrelenting discomfort, I surveyed my surroundings, and walked up to the mirrored glass that adorned the dome that I had just left.


Then, my eyes widened in astonishment.
"What the hell is this!?"
What was being reflected in the glass was a form that was a hundred light-years away from my hopes.
The height was obviously shorter than when I was a Spriggan, and furthermore, it was thinner. The hair color, without changing, was still black but, the hair flowed smoothly from the top of my head to around my shoulder-blades. My face was, just like my hands, an almost transparent white, and my lips were a vivid crimson.
The eye color as well, even though it was black identical to the hair, it was shining excessively. Those eyes that were fringed with long eyelashes raised a pure yet bewitching sight from the mirror, so much so that I unintentionally forgot that the image was of myself and let my eyes wander freely. Again, I looked at the facade, and let out a long sigh.
Asuna often said that SAO's Kirito had a considerably feminine face, but this form was already beyond that level anymore. Just where the heck would you find a soldier's strength in this form, and with that, I stood frozen in place, in a daze. A guy who was eating something a little way away suddenly waved at me and from behind, called out to me who was reflected in the glass.
"Hey young lady, you have good luck! That avatar, F1300 type! That type rarely comes out. So how about it, since it is now, you only just started, why don't you sell that account? I'll give you two mega credits!"
".................."
Stopping my thoughts about my current state for the moment, I looked at the guy's face but, suddenly, a certain possibility arose and, in a fluster, using both hands, I touched my chest. But fortunately, there was just a feeling of flatness so my misgivings were gone. It seemed that my fear of a sex reversal accident was unfounded.
The recent VR games, for almost all of the titles, forbid changing the sex of the player and avatar. The reason is because the long-term use of an avatar of the opposite sex results in adverse effects for the spirit and body that cannot be ignored. However, I have heard that, because the identification of the players' sex occurs due to the players' brain waves, in extremely rare cases, due to some impulse the system decides with the opposite sex, players have been startled when they dive in.
Now that I think about it, changing the sex setting was possible in the original SAO, but immediately after the start, the system reverted us to our original sex, I wonder if after all, it was because Kayaba understood the adverse effects... And with those sudden out of place thoughts wandering around in my head, I finally looked at the male face, and while shrugging my shoulders, I replied.
"Uhh... I'm sorry but, I'm a guy."
That voice too, though slightly lower, was sufficient to be a tone widely used by girls. Dejectedly, while I was waiting for an answer, the guy, after becoming speechless for a short while, started to talk on and on with vigor.
"Then, then, is that M9000 type!? That's, that's amazing.. Then I'll give you four, no, five megacredits. Sell it to me, by all means, sell it to me please!!"

Selling it, let alone giving it to you, I wanted to exchange it with your outward appearance but, unfortunately, that isn't something that I can do.
"Um, this isn't my initial character but a converted one. It can't easily be exchanged for money. Sorry."
"I... I see..."
The guy, with a characteristic face of disappointment, observed me from all sides but before long, pulling himself together, he asked,
"Gossip then, that rare avatar seems to have been used for a long time in a previous account. As a reference, can you count up your previous account's play time for me?"
"What? My, my play time?"
I suddenly thought about it. The account before I converted, basically, the play time of the swordsman Kirito that went from SAO to ALO was at least around 2 years... in other words, seven hundred and 30 days multiplied by twenty-four hours.
"Uhh... ten thou..."
I started to answer truthfully, but I quickly caught myself. Because it has only been three years since the VRMMO game genre came out, the only ones who have up to ten thousand hours of dive experience are the former SAO players.
"Uh, around one year. That's why, of course it's a coincidence right?"
"I see... well, if you change your mind, please contact me."
After saying that, he pushed an item resembling a transparent card on to me and reluctantly departed. These were cards that had the character name, sex, guild and other things written on them, but then it disappeared into light particles while I was looking at it, but the data had probably been added to the address book or something else in the system window.
With a sidelong glance, I still glared at the me that was unrelentingly reflected in the evil glass, and I wondered if there was something that I could do about it, but nothing came to mind.
This conversion log is embedded into my character data so when I returned to ALO, I will be in Kirito's pointy-haired Spriggan form, but if I convert to the GGO world once again, I will get assigned to this avatar which one couldn't tell apart whether male or female.
'Looking for good luck inside of misfortune' is my motto so I, for a few minutes, thought about this and that and finally, I spun out a "good thing."
The reason that I came to this world was solely to contact the rumored player who was called «Death Gun» and although I didn't want to be attacked, it was the only way in deciding the authenticity of that power by any means possible. For that reason, as long as I showed off my strength, I would definitely stand out.
Because GGO, from the nature of the game, probably has a very small amount of female players, this form that looks like a pretty girl at first glance will definitely stand out in a way that I didn't want to. They would be extremely unlikely to wish for even a fragment of such things like the intimidating air of a battlefield, but here, there is no choice but to covet more combat capability.
In relation to advertising strength, for now, there is one way.
With the common gameplay— in other words, with things like dungeon clearing, and something I don't want to do, namely player killing, time is needed for your name to become famous. However, fortunately, in this game, in just a few days, the event to decide the strongest player «Bullet of Bullets» will be held. I'll register for that event and advance to the finals of the battle royal match. If I cut to the top, I would certainly be noticed by «Death Gun» or perhaps, depending on the circumstances, there is the possibility that the person himself would show up on that stage.
Diving into a game for the first time, I felt uneasy about how I was going to fight or how much, but anyway, I couldn't do anything but try and find out. Fighting against someone who fights with a gun is probably not the same as fighting an archer or a mage in ALO but, generally speaking, there are limits with VRMMO's; there should be a decently common feature. I can only try as much as I can— If I can't reach that power, at that time, it would become the responsibility of Kikuoka who forced this unreasonable task on me.
Anyhow, first is the tournament entry procedure and then the equipment purchase.
I looked at my body one last time, sighed, turned in the direction of the main street, and then started to walk. Immediately afterwards, I realized that I was unconsciously fingering the hair that was swinging against my cheek and was assailed by a dark and gloomy mood.
—After a few minutes, all too quickly, I was lost.
The city with the strange name of «SBC Gurokken» seems to take the form of a huge floor with many multilayered structures seemingly piled on top of one another. In front of me while I was standing still, there were a series of hierarchical buildings like a smaller scale of the floating city Aincrad, the colors of the sunset peeping through the apertures in the distance. The buildings, lined up as if to penetrate the layers and connected with escalator and elevator like corridors through the air, shining and sparkling were, truthfully, beautiful but, in all practicality, were also rather complex like a dungeon.
Of course, I could have brought out a detailed three dimensional map from the main menu but, with my current position, in actuality, it couldn't compare to the scene spread out right before my eyes.
If this was a standalone RPG, I would recklessly walk around in desperation, and even have to walk back to the starting point, but fortunately, this is an MMO. At times like these, there is a measure that one could take.
I found the tag of a person coming and going in front of my eyes that were not of an NPC but a player, and trotting over, called out from the rear.
"Excuse me. I seem to be a little lost..."
And then, immediately thought that I had messed up.
It was because, however I looked, the person turning around was a girl.
The thin pale blue swaying hair was casually short but there was a tuft of hair tied up on both sides of her forehead. Under her distinct eyebrows, large indigo colored eyes that gave off a feline ambiance were shining, and a small nose with a color that continued to her thin lips.
Unwillingly, I had a thought that by some possibility, this person was the same as me and was a boy with a girl-like avatar and ran my eyes over her body with lightning speed but, under the sand-colored scarf, through the open zipper of the jacket, the shirt visually expanded out. Furthermore, she had a considerably small stature. Why I didn't realize that was because my line of sight had also been considerably lowered.
In VRMMO's, situations when a male player who calls out "I've lost my way" to a female player, up to 70%, were entirely to flirt.
—However, unexpectedly, that kind of facial expression immediately disappeared.
"...Did you just start this game? Where are you going?"
The mouth that talked in a clear and pretty voice even had a faint smile appearing. Puzzling it over in my mind as to why that could be, I finally hit upon the reason. This girl was making the same misunderstanding as the avatar buyer who had talked to me earlier. That I was a girl like her. How the hell did this happen.
"Ah...um..."
On reflex, I thought to clear up my gender but right on the verge of doing so, I stopped.
There is a certain reason to this, as the circumstances of this situation seem to be good. After this, at another time, if a male player were to call out to me and misunderstand that I am female, it can become a little bit of a difficult situation. 'Use whatever you can use' is my second motto so, though it is a bit mean to this girl, it's best to just leave this misunderstanding as it is.
"Yes, it is my first time. Where would a cheap weapons shop and the administrative building be? I want to go to those places but..."
After answering with a comparatively, slightly less husky voice, the girl inclined her head in confusion.
"The administration building? What are you going there for?"
"Well... To register for the battle royale event happening soon..."
The moment she heard that, the girl's big eyes grew wide and started blinking with surprise.
"Uh...uhhhh, even though you just started today? Well, there is nothing about who can or can't register for the event, but your level is probably not sufficient..."
"Ah, this isn't an initial character. It was converted from another game...."
"Wow, so that's how it is."
The girl's indigo blue eyes momentarily flashed, and this time, her mouth rose up in a clear smile.
"Is it alright if I ask? Why did you decide to come to this game that's full of dust and reeks of oil?"
"That is... Uhh, until now, I've always been playing just fantasy games but, I thought once in a while, I should try a cyber-like game... Something like a gun battle seemed interesting."
Well, this wasn't exactly a lie. How far the VRMMO sense of someone like me who specializes in fighting with swords can go in GGO somewhat interests me.
"I see. That's why you suddenly want to attend the BoB. You've got guts."
The girl, after a laugh, nodded.
"Alright, I'll show you around. It just so happens that I'm also going to the administration building. Before that is the gun shop right? Is there a gun that you like?"
"Uh, well..."
Even though she said it, nothing immediately came to mind. After I couldn't come up with an answer, she smiled again.
"Well then, let's go to a market with many different types. This way."
Immediately turning around, I frantically chased after the tail of the scarf worn by the girl who had already started to walk.
We walked through winding paths, walkways, alleys, and staircases from one to another that I thought were impossible to remember and after walking a number of minutes, we reached the main street that the path had opened up onto. Positively, I saw a dazzling shop that I thought was a major company's foreign investment group.
"Over there."
She smoothly wove her way through the crowd and approached the shop.
The large interior of the shop was full of various colored lights and noises that it was like an amusement park. The NPC clerks were all beautiful women scantily clad in large silver costumes and lavishing an innocent business smile, but what was shocking was what they were all holding and what was adorning every wall. Shining with a black light, they were all hand guns and machine guns and the like.
"It's... It's certainly an interesting store."
After saying so, the girl next to me also let out a wry smile.
"Truthfully, rather than at the overall shops aimed at beginners, you can find better bargains at the more specialized shops. But anyway, if we can find the gun type that you like, then that's fine too."
Even if she said so, there were many players wearing flashy colored clothes loitering around the inside of the shop, who, compared to the desert color of this girl, gave off the feeling of being beginners.
"Now then, what kind of player are you?"
After being asked, I immediately thought about it. Due to converting from the other world, the tendency of the character's abilities would have been brought over.
"Umm, main focus is strength and then speed... I guess?"
"A strength-agility type huh. Then, probably the type who carries a heavy assault rifle or a large diameter machine gun for the main arm and a handgun for a sidearm would be good... but, you just converted right? Then, money is..."
"Oh... right"
In a flash, I shook my right hand and brought out my window. Even if my abilities were transferred by the convert, it couldn't transfer over items and money. Therefore, the amount of money shown at the bottom of the storage column was—
"Um... 1000 credits."
"...So the initial amount."
When our gazes met, I was met with a troubled smile.
"Yeah..."
Her expression returning, the girl touched her thin lips with her fingertip and inclined her head.
"...With that amount of money, you probably can't buy anything more than a small ray gun... for a live ammunition gun, a second hand revolver... what to do... umm, if it's okay..."
Guessing what she was trying to say, I hurriedly shook my head. No matter what MMO, a newbie who receives too much help from a veteran cannot be praised. I didn't come to this game to have fun but, even so, as a gamer, there is a line that I cannot cross.
"No, it's okay. You don't have to do that. Um... Is there somewhere where I can make some money fast? If I'm not mistaken, I heard that there was a casino in this game..."
The girl, as expected, showed a smile that was slightly amazed.
"For such places like that, it would be better if you have an excess amount of money. That said, around here, there are both small and big ones. If I remember correctly, in this store..."
Pivoting her head, she pointed to the inside of the shop.
"There's a similar kind of gambling game. Look."
Looking closer, it was a large walled off area that, in terms of game machines, was an excessively large substitute.
It was roughly 3 meters wide and 20 meters long. Laid out on metal tiles, surrounded by a waist high fence, an NPC dressed with a gunman butt strap was standing the furthest inside. At the front, instead of a fence, there was a metal closure bar where I could see a square cashier-like pillar.
Behind the gunman, who would sometimes draw his handgun from the holster on his hip, twirl it around with the end of his finger, on the brick wall with countless bullet holes etched into it, at the top, there was a pink neon sign with the word "Untouchable".
"...This is?"
After I asked, the girl, while shifting her finger, explained it to me.
"It's a game where you enter the gate in front of you and while avoiding the gunfire of the NPC inside, you try to see how close you can approach. The highest score until now is, look over there."
Where her index finger was extended and pointing to, in the inner part of the fence on the floor, there was a thin, red, luminescent line. It slightly exceeded two-thirds of the entire area.
"Wow, how much can you receive?"
"Um, it costs 500 credits to play and you get 1000 if you break through ten meters, and 2000 for fifteen meters. And if you can somehow touch the gunman, you get all of the money that players have poured in up until now."
"All, all of it!?"
"Look, the sign indicates that there is a carry over. 1, 10, around 300,000 huh."
"That... That's an incredible amount of money."
"But it's impossible."
The girl immediately replied and shrugged her shoulders.
"That gunman, once you cross the eight meter line, will respond with cheating quick draws. Even though it's a revolver, with an unreasonable high speed reload, it does a 3-round burst fire. By the time you can see the prediction line, it's already too late."
"Prediction line..."
At that time, the girl pulled my sleeve and with a small voice, whispered.
"Look, there is someone who will increase the sum again."
Returning my eyes from the gunman to the entrance, a three-person group of guys were approaching it.
In that group, one person, the guy who was wearing a military jacket apparently intended for use in cold areas with a gray on white camouflage, stood in front of the gate while psyching himself up. He pushed on the top portion of the cashier panel with the palm of his right hand, and with just that, the fare was paid and exceptionally lively fanfare resounded. All at once, from here and there, a gallery of around 10 people gathered.
The NPC gunman shouted a "Let's knock this bastard's ass up to the moon!"—like slang, and brought his right hand to the holster holding his gun. In front of the cold camouflaged male, a green hologram indicating a large number {3} materialized, with a sound effect accompanying the decrease to 2, 1 and at the same time as it reached 0, the metal bar at the gate opened.
"Nuuuuuooooooorrrryyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
The cold district guy, while raising a war cry, dashed a few steps or so I thought, and spread out both legs and did an emergency stop. He opened his eyes completely, and suddenly, bent his upper body to the right, raised his left hand and right foot in a strange posture.
'What kind of dance is that?', is what I thought and at that moment, bullets, shining brightly red, passed through the space ten centimeters to the left of the cold district guy's head, under the left armpit, and under the left knee. The NPC gunman had pulled his gun from his holster and fired three shots in a row. It was a splendid evasion but it was like the cold district guy seemed to understand the course that the bullet traveled through.
"...Just now, that was the trajectory...?"
I whispered, turning my head and the girl with the water colored hair nodded, and replied with the same low voice.
"That's right. Evasion by means of «Trajectory Perception»."
The cold district guy ferociously dashed again right as the firing line disappeared and again, halted immediately. This time, he spread both legs wide and bent his upper body ninety degrees.
Immediately, along with a high-pitched growl, two bullets passed above his head and one below his crotch. Forward again and then halting. It was like a game of «Red Light/ Green Light»
The cold district guy showed quick movements, and all at once, he had advanced seven meters. At that moment, I thought, 'another three meters and he can get back twice the amount he used to play.'
Up until now, the NPC, who has been rapidly firing three shots steadily in the same interval, unloaded the bullets with a lag between the first two bullets and the third bullet. The cold district guy avoided the bullet that flew late with a jump but, with the landing, he destroyed his balance and one hand approached the ground. When he tried to stand up in a rush, it was already too late. The gunman's right hand flashed and the emitted firing line scattered orange colored sparks on the guy's white vest.
A miserable fanfare played. The gunman shouted out abusive victory words and the pool money display in the background, accompanied by a small metallic sound, rose by five-hundred credits. The cold district guy dropped his shoulders, and dejectedly walked out of the gate.
"...so?"
The girl next to me, while slightly smiling under her scarf, shrugged her shoulders.
"Because you definitely can't move in a straight line, you can only move largely to the left and right and whatever you try, that is the limit."
"Hmm...I see. When you can see the perception line, it's already too late."
While I was muttering, I was moving my legs forward and approaching the gate.
"Wait... Wait a sec, you..."
To the girl with wide eyes trying to stop me, I returned a light smile and pushed my right hand on the cashier.
I heard a sound like an old style register. A lively sound reverberated.

Perhaps because of the appearance of another fool or perhaps due to my own appearance, the audience and the three man group grew astir. The girl with the scarf put both hands on her hips and was shaking her head slightly with a fed up expression.
At the same time as the gunman's abusive voice that was different from earlier, the countdown started right in front of my eyes.
I lowered my waist and took the posture for a full power dash. The number decreased and the moment the metal bar opened, I kicked off and jumped onto the floor.
While advancing a few steps, the gunman quickly raised his right hand and from the tip of the tightly held gun, three red lines extended. They were pointing at my head, the right side of my chest, and my left leg.
—The moment I felt this, with all of my strength, I jumped forward to the right. Immediately after, an orange firing line passed through to the left of my body. Right away, I kicked off the panel with my right leg and returned to the center.
Of course, inside a VRMMO game, this was my first time confronting a gun.
However, in ALO and SAO, there are many monsters that attack from long range with bows and arrows, venom, and magic. There is one way to avoid the trajectory of those attacks and that is to read the shooting line from the enemy's eyes. Probably due to the developer Kayaba Akihiro's fixation on details, the behavior of the monsters in VRMMO's based on the cardinal system were all given the characteristic of pointing their sight at the targeted point without any deviation.
The NPC who was pointing his gun at me at this moment was also probably not exempt from this rule.


I stared at nothing but the gunman's eyes, not even looking at the red trajectory perception line or even at the black muzzle. From the lifeless, twitching movements, I grasped the hint of the trajectory that the bullet will fly, and at the same time, just barely moving to the left or the right, and possibly up or down, and avoiding the soundless indicated perception line itself. In fact, when the bullet passed through, I was already entering the stance before the next dash.
When I had avoided two sets of three-burst attacks, it seemed that I had passed the ten meter mark and a short sound effect sounded. However, that sound nearly didn't reach me.
The gunman released the cylinder that had become empty after shooting six bullets and at the same time as he hurled the empty cartridge behind his back, with his left hand, he fully loaded the gun with six bullets. The entire series of operations took half a second —truly a cheat-ish quick draw— to pull off before again being pointed towards me.
The next attack was not the clear cut three-shot rapid-fire up until now. More than half of it due to intuition, I avoided the irregular rhythm of two, one and then three bullets and moved five meters. Again, there was a short fanfare. At the same time was the gunman's lightning fast half second reload.
The remaining distance was five meters and I was already in front of the enemy. It might have been my imagination but I could clearly see the bearded face distort into a loathsome expression.
Under the ten gallon hat, the black eyes quivered a little and moved down to the same level as my chest. Deciding that avoiding to the left or right was impossible, I threw my body down, sliding on the metal tile. I passed under the six firing lines that were released like a machine gun and reached two and a half meters remaining.
With this, the enemy had no more bullets again. Even if there was a half second gap to reload once more, it was enough for a touchdown.
While rising, what I thought was that I saw the gunman's eyes broadly grinning. At least, that was what I felt.
On reflex, I changed the intention of my last dash and jumped up with all of my might.
Without any reload, six laser beams from the revolver passed through the space where I was standing just before.
While screaming 'What the hell was that!' inside my mouth, I spun a complete rotation and landed in front of the gunman.
Here, I wanted to shout out something cool but, before any further trump cards are used, like a beam coming from his eyes, I should decide the match, so I quickly leapt at the leather wearing opponent's chest.
After a moment of silence as if the sounds in the shop had disappeared.
"YOU ACTUALLY....!!!"
Along with that grandiose shout, the gunman collapsed onto the floor onto his knees holding his head with both hands. At the same time, there was a storm of disorderly fanfare.
A collapsing sound resounded, and raising my head to it, the brick wall behind the gunman collapsed as if it exploded from within. Without losing any time for surprise, a rain of all of the goods roughly flowed out from inside. It sprang back up at my feet and as a good sound came from it, it disappeared.
Underneath the neon sign, the digital numbers of the carry-over sum hectically decreased and before long, it became zero and at the same time, the money colored waterfall also stopped. A noticeably noisy sound echoed from inside the shop as the game was reset and the gunman, too, rose up and started to spin his hand gun around his fingertip. As usual, he started to yell out provocative slang but after the cheatingly extreme display of 12 rapid-fire shots earlier, it was doubtful if anyone who decides to challenge him will appear.
"...fuu"
I let out a breath and escaped the game lane from the exit on the left side.
At that moment, from the audience of people that had multiplied at some point, a swirl of commotion sprang forth. Voices saying things like 'what was that earlier', 'who is that person' mingled together.
From the edge of the crowd of people, the girl with the water colored hair, half-jogging, rushed over to me and with both eyes unintentionally wide open like a cat, stared at me. After a few seconds, a jumbled and cracked voice flowed out from her lips.
"... You, what kind of reflexes do you have...? That last moment, in front of my eyes... You avoided the laser beams from two meters away... Even though, at that range, there's already nearly no time lag between the bullet path prediction line and the actual fire..."
"Uh, ummm... that's because..."
I hesitated for a short moment as to how to answer and in the end, said.
"That's because, this bullet avoiding game is a game to predict the bullet path prediction line isn't it?"
"Pre...Predict the prediction line!?"
The girl's cute scream traveled through the air inside the shop. All of the audience also opened their mouths and fell silent.
.................................
After a few minutes, finally, at the point when the crowd had broken up into small groups, I was twisting my neck here and there to see the rifles inside the showcases.
"Umm... Even though the caliber is smaller than the submachine gun, why is this assault rifle bigger?"
I tried the simple question on the kindhearted girl standing next to me, but it seemed like she still hadn't cooled down from the lingering effects of the shock, and like a cat that saw something it doesn't usually see, she was staring at me with eyes mixed with caution and curiosity.
"... You don't even know something like that and you have such an unthinkable evasion skill... You said you converted right? What kind of game were you in before?"
"Uh, umm... I was always in a fantasy type game..."
"I see... Well, whatever. If you're entering the BoB preliminaries, there's an opportunity to show me how you actually fight. Now, what was it, the reason the assault rifle has a small caliber? That started from America's M16, with the high-speed small diameter bullet design concept based on accuracy and an emphasis on penetrating power..."
At that point, abruptly closing her mouth, the girl frowned as if she felt bitterness from her own words. But that strange reaction also disappeared in a moment and right away, a more temperate smile took its place.
"... That kind of thing doesn't matter does it? Now, let's hurry up and finish your shopping."
"Ri...Right. Let's go."
While I was doubtfully nodding, she turned her sight from me and started to slowly walk in front of a large showcase.
"Having earned more than 300K, I think you can buy a pretty good one but... because it comes down to what the person likes and is committed to in the end, the first thing is to know that."
"Committed to...?"
I followed after the girl and looked around at all of the gleaming black guns but, no 'ping' would come. That was natural, as in terms of my knowledge about guns, it ended at 'for handguns, there are revolvers and automatics'.
While groaning, before I knew it, we had reached the end of the display cases that were lined up inside the shop without any gaps. Since it's come to this, I'll leave it up to the girl to decide——— is what I thought when something strange entered my field of vision.
In the corner of a long showcase, something that was clearly different from a gun, a few metal, tube-like objects were lined up.
They were three centimeters in diameter and around twenty-five centimeters long. On one side, a metal fixture like a mountaineering carabiner hung down, on the other side was slightly thicker and in the center, there was a black hole like some kind of discharge opening.
"Umm... What is this?"
Hearing me, the girl gave a fleeting glance and shrugged as if there was a kink in her shoulders.
"Ah... That is a 'Kouken'."
"Ko-Kouken?"
"Sword of light, written as 'kouken'. The actual name is «Photon Sword» but everyone usually calls it 'Laser Blade' or 'Light Saber' or 'Beam Sabre'."
"Sw-Sword!? In this world, there is a sword?"
I rushed up to the showcase. Now that she mentions it, it strongly resembles the weapon in an old science fiction movie that the knights who protect the order of the universe wielded.
"There is but, in all practicality, there's no one who uses it."
"Wh... Why not?"
"Well, that is because, if you don't cross over into close-range, you can't hit, and to get that close, without a doubt, you'll become like a honeycomb..."
The girl stopped her words there and with her lips slightly open, stared at me.
Almost grinning, I just smiled and responded.
"In other words, it's alright as long as I can get close, right?"
"Bu-But, even though your evasion skills are amazing, against a full auto gun... ah."
While the girl had not yet finished speaking, with my finger, I pressed on the one with a metallic black hue coating that I liked. I selected [BUY] from the choices in the popup menu that appeared and with great speed, an NPC salesperson rushed over and with a smile, presented a metallic panel like object. I realized that the green surface scanner in the middle of the board was the same as the cashier in the earlier game and pushed on it with my right palm.
The sound effect of the cash register chimed happily, and the panel showed a black photon sword appearing with a *fuun* sound effect. I took it, and the shop attendant said 'thank you for your patronage~' and bowed before returning back to its position.
"...Ahh, I bought it."
The girl glanced over me from 45 degrees to the right and said this,
"Of course, everyone has their own personal fighting style."
"Yeah. If it's sold, it means that it can definitely be used, even if it's this."
I answered as I used my right hand to hold tightly onto the short cylinder shaped weapon, and then brought it right in front of it. I used my thumb to press the switch, and with a low *Guun*, a purplish-blue energy blade vibrated out as it reached out with a length of about 1 meter, lighting the entire place.
"Oohh."
I couldn't help but simply call it. I had already wielded swords of different sizes up till now, but this is the first time the blade I'm wielding is made of pure light.
I stared at it for a while, and found that the sword itself didn't have any direction as the entire circular section was just like a long and thin cylinder. I tried to swing in a horizontal manner, and then used the one-handed sword skill I was familiar with in SAO even without the system assisting, the 'Vertical Square'.
*Bu-n*, *buon*, the light saber let out a delightful sound as it sliced out into the air in complicated trajectories before finally stopping. Of course, my hand didn't feel any resistance because of the weight of the sword.
"Heh—"
The girl clapped a few times beside me and showed a shocked look.
"You really looked like the real deal there. Is that a skill from a fantasy world...? Looks like I can't underestimate you, huh?"
"No, not really... but this is really light."
"Of course. This weapon has no other advantages other than being light. Alright— If you want to use that as your main weapon, it's better to have an SMG or a handgun as your sidearms. You have to restrain your opponent if you want to close in."
"...I see. That's true."
"How much do you have left?"
I called out the window. My 300,000 credits had dropped to 150,000 credits. I said out the amount, and the girl blinked before shrugging.
"Uhe, so a light saber is so expensive? 150K left... You have to have money to buy bullets and protective gear. Looks like you can only buy a handgun."
"I'll leave the rest to you then."
"If you want to take part in BoB, it's better to have a powerful weapon... If you want to hold the enemy off, it should be more important to take accuracy over power...hm..."
The girl coughed dryly as she slowly moved towards a shelf with a pile of handguns over there. Finally, she pointed at one of them and said,
"You'll run out of money like this, but this «FN Five-Seven» should be good."
Her slender finger pointed at a small automatic handgun with a smooth round grip.
"Five...seven?"
"It refers to the caliber. It's 5.7mm, and a little smaller than the normal 9mm Parabellum bullet, but the shape is similar to a sniper bullet, so the accuracy and piercing ability are rather good. It's a unique bullet, so it can only be shared with the assault rifle «P90» that was also made by FN, but I guess it's alright since you only have this gun..."
"I-I see..."
On hearing such an unrestrained explanation from her, I again felt a slight interest in this girl with light blue hair.
GGO is a game where the gender is fixed, so she should definitely be a girl in real life, but I really couldn't tell her race and age. What I could tell from my gut feeling is that her age should be about the same as me.
Since we're playing this MMORPG, it's natural to be familiar with the items in the game. It's like when Asuna and Lyfa were mentioning the swords and magic in ALO. It wouldn't end without talking for 50 minutes.
But— for some reason, I feel that the 'gun' and those things were completely different. Also, I heard that most of the guns that appeared in GGO were weapons that existed in real life. Also, this kind of weapon would easily make one think about bloodshed and killing. This girl who's of the same age as me would actually dive into such a world, and continue to fight until she becomes a veteran player that understood all the guns. I'm rather interested in her motivation and driving force to play this game...
"Oi, are you listening?"
"Ah, ye-yeah."
I hurriedly interrupted my thoughts and nodded my head.
"I'll buy this then. Is there any other thing that I should buy?"
I bought the «Five-Seven» pistol she recommended, no, the handgun, and also bought pre-prepared bullet magazines, a thick bulletproof jacket, a belt-type «Optical gun shielding Field» and other small equipment. Once I finished my purchase, the 300,000 credits I earned in the dodging game went up in smoke.
I felt the weight of the light saber on my right waist and the «Five Seven» on my left waist as I walked out of the shop, and once I went outside, I found that the sunset sky was gradually reddening.
"Sorry to delay you for so long. Thank you very much."
I lowered my head and said my thanks. The girl smiled under the muffler and shook her head before saying,
"No, I didn't really have anything to do before the preliminaries...Ah."
The girl stopped midway through as she spoke, and hurriedly looked over at the large and thick chronometer on her left hand.
"Damn it. The registration closes at 3. Wah, I might not be able to make it even if I rush over to the presidential villa..."
"Eh, you're going to register now too?"
"Yeah."
Having been affected by this girl who's giving a pale look, I looked over at the digital watch I just bought. The time over there showed— 14:51.
I looked up and frantically asked,
"The-Then, isn't there any teleport movement skill or something like that? Like a transport item or spell or some superpower or something!?"
"I'll tell you as we run!"
After shouting that, the girl hurriedly turned around and ran over to the north side of the road. I hurriedly followed that swaying muffler and spent a few seconds to catch up to her. She glanced over at me and said with an anxious voice,
"...There's only one kind of instant movement in GGO. That's when you revive after you die. The revival area in Gurokken is at the Presidential villa, but the HP definitely won't decrease on the streets, so we can't use that technique..."
We dashed straight down the street where NPCs and players were, and the girl continued to explain to me from time to time. Also, I had to use my entire effort just to catch up to her. I couldn't get used to the visual line that's weaker than ALO, and she was really running very fast. It's more of her refined movements than the support of her ability, and I could tell that she was completely used to movement after she dived.
The girl again looked at the watch in her hand and pointed at the street in front before saying,
"...The presidential villa's over there. It's at the north end of the street, so there's still 3km. it'll take about 5 minutes to operate the registration machine, so if we don't reach within three minutes...!"
I looked over at the main street that was extended out, and found that there was a large tower that was giving off red light because of the sunset. It was a straight path, but even if we run at a speed of 1km/min while dodging people, it would be very tough in the VR world even if we can't pant.
If I can't register in time, it'll be because I didn't do my investigations properly, but if the light blue-haired girl beside me didn't help me, she could have done the job easily. Feeling somewhat guilty, I glanced over at her and saw her gritting her teeth. The side of her face was showing desperation, and a slight voice came with the virtual breathing sound could be heard.
"...Please...Please, got to make it..."
—I suppose that to this girl, the preliminaries of the 'Bullet of Bullets' that's about to happen shouldn't be just a game, but something with a huge meaning behind it. There must be a reason why she had to take part in this tournament...
After I instinctively realized this, I hurriedly looked around, hoping to find a way to get to the presidential villa that's far away within 3 minutes.
At this moment, an advert billboard appeared in my eyes.
On the wide land on the left, there was parking space that expanded after a while. There were 3 mini vehicles that were colored red, yellow and blue, and deep inside at the upright panel, there were words «Rent-A-Buggy!» on a Neon Sign. Of course, I immediately knew what that meant.
"...That's the one!"
I hurriedly grabbed the left hand of the girl and started to change direction. The girl let out an 'eh!?' in shock, and nearly floated up as I grabbed her, but we still moved through the pedestrians and rushed into the carpark with the «Rent-A-Buggy!» sign.
The vehicles that were lined up inside were all buggies, each having a wheel at the front and 2 wheels at the back. I tossed the girl into the red buggy that's parked in front of me and leaped onto the front seat. I found a fingerprint scanner under the meter panel that was similar to the one when I was shopping, put my right hand on it, and the engine immediately started with the sound of a checkout.
Luckily, the front part of the buggy was exactly the same as the motorbike, and it was fully manual. I gripped hard on the handle and pushed the throttle valve without saying anything. The ignition switch inside let out a roar, and the front wheel of the buggy rose up before shooting onto the lane like a bullet.
"KYAH...!"
I heard a cute cry from the back seat, and two slender arms were wrapped around my waist.
"Hang on tight!"
Though it might be too late for it, I cried that out, and after a right turn where the wheels practically scorched the road surface, I threw the acceleration to the max right as we got on the road. After shifting gears up several times, the meter finally crossed 100km. I truly felt glad that I wasn't riding on an electric scooter but an old bike with manual gear selection in the real world.
As I continued to dodge the incoming four-wheelers of the future on the street, I continued to switch gears, and heard the girl shout out into my right ear,
"W...Why!? This buggy is really hard to handle. There aren't even that many male players who can drive it well...!"
—Sorry, but I'm one of those male players that is the exception.
But in such a situation, of course I couldn't say the truth, so I could only vaguely hide it and say,
"No...not really, I played a race-type game before... Woah!"
The large bus in front suddenly changed lanes, and I could only use the rear wheels to glide fully to dodge it. After lowering gears, I again accelerated before moving past it. In fact, in the age where the year 2025 is about to end, it's logical that not many people had the experience of riding on an old-fashioned manual bike. In the first place, the standard for practice at training institutes was electric scooters. I got my bike because an acquaintance of Agil was willing to hand it over to me for free, which was why I worked so hard to get that medium license that allowed manual vehicles. However, a while after collecting that bike that's made from Thailand, I noticed that it was meant to save the owner's money so that he didn't have to scrap it. That's because it's said that vehicles with gas engines will not be allowed in a few years...
—As I thought about this, laughter suddenly came from behind, and I was shocked as a result.
"Ahaha...this is great. So nice!"
I spent a lot of time only to realize that this voice belonged to that cat-eyed girl. It's unexpected of a girl who's somewhat tense and lonely to let out such laughter.
"Hey, come on...faster!"
After hearing the girl's voice, I glanced over at the large presidential villa that was 1km away, and answered 'OK!'. I lowered my head and got the gear on the foot lever to the maximum. The engine let out a *KA-A-A-A-A-A-AN* roar, and the speedometer showed about 200km.
At this speed, it'll only take about several seconds to cover 1km.
But the cheers this girl made during this short time left a deep impression in me.

At the staircase leading to the wide stairs of the presidential villa, I parked the buggy in a parallel manner and stopped.
I looked at my watch, and there's still slightly more than 5 minutes till 3.
"We'll be able to make it! This way!"
The girl who leaped off from the rear step grabbed my right hand and continued running. The side of her face reverted back to showing a sharp expression that was like a sharp blade— no, like a high powered machine gun. I forced myself not to think which side of her was her real side and continued climbing the stairs.
After climbing about 20 steps, an abnormally large tower stood in front of me. It had a long and narrow streamlined-looking plaza on both sides, and I could see a round disk that looks like an antenna or radar plate.
"This is the presidential villa, commonly called the bridge. The place where you started the game from is the «Memorial Hall», and it's on the other side."
The girl pulled my hand as she said so.
"Bridge? Crossing bridge...?"
I asked, and the girl tilted her head slightly and answered,
"Not a crossing bridge, but a 'navigation bridge', I suppose? Gurrokken is the command post of a spaceship, so it had such a name."
"Spaceship...ahh, so that's why this city is long."
"Yeah. The actual name is «SBC» or «Space Battle Cruiser» for short. Registrations for participation or anything related to the game are held here."
As she explained till here, we just happened to pass by the large tower, the first level entrance of the bridge.
Inside it was a rather spacious round hall.
The round pillar that was lined up in a cross shape extended up to the roof, and it looked rather futuristic. On the surrounding wall, there were large flatscreens that were all around, showing advertisements about all sorts of activities and real life enterprises as they showered down primary colors. Of course, the brightest of them all was the promotional video of the «3rd Bullet of Bullets».
But right now, I didn't have the time to enjoy this as the girl pulled me and continued to move into a corner deep into the right.
There were several long machines beside the wall, and they looked like ATMs in a convenience store or a multimedia platform.
The girl brought me in front of a machine and quickly said,
"Register here. It's just like a normal touchscreen. Do you know how to use it?"
"Haa, I'll give it a shot."
"OK, I'll register over there. If there's something you don't understand, ask me."
After saying that, the girl moved forward towards the neighboring machine that was separated by a board.
The main screen showed the words «SBC Gurokken Presidential Villa», and what was shocking was that all the words inside were all converted to Japanese. Before diving, I checked through the official website of GGO in the real world through the internet, and was really troubled that the words were all in English. However, it seemed that the game itself was somewhat localized to some extent.
I used my fingertips to scroll down the menu, and immediately found the button to register for the third Bullet of Bullets. Of course, I immediately pressed on it, and the image immediately showed a form where I had to input my name, occupation and all sorts of particulars. There's still 180 seconds left.
Since it's a game, at least the character's name would be automatically entered, and also, what's my occupation and such...I continued to grumble as I looked at the form, but I immediately found the most shocking blank.
It was written 'In the following blank, please fill in your real world name and address. Of course, you can take part in this activity by leaving this space blank or entering a fake address, but you won't be able to get the top few prizes."
This caused my fingers to immediately stop. My main aim was to reveal myself as much as possible in the tournament and let myself be «Death Gun»'s target, the term «prize» caused my soul as an MMO gamer to hesitate. That's because the prizes at this moment would be rare equipment that normally couldn't be obtained in game.
As my finger was attracted over by the name panel and got ready to enter the 'K' in 'Kirigaya' on the hologram keyboard, I finally forced myself not to do so.
I didn't come here to play. My priority is to meet with this mysterious player «Death Gun» and decide whether his ability is real or fake. If «Death Gun» really had such an ability, it wouldn't be smart to reveal my real particulars in the game. I couldn't deny the possibility that «Death Gun» was someone inside the operating company, and that there's a possibility that he could read all the log in records of all the players.
I finally shook off the allure of the rare prize, and the bleeding heart in me left everything blank before hitting the submit button at the bottom most part.
The screen changed again, and a paragraph of text showed that I had registered successfully, and then showed the time for the first round of the prelims. Unexpectedly, the day was today— 30 minutes from now.
"Are you done?"
The girl with aquablue hair suddenly asked from beside me. It seemed that she had finished her registration successfully. Thus, I relaxed and nodded my head.
"Yeah, finally completed. Thank you very much...and...sorry for making so much trouble for you."
After hearing me apologize, the girl smiled.
"It's alright. I was rather happy during the ride on the buggy just now. Speaking of which, which group are you in?"
"Umm..."
I again looked back at the screen and answered,
"I'm Group F. Group F, number 37."
"Ah...I see. We registered at the same time, so I'm group F too. I'm number 12 too...that's great, even if we meet in the finals."
"Why do you say that?"
"If we can enter the finals of the preliminaries, we can enter the battle royale in the finals no matter whether we win or lose. It's likely that both of us can get the right to take part in the battle royale. However, if we really meet in the finals of the preliminaries..."
Those cat like eyes of hers shone, and then she spoke,
"I won't hold back."
"Ahh...I see. If we meet, I'll definitely do my best."
I smiled and answered before switching the screen back to the main screen. Then, I asked a question,
"Speaking of which, it's a foreign game, but the machines here are all localized to Japanese already. The official website was in English..."
"Ahh... The operating company, «Zasker», is an American company, but there seemed to be Japanese amongst the people working on the Japanese Server. But...you should know that whether it's Japan or America, GGO is in the grey area when it comes to the law."
"That's because of the «Money Trading System»."
After hearing my response, the girl gave a somewhat wry smile as she nodded her head.
"That's right. In a certain sense, this is a privately-run casino. Thus, the official website would only give the most basic information and not reveal where the operating company is. Also, things like character management, money conversion to an electronic bank account and all game related stuff could only be done in the game."
"All I can say is... This game really overdoes things."
"That's why this place could be said to be a completely different realm from the real world...but because of this, it feels that the me now and the me in reality are two completely different people..."
I felt that there was a shadow in the girl's eyes, and I blinked for a while, feeling puzzled.
"...?"
"It-It's nothing, sorry. We should be going to our preliminary's arena— it's just under this place. Are you ready?"
"Ehh."
I nodded my head, and the girl again held my hand and said 'over here' before moving deep into the first level hall of the presidential villa. There were a few elevators at the wall, and the girl's slender finger pressed the down button beside the elevator door on the most right.
The door immediately opened, and the girl moved in before pressing onto the button «B20F». It seemed that there's a lot of space to move up and down. My body really felt like it was descending and decelerating, and the door opened.
Once I saw the darkness outside the door— I immediately lost my breath.
It was a half-shaped dome that was as wide as the first level hall. There was very little light inside, only a few arc lights sealed in metal frames giving off a dim gloom.
The floor or the pillars were either giving off the black polish of the metal floor or the tea-green color of the wire mesh. The wall of the large dome had some crude tables, and the roof had lots of large hologram panels. But right now, the current images only showed complete darkness. There were only the words in crimson red 'BoB 3 Preliminary' and a countdown timer of approximately 28 minutes.
However, what made me nervous weren't these scenes and the metal-based BGM that bellowed out.
More accurately, I was rather uncomfortable with those black shadows that were gathered at the tables near the wall or those that were right beside the metal pillar— the presence they gave off.
We were in a game, but there wasn't anyone busy shouting about. They were either whispering to each other or standing around alone. I could tell that they were participants for the BoB preliminary that was about to begin, and I knew that they were already thoroughly used to this virtual world. Those are really veteran VRMMO players.
—No, in terms of the amount of time we dived in, I don't think anyone here would have dived in longer than me. I was logged in at all times during the two years, both two years ago and last year.
However, each player had their own «Play Style». Like for me, I specialize in P v E, and they were players who were of the complete opposite from me. They were guys who were passionate about P v P. From the sharp glances they gave from the helmets that didn't have any glow of the heavy headpiece, I knew that these people were desperately trying to get information about this.
I haven't really fought against players much, ever since ALO switched over to its current operating company in spring this year. During that far too long gap, I must have definitely lost touch in P v P, and how the stare these guys shot over at me felt so overwhelming was the proof of that.
—These guys, this job is getting more and more difficult, Kikuoka-san.
Unwittingly muttering this deep inside my heart, my right elbow was suddenly pushed. After looking aside, I found a girl with light blue hair giving a surprised look.
"...What's wrong?"
"No, nothing..."
After I hurriedly answered softly, the girl nodded her head slightly and whispered back,
"Let's head to the restroom first. You have to change into the battle clothes you bought just now anyway."
And then, she started to move around the players. Her feet were moving naturally, and I couldn't feel any tension from her. However, this wasn't because the people around us ignored her existence. The stares this group of guys shot at her were of so much battle intent that it couldn't be compared to their looks when they stared at me. A guy who placed a terrifyingly large machine gun even deliberately cleared his barrel loudly.
Unexpectedly, this girl had such amazing courage and could ignore such tremendous pressure. I felt even more shocked as I raced to catch up to that dirty-yellow muffler.
There weren't tables deep inside the dome, but rather, several icy cold metal doors were lined up over there. The girl opened a door with a green light, led me in, closed the door behind me, and pressed on the operation panel on the inside of the door. With a clicking sound, the indicator changed to red.
There was a somewhat narrow changing room inside the door. Of course, there wasn't anyone else other than us.
"...Fuu."
After arriving at the center of the room, the girl breathed out slightly and then seemed to grumble,
"Really...such a bunch of naive guys..."
"Wha...nai-naive guys? Were you talking about those guys with tremendous killing intent?"
I recalled the faces of those guys who were frowning in the dome, and the girl seemed to treat it as a matter of fact as she nodded her head and said,
"That's right. Taking out their main weapons to brag 30 minutes before the tournament is basically asking other people to think of ways to deal with them."
"Ah...ahh...I see.."
"You better equip your light saber and the Five-Seven only before the tournament begins."
The girl smiled as she said this, and after seeing me nod my head slightly, she turned around.
Then, she did something that was much scarier than those words she said just now.
She waved her right hand and called out the main menu, and immediately clicked on it to remove all the equipment.
The dirty-yellow muffler, the curry colored jacket, the loose cargo pants and the patternless T-shirt were all gone in a systematic manner.


Right now, the girl was only wearing underwear that covered a small area and had its fibers showing a little gloss.
"U...uwaa!?"
I let out a hoarse voice and frantically used my right hand to cover my face. Then, through the gaps, I saw the girl's inexplicable look.
"What are you doing? Hurry up and change."
"O-Okay, errm, that..."
Even when facing the biggest shock ever since I dived into GGO, I continued to desperately think of countermeasures.
In this situation, there's not much choices I have. I could find an excuse to escape from this room, or I could continue and pretend to be a girl and put my equipment over my clothing. However, both methods would be fooling this girl who helped me out a lot.
In this desperate situation, I could only grit my teeth and make the third option before the girl does the ultimate tragedy of de-equipping herself.
I lowered my head at the fastest possible speed and let my name card materialize from the main menu before handing it over to the girl with both hands.
"Er, erm... Excuse me! I haven't introduced myself up till now... This is who, no, what I am!"
"Eh? Wha...What?"
I felt the namecard left my hand with a puzzled voice.
"Kiri...to. Fuun, that's an interesting name.........wait........."
I, Kirito, never joined any guilds, no, «squadron» in this world, so on my namecard, there's the name— and the gender only.
"Male...... Erm, eh......!? But, you're, well........."
The dumbfounded voice came over, and at the top of my sight, with my head lowered straight down, I could see a cute little naked foot take a step back.
"This can't be......a-a guy......!? With such an avatar.........!?"
And then, there was silence.
I couldn't stand the tense atmosphere that surrounded this changing room and got ready to lift my head.
At this moment, a white object quickly flew over, and after exploding at the left side of my face, there was a purple flash effect.
I continued to spin around like a top due to the impact, realizing that it was the palm of the girl after collapsing onto the floor with stars.

"Don't follow me."
"Bu-But I don't know what to do next..."
"Don't follow me."
"Bu-But I don't know anyone else..."
"Don't follow me."
As we kept the volume of our conversation down, I continued to desperately chase after the aqua-blue haired girl in front of me.
Right now, she was wearing a desert colored military jacket, bulletproof armor that's of the same color and combat boots. The only thing that was the same as her street attire was that muffler on her neck. Just like the advice she told me, she didn't materialize her weapon.
My dress up was somewhat similar to hers, but mine was black clothing that was more suited for night camouflage. This time, I wanted to give up on my preference and choose a more vibrant color, but the battle venue was decided randomly, and the girl noted that my budget wouldn't allow me to buy colored clothing for all terrain, so I ended up choosing the color I liked the most.
And the person who gave me that suggestion just 1 meter away from me continued to walk on without looking back.
Of course, I could understand why she was so angry, but I didn't lie to say 'I'm a girl' or speak in a female's tone. It's my fault for taking advantage of her error, but if she actually told me when we were about to change, I would have responded to her...
I couldn't help but start to grumble in my heart as I somewhat deliberately tailed her from behind. However, the girl suddenly stopped. At this point, we had already went around half the dome.
The girl turned around to look at me, who also stopped.
Her blue eyes were glaring at me. The icy expression was more like a leopard than a cat now. I thought that she would roar and shrink back as her small lips breathed hard, but she merely sighed quickly.
She sat down hard on a box seat at the side and then turned her face to another direction. I timidly sat opposite her.
I lifted my head and looked over at the full panel hologram screens, and found that there was less than 10 minutes till the start of the preliminaries. I didn't know what to do afterwards, whether I had to move somewhere once the preliminaries start or that I still need to go through some steps. I didn't even know where to get this information.
I could only timidly back my body away as it continued to fidget uneasily. At this moment, the girl glanced at me and sighed hard.
"...I will explain the basics at least. We're enemies after that."
After hearing her say that with a deep voice, I couldn't help but smile.
"Tha-Thank you."
"Don't be mistaken. I haven't forgiven you. Once the countdown at the top ends— all the participants here in this building will be automatically transferred to the first round arena where there's only you and your opponent."
"Fu, I see."
"The field is a 1km square space. The landscape, climate and time are all randomly generated. At the beginning, both players will be at least 500 meters away from each other, and the winner in that battle will be transferred over to the waiting area while the loser will be transferred to the hall in the first floor. The loser won't lose his weapons or drop things randomly, and if you win, you'll be immediately transferred to start the second round if the next round opponent's match was over. If the opponent's still battling, you have to wait until the battle ends. Group F has 64 people, so if you win 5 matches, you can enter the final round and also get the right to enter the finals of this tournament. That's all for my explanation— I won't answer any more questions."
She sounded cold, but after her detailed explanation, I more or less understood what's with the preliminaries. I again thanked the girl.
"I think I got the gist of it. Thanks."
And then, she again glanced at me before she immediately looked away. The girl then opened her mouth and said softly,
"—You must make it to the finals. Since I taught you so much, I hope to teach you one last thing."
"Last thing?"
"I'll make you taste the bullet that will cause your loss."
After hearing such words, I couldn't help but smile. This wasn't a sarcastic smile or a forced one, but one that was from deep within me. I really like people with her personality.
"...I'm looking forward to that moment. But are you certain that you can make it to the finals?"
The girl snorted coldly and breathed,
"If I lose in the preliminaries, I'll quit for good. This time, I must definitely—"
It felt like she was staring at all the opponents as she let out a glass-colored shine.
"—Must kill off all the strong opponents."
These words were said under silent circumstances, but the slight soundwaves entered my ears. The girl's lips smirked as she showed a beast like smile. My back started to have chills that I never had for a long time.
It's no wonder that this girl wouldn't notice the pressure the other guys gave.
That's because she was a lot stronger than those guys. No matter whether it's the skill as a VRMMO player— or the mental strength that's supporting her.
The girl glanced over at me who held my breath and remained silent. The smile on her face disappeared. She seemed to be thinking about something as she stopped her gaze. Then, she used her right hand to summon the menu window. After some simple operations, a small card appeared in her fingertips.
The girl then let the card slide across the table, which I caught. She said,
"This should be the last time we're talking like this, so I better announce my name. That's the name of the person who's going to defeat you—"
I silently looked over at the card. The word indicated on it was— «Sinon», and the gender was obviously female.
"Sinon..."
I muttered. The girl moved her aqua-blue hair and nodded slightly. I again reported my name.
"I'm Kirito. Nice to meet you."
I subconsciously reached my right hand out from over the table, but of course, the girl called Sinon ignored my action as she immediately turned her face away. I could only give a wry smile and pulled my hand back.
After that, Sinon kept her silence, and didn't seem like she intends to continue talking.
I looked at the large screen in the dome and knew that there was about 5 minutes left. At this moment, I started to hesitate over whether I should just hug my knees together and wait on the chair or just try and talk to her again. However, just when I was about to make my conclusion, I could hear footsteps heading towards Sinon.
I lifted my face and saw that there was a tall and large male player with long silver hair on his forehead walking straight to this table.
He was wearing a grey patterned streamlined camouflage that was slightly lighter than charcoal color, and there was a somewhat large machine gun that was slung over his shoulder— probably not a submachine gun or an assault rifle, and he had an intelligent looking face that fit his tall and skinny body. As he didn't look like he had much armor on him, it gave me the feeling that he was able to move about agilely on the battlefield. He looked more like a special ops member than a thoroughly experienced soldier.
The man didn't look at me while I was sitting silently in the corner as he smiled at Sinon. Immediately, what looked like a highly skilled avatar showed a boyish-like gentleness, which made me blink.
"Yaa, why are you so slow, Sinon? I was worried whether you were late."
On hearing that guy's tone that sounded like he was trying to act like an acquaintance, I thought that Sinon would definitely give him a death glare and cringed back. But unexpectedly, the icy presence around the girl immediately eased, and she even showed a slight smile.
"Hello, Spiegel. There was some accident, so I was delayed. Eh, but...don't you intend to show yourself?"
That man called Spiegel grinned awkwardly as he used his right hand to touch his hand.
"Well, I don't know whether you'll be bothered or not, but I came to cheer for you, Sinon. Besides, I can see the live telecast on the large screen."
It seemed that both of them were either friends or members of the same guild. Sinon moved her body away, and Spiegel naturally sat beside her.
"Speaking of which, what's that accident you mentioned?"
"Ahh...nothing much, just that I brought a certain person here and such..."
After Spiegel asked, Sinon immediately glanced at me with an icy expression. I reluctant retracted my shortened neck back to shape, and the man who only noticed my presence now nodded his head.
"Hello, I'm that certain person..."
"Ah...he-hello. It's nice to meet you. Well...are you Sinon's friend?"
He didn't look like someone that's to be trifled with, but this man called Spiegel didn't seem to match his outwardly fierce look as he was rather polite. Or rather— Is he treating me like a girl now?
I tried to juggle around with my choice of words as I thought of how to answer this in a more humorous manner, but Sinon immediately shot out,
"Don't be fooled. He's a guy."
"Eh!?"
I could only use a normal tone to say my name at Spiegel, who widened his eyes.
"Ah— I'm called Kirito. I'm a guy alright."
"A-A guy... Eh, that means, erm..."
Spiegel gave a rather bothered expression as he looked back and forth from me to Sinon. It seemed that he couldn't understand why Sinon would go out with a male player.
Thinking that this was the case, I felt like teasing them, so I tried to add fuel to the fire as I said,
"Well, I was really taken care of well by Sinon, you know."
At this moment, Sinon immediately shot a bluish-lightning like glare at me and said viciously,
"Oi... Don't say that. I never took care of you at all. Speaking of which, when did I allow you to call me Sinon...?"
"Why are you saying that so mercilessly?"
"What about mercy here? You're just a stranger!"
"Eh— But didn't you help coordinate my equipment?"
"That...That's because, you..."
Just when we got to that point...
The slight BGM inside the dome gradually faded out, and what rang next was a fanfare of an electric guitar. After that, a sweet synthesized voice set at a loud volume blared above several hundred people's heads.
"Sorry to keep you waiting. We will now begin the preliminaries of the 3rd Bullet of Bullets tournament. All entered players will be automatically transferred to the field of the first round once the countdown reaches zero. At this moment, I shall wish you good luck."
A deafening applause and cheering rang inside the dome. *Katatata*, the sound of the machine guns being fired and the high pitched sound of lasers being fired was let out, and lights of different colors decorated the roof like fireworks.
Amidst all the ruckus, Sinon stood up and pointed her right index finger at me.
"You must get to the finals. Then I will blow your head."
I then stood up, grinned, and answered,
"If you want to go out on a date with me, I'll be glad to."
"You-You ba..."
The 20 second countdown timer was about to reach zero, and I waved my hand at Sinon before turning around and heading to the front to be transported to the field. At this moment, my eyes met Spiegel, who had been staring at me all this time.
His sharp eyes showed obvious wariness and hostility. Just when I felt that I may have gone overboard—
My body was surrounded by a pillar of blue light, and my sights immediately turned blue.

Finally, I was transported to a hexagonal panel that was floating in the darkness.
There was a light red hologram window in front of me, and on top of it were the large words «Kirito Vs Uemaru». Unlike SAO, which only allowed for English alphabets, it was possible to use Japanese in GGO. The name «Uemaru» was written in kanji, but of course, I had never met this guy before. Also, at the bottom of the window, there was a line of words «Preparation Time: 58 seconds left. Field: The Forgotten Old Monastery».
This minute of preparation should probably be to allow us to change into equipment that's suitable for this battle. I had no idea about my prepared weapons and maps, and I didn't even use them. I used my right hand to call out the menu, and in the equipment window that was similar to ALO, my main weapon was a «Kagemitsu G4» light saber, and my sidearm was a «Five-Seven». After checking whether I forgot to equip my defensive equipment, I closed the window.
As I waited for the time to slowly tick down, I suddenly had a strange thought.
That vicious smile shown for a moment by that girl called Sinon. It had the killing intent of a bullet, shot from a rifle, that could pierce through any shield or armor.
It made me remember that voice that resounded in my mind.
To eliminate the strong— this direct declaration sounded rather childish in a certain sense, but I never had such a chilling feeling, even including the time when I was in SAO. I felt her petite body let out a real will that far exceeded the roleplay in the game.
In this virtual world that's created through electric signals, I have not seen a player who showed such intense will like her. Amongst the female players, the only one I know who would go serious was Asuna. No— even when she's called «The Flash» or even «The Berserker» before that, she had never given me such an impression before.
Is it possible? Is that girl with light blue hair the «Death Gun» I'm looking for?
Kikuoka once let me hear the voice database of what's said to be «Death Gun»'s, but the screeching cry of metal rubbing against each other was completely different from Sinon's clear voice. However, GGO was just a world that was different from SAO. A player could have multiple characters, and there were many cases of logging in using different characters.
And from the sound of the tone, it seemed that Sinon had absolute confidence that she's able to make it to the finals. If my guess that Death Gun will definitely appear in this tournament is right, I can narrow them down to about 30 people, and of course, Sinon is one of them.
To be honest, I really don't want to test out this possibility. I didn't feel any killing intent from her, when she guided me to the shop and explained all sorts of things to me. Rather, she gave off a somewhat lonely feeling, like she wanted to get close to others.
Just which is the real Sinon, I wonder.
—No, I won't get the answer no matter how much I think. When our swords clash, no, when we both fire our guns, we should be able to get some clues.
Just when I thought about this and lifted my sights, the countdown timer reached zero, and my body was again surrounded by an effect.

After that, I was abandoned under a dim sunset sky.
The wind that blew beside me seemed to bring about a sharp whistle like sound. There were many layers of broken clouds floating above in the air, and below me, the wilted grass were all floating.
Beside me, there were large cylindrical pillars that were either of the Ionian or Corinth style. They were about 3m apart and lined in an arc shape. Some of the pillars were wrecked, and some of the pillars have completely collapsed. It just looked like the ruins of a lost civilization's temple.
I leaned my body on the closest pillar, and then quickly looked around at my surroundings.
The wide wilted grassland all around me was blowing around hard, and far away in the hills, I could see ruins that were similar to this place. According to Sinon's explanation, the field is a square, 1,000 meters wide, but to get from here to there would take about several kilometers. There should be some limiting boundary like a river or a cliff, or something like that.
I continued to remember her explanation. Right now, the opponent should be about 500 meters away from where I am now, but I couldn't see anyone in my sights. Like me, he should be hiding somewhere behind the ruins. There's no indication of the enemy around, so I have to find the enemy myself.
I can continue to wait here and let the enemy lose his patience before taking action. However, «waiting» really doesn't fit my personality. Instead of waiting here, I might as well run over to the closest ruin on the other side and use the gunshot of the enemy to quickly analyze my position...I thought as I used my left hand to feel the «Five-Seven» on my waist.
At this moment, a strong gust of wind blew by, and the surrounding grassland started to sway. As the gust stopped, the wilted grass again straightened...
And in the grassland about 20 meters away from my eyes, a profile suddenly stood up silently.
My blurred vision immediately saw the assault rifle the opponent whipped out, the tea-colored beard that was resting at the stalk of the gun, the goggles' lens that covered more than half the face and the helmet that had dummy grass on it. There's only me and my opponent in the battlefield, so he's definitely «Uemaru».
I had no idea when he shortened the distance between us at all. One of the obvious reasons was the camouflage suit he was wearing. That clothing looked similar to the surrounding grassland, and had slight streamlined patterns on it. Just when I thought I see, so that's the use of the 60 seconds...
The black assault rifle the enemy was readying on the right shoulder showed several red lines— «Bullet Line», and the lines were piercing through me and the space around me.
"UWAH!"
I couldn't help but cry out as I kicked the ground hard and moved to the place with the least bullet lines— up into the sky.
The enemy's rifle then went *katatatataatatata!!* And my right ankle got hit twice. The HP bar on the upper left corner of my sights showed a decrease of about 10%. Of course, I couldn't dodge all the bullets. At this moment, I remembered the «Full-Auto Shooting» Sinon warned me about.
I did a somersault in the air and landed on the half-broken pillar behind me. I tried to counter and drew the Five-Seven handgun from my belt with my left hand.
However, the enemy wouldn't give me time to aim at all. Immediately afterwards, numerous bullet lines appeared on my body again.
"WAAHHH!!"
I let out an embarrassing scream as I rolled behind the pillar. Another bullet grazed my left wrist, and my HP dropped mercilessly.
The rain of bullets that descended on me seemed to hit the pillar, causing a *Bishibishibishi* sound and creating several fragments to fly out. I hurriedly cuddled my limbs together and hid my entire body behind the pillar.
—This is definitely different from a battle between swords!
In that dodging game against the NPC gunman, there was a time lapse and at most 6 bullets, but I already had to concentrate fully just to dodge those attacks. Now, when facing such a— barrage of more than 10 bullets in a second, of course I'm at my wits' end.
To slash Uemaru's bearded face with the light saber «Kagemitsu» on my right waist, I have to get right in front of him. But before that, I'll have bullets blown through me and my HP would be depleted already.
If I can't dodge them all, I can only think of a way to «defend» against the bullets. Unfortunately, even if there's a «protective field» in this world that can weaken the power of bullets, there isn't any magic shield or something that can protect against actual bullets. In SAO, there's the «Weapon Defense Skill» that can allow a sword to replace a shield....
At this moment, I suddenly put my hand on the light saber that's held on the carabiner under my belt. I just need to deflect a few bullets if I can defend with this saber. This shouldn't be impossible. Didn't someone in a SF movie use a light saber to easily deflect bullets? If this game is developed by an American company, they would be able to recreate this scene. But to do that really tough skill, I have to first predict the trajectories the bullets are fired at me...
No—
No, I can do this. I should be able to do this. Aren't the «Bullet Lines» telling me where the bullets are flying?
I swallowed my saliva and used my right hand to pull the light saber from my belt.
Right now, the gunfire stopped. I suppose Uemaru is again hidden amongst the grass and is ready to come over from the left or the right.
I closed my eyes and concentrated with my ears.
The wind continued to blow. At this moment, I tried my best to eliminate the noisy sound effects from my consciousness and concentrated on the rustling of the swaying grassland to hear for some irregular sound in this system.
This was a skill that could only be done in a VR space where I can isolate each sound completely. From the time of SAO, this «Outside-system Skill» helped me out a lot. For example, an S level ingredient «Ragout Rabbit» would require this skill to deal a fatal blow.
But as for whether I'm able to succeed or not—
And this moment, my ears caught an irregular sound coming from the rear left side from 7 o'clock to 9 o' clock. He moved for about 2, 3 seconds before stopping and started to probe my position.
The enemy then started to move, stop and got ready to move again...
"L...LET'S GO!"
I used my cry to step hard onto the ground and run straight where the enemy was hiding.
Uemaru probably didn't expect me to rush over at him while he was hiding in the bushes. As he stood up from the wilted grass, it took him about half a second to get down on one knee and get into his shooting position.
We were originally about 25m apart, but at this moment, I ran past half the distance. I continued to run as I used my right thumb to slide the photon sword's switch. *Bu~n*. The sound that made me relax could be heard, and a blueish-purple glowing blade came out from the sword handle.
For the third time, the numerous «Bullet Lines» that came from Uemaru's rifle appeared on my body.
Up till now, I had been instinctively looking for places where I could hide. But this time, I only let my eyes look right in front of my body and endured the fear that came from the back of my neck and irritated my senses. After trying my best to observe the enemy, I found that not all the thin red lines appeared at the same time. There's a little time difference between them, and the difference should be the order where the bullets would come out from the rifle barrel.
I controlled the body that was a lot more petite than in real life and rushed forward. At this moment, there were 6 Bullet Lines that were aimed on my body.
The other Bullet Lines on the left and right were all slightly off course. With the current distance, the enemy's rifle— and the shooter's accuracy himself wasn't much.
The long forgotten thrill of P v P seemed to have caused my character to shift into battle mode. As the remaining margin in my sights showed an outward extension from the center, the target's body was extremely obvious. It's this accelerating feeling that made me feel memorable. During this time was when I started to slow down, my consciousness was the only thing racing.
The enemy's rifle's muzzle suddenly let out an orange spark.
During this time, the blade of the light saber blocked the lines of the first and second bullets with pinpoint accuracy.
*BA-BAM!!* The surface of the light saber let out two bright orange sparks. The moment I noticed this, my right arm immediately pointed the photon sword onto the third and fourth bullet lines at a lightning quick speed. Then, the sound of the bullets being deflected off the intense energy could be heard again.



I continued to move forward while ignoring the bullets that «wouldn't hit me at all». Actually, it was really a mentally draining thing, but I grit my teeth and continued to swing the sword in my hand.
5...and that's the 6th one! After deflecting all the bullets that could have hit me successfully, I kicked the ground hard with all I've got to cover the remaining distance between us.
"No...No way!"
Uemaru's thoroughly bearded jaw dropped as he widened his mouth and cried out in shock. However, this guy didn't stop at all. He ejected the magazine skillfully and drew out the prepared magazine on his waist and got ready to load it into the rifle.
To prevent him from doing this, I gripped the Five-Seven in my left hand and pointed it at Uemaru. The moment my fingers touched the trigger, a light green circle appeared at the center of the enemy's chest. This shocked me, but I just continued to shoot 5 bullets.
The unexpectedly light recoil went from the wrist to the shoulder, and inside the half-transparent circle, Uemaru was hit once in the shoulder and the abdomen as the remaining three shots disappeared behind him in the bushes. However, the bullets that hit him went through his armor and caused damage to him. The screen showed his HP gauge drop by about 10%. Uemaru staggered and immediately hesitated.
To me, this was enough time.
As I entered the attack range, I slightly twisted my body to the right—
Just when I stepped out at a speed as if I wanted to break through the virtual ground, I lunged forward without wasting any of the speed at all. In the world of SAO, it's called a «Vorpal Strike», a critical hit as it lunged into the enemy's chest.
The jet engine-like buzzing rang as the blade of light pierced through the enemy's body easily. It felt that the burst of energy that couldn't be vented anywhere else imploded inside the enemy.
Then, with an exaggerated light and sound, the cylinder-shaped thing in my right hand shot out, and the enemy's body became numerous fragments as it scattered in the air.

I felt the numbing feeling of the fight that just finished as I slowly supported my body.
*Wu~wun*. I swung about the lightsaber and nearly sheathed the sword on my back immediately, but I hurriedly turned it off.
After hanging the sword on the carabiner on the right side of my waist and the handgun in my left hand into the holster, I finally let out a long sigh. I looked up at the sunset sky, and found that the low-hanging clouds looked like a screen showing the words 'Congratulations'.
I won the first round with great difficulty. It was really good news that I could use such a lightsaber to defend against rifle bullets. However, I needed a lot of concentration to wield it, and my nerves were already starting to char and smoke.
I still have to go through another 4 tiring rounds—
A blue light came over my dejected body and started surrounding me. The silent sound of the wind gradually disappeared. Once the sounds became the buzzing of many humans, I found myself back at the waiting area.
It looked like I was transferred to the box seats near the wall like how I was before. I looked at both the left and right side, but didn't notice Sinon or Spiegel around. If Sinon is still battling, what I'm wondering is where the man who was related to Sinon in some way went to. I set my sights onto the entire space, and found that there was a familiar figure near the center of the dome, dressed in street clothes. He didn't notice that I came back as he merely focused on the large screen on the ceiling.
I lifted my head up just like he did, and found that the large screen that was only showing the countdown timer was now showing several battles. The screen showed players in deserts, forests or ruins that used handguns, machine guns or rifles to fight in different angles like those scenes in movies.
These should be some of the hundreds of battles that were going on and were chosen to be telecasted. Once the scene of a player being hit and blown to bits was shown, countless players who were gathered inside the dome would let out a deafening cheer.
I thought about whether Sinon's match would be telecasted as I took a few steps forward. I checked every single image from the top right corner, but as the cameras continued to move, I really couldn't tell. I concentrated and tried to look for her aqua-blue hair.
—As I was too concentrated, I was too shocked that my heart nearly stopped when my right ear suddenly heard a voice. That deep, hoarse and somewhat metallic voice seemed to enter my mind.
"Are you, the real one?"
"...?"
I instinctively took a step back and looked back.
Immediately, I thought that I saw a ghost.
Of course, I wasn't referring to a real ghost, but a «Ghost-type» monster mob that appeared in the 65th level of Aincrad at night in the Ancient Fore.
The person in front of me wore a tattered dark grey mantle. The hood that was kept low was completely black, and only the eyes that were deep inside showed a little red light.
Under the light of the dark waiting dome, the stranger in front of me really looked like a ghost-type monster in SAO. Thus, I instinctively wanted to back away and draw my light saber to battle. I couldn't even control this instinct at all as my right hand jerked.
I panted as I looked at the feet of that guy. At the end of the tattered mantle, I could see the tip of the somewhat dirty boots.
He wasn't a ghost, but a player. After checking this obvious fact, I released my slightly held breath.
Looking closely, those red eyes weren't some ghost lights, but the shine on the lens of a pair of black goggles that covered the entire face. This somewhat rookie-like response from me and the way that guy just approached me at such a close place in such a rude manner, so I asked coldly,
"Real... what do you mean by that? Who are you?"
However, the player who was dressed in the dark-grey mantle didn't mention his name as he deliberately took a step closer to me even after I took a step back. This time, I didn't take a step back, but took his stare head on at about 20cm away from him.


That voice that seemed to have some form of sound effect within it and had some reverb overtones ringing in an interrupted manner,
"I saw it, the match. A sword, you used it."
"Ah...ahhh. That's not against the rules, right?"
The damned AmuSphere really showed the wavering in my heart as my answer sounded somewhat hoarse. The dark-grey mantle guy seemed to have read my heart as he advanced a few more centimeters.
Then, he said another thing with an even deeper voice. As the voice was rather soft, at this distance, I had to concentrate just to hear it.
"Let me ask, you again. Are you, the real, one?"
Before I could understand the meaning behind these words, my heart felt like it got hit by a thunderous-like premonition, and I could only remain rooted there.
—I know this guy!
That's right. I definitely met him somewhere. I did once talk to him straight on like I am doing now.
But where? After logging into GGO, I had only talked to the guy who was at where I appeared who wanted to buy my avatar, Sinon who brought me to buy the items and register, and her friend, three of them altogether. Thus, I couldn't say that I met him in this world before.
Was it in ALO? Did I meet this guy with a different avatar in ALFheim? I frantically searched the database of my mind to see if his verbal mannerisms and presence resembled someone. However, I really couldn't think of another. I don't remember someone like him who would stand in front of me and raise goosebumps in me with the cold air around him.
Where...where exactly did I meet this guy...
At this moment, the tattered mantle swayed, and a slender arm came out from inside. I got ready to back away, but after looking at it, I found that aside from a glove that was as tattered as his mantle, there was nothing else.
That hand in the air was pointed at me, and opened a window before moving it in a lackluster manner. Right now, the matchup schedule that was going on in this third BoB preliminaries appeared on the window.
That thin metal-like finger pressed on Group F, and in the end, the image of Group F expanded to show the entire screen. He pressed it once, and the center part of the matchup schedule became wider.
My eyes were attracted by his finger.
There were 2 names on it.
On the left side was «Uemaru», and on the right side was «Kirito». On the name on the right, there was a light-glowing line extending out from it. The news that I beat Uemaru and entered the second round was already reported.
His finger moved slightly, touched the word «Kirito» up and down, and then, it rang again— his voice.
"This, name. That, sword skill... Are, you real?"
Immediately, I was shocked for the third time, and this was the strongest impact.
My knees started to tremble, and I had to work hard not to let myself collapse.
This grey-colored mantle player— I know him!
The origin of the name «Kirito», and the sword skill I used to beat «Uemaru». This guy knows about them.
In other words...I didn't meet this guy in GGO or ALO.
But in SAO, «Sword Art Online». I once met this guy in the main stage of that death game, the floating city Aincrad.
This avatar hidden under the tattered mantle...no, the player who's wearing the AmuSphere and playing this avatar was a «SAO survivor» like me.
My heart was already pounding like crazy unknowingly. If it wasn't for the fact that we're inside the dark dome, he would have found out that my avatar's face was all white already.
Calm down. Calm down!! At this moment, my mind could only continue to repeat such words.
Even when meeting a SAO survivor, I have no need to be panicking so much. When Aincrad was about to collapse, I became famous because of the report of my unique skill «Dual Blades» and how I openly took on the leader of the Knights of the Blood, Heathcliff. Also, the «Vorpal Strike» I just used on Uemaru was a rather common skill under the one-handed sword category. Those high-levelled players in Aincrad can guess from the footage of the match and the player's name in the matchup schedule that I'm Kirito of the SAO clearing group. If it was me, if I find a player who I may know of at first, I might talk to him and chit-chat about the past or something.
So I had no need to be scared at all. I shouldn't be scared.
But why am I so...
The next moment— the thin and long arm removed the matchup schedule and kept his arm back into his mantle, and a part attracted my attention.
There was a thin gap at the front side of the glove that looked like a tattered bandage, probably a little higher from the inside of the wrist. From there, I could see his pale skin.
And on the skin, there was a squared tattoo about 5cm wide.
It was a Western Coffin that was drawn in a manga style. The lid showed a mysterious smiling face, and the lid was slightly open. A white arm reached out from the darkness inside, waving at anyone it saw. At that other world, another guy used poisoned water to numb me and got ready to kill me. At that time, he had a similar tattoo too.
That was the emblem of «Laughing Coffin».
Once I recognized that image, it was really a miracle that I could stifle my shout or prevent myself from collapsing onto the floor, or even that I wasn't forced to log out because of the abnormal brainwaves.
The player under the tattered mantle stared at me, who didn't react at all, and then whispered,
"You, don't know, what I'm asking?"
I slowly and cautiously nodded my avatar's head.
"...Ahh. I don't understand. What do you mean, by the real one."
"...."
The grey mantle silently took a step back. The red eyes looked like they were blinking as they flickered.
After what seemed like a few long seconds, the inorganic-like feeling seem to be amplified as the voice rang.
"...Then, forget about it. Well, whether, your name, is a lie, a fake...or whether you're, real."
He turned back and left the last words.
—"One day, I'll kill you."
These words made me feel that he wasn't talking about killing within the game.
The tattered mantle went away silently like a ghost— and then suddenly vanished.
Right now, the surroundings weren't like before where the player was still around.
My thin and petite body started to sway, and after barely supporting myself, I collapsed like an avalanche and sat down on the box seat beside me. I then cuddled my thin legs and put my knees to my forehead.
I closed my eyes, and inside my eyelids, I could see what was a clear little tattoo even though it was for about a fraction of a second.
A laughing coffin. There was only one guild that used such an emblem in Aincrad.
It was the killing guild «Laughing Coffin».

During the two years clearing SAO, it could be said that there were a lot of orange players who went into economic constraints and started stealing money and equipment from other players. Normally though, they would gather together in bunches to one person and force them to hand over valuable items. At the most, they would just use some numbing poison.
When someone attacks another person and causes the HP bar to be depleted, the player will really die in the real world, so no one would dare to do that. That's because these 10,000 players were all heavy Net-gamers, and were all people who had nothing to do with crime in real life.
However, this unwritten rule of «Not causing the HP to drop to zero» was broken by a strange player.
This guy's name was called «PoH». It was a really funny name for a character, but unexpectedly— or rather, it's because of this that he had a certain charisma.
The first attractive point about PoH was that he had an exotic-looking handsome appearance, and was a multilingual player who was well-versed in three languages. He may be a mixed-blood between a Japanese and a Western, and his Japanese, fluent English, and decent Spanish sounded just like a professional DJ singing rap, which would change the players around him. In the end, they went from being players to a real illegal organization that was cold and solid.
And the second point was really simple. PoH's own ability.
He was a talented dagger user. A dagger in his hand was just like an extension of his arm. The blade didn't even need an assist from the system and could crush monsters— or players. Especially at the end of the death game, once he got what's called a horrifyingly large dagger «Mate Chopper», his ability was so great that even players in the clearing group feared him.
The lawless followers who admired PoH were attracted to him in the opposite way people were attracted to Heathcliff of the Knights of Blood. Slowly, they expanded the boundaries in their heart.
A year after the game started, on the New Year's Eve in year 2023.
PoH and company, who have grown to about 30 people, attacked a small guild that was having an outdoor party in the field at a viewing spot, and killed them all.
The next day, there was the notification of «Laughing Coffin», a guild that wasn't accepted by the system and was designated as «red», and ended up in the main information providers of Aincrad.

However, the grey mantle player I just talked with shouldn't be PoH himself. That unrestrained and occasionally interrupted manner of speech was completely different from PoH's seemingly machine gun-like and extremely enthusiastic tone.
However, there was really a guy in «Laughing Coffin» who did talk like that. I met that guy before, and I think we did fight before. He wasn't just an ordinary member, but a rather high-ranking member. I could already remember so much, but why couldn't I remember his face and name?
No, I actually knew. The reason why I couldn't think of it was because I personally refused to remember.
«Laughing Coffin» was formed on the first day of 2024, and was eliminated on a certain summer night after August.
Of course, it wasn't automatically disbanded, but vanquished. It's because the clearing group, the players on the frontlines formed about 50 members in a crusade as we used force to destroy them.
Actually, we should have done that a long time ago, but we couldn't find the base of Laughing Coffin, so it was delayed till after August.
In Aincrad, players could buy houses or rooms, and whether it was on the streets or outside, we could accurately pinpoint the positions through the NPC real estate companies. The clearing group guessed that they would buy a larger house or a castle-like building that could allow 30 people to stay inside, so the information brokers accepted the clearing group's request and checked through all the large houses from the first level on.
But even though we found a few medium-to-small orange guild hideouts, we still couldn't find the most important Laughing Coffin's base after a few months.
Actually, it's no wonder we couldn't find them. Laughing Coffin used a floor that we had long conquered— a tower area that wasn't linked to the upper levels, which was a safe zone in a cave that would be easily forgotten once the designer installed it there. The clearing players will basically only take part in clearing the mazes in high towers, and medium-class players would slip into mazes where there're a lot of people. Of course, there would be players who would find that there were problems with the cave and enter in, but it's not hard to imagine that they were killed easily by Laughing Coffin to prevent their whereabouts from being revealed.
The reason the secret base of Laughing Coffin was revealed was because one of the members who may be unable to endure the guilt of killing exposed the secret to the clearing group. The clearing players then used this information to investigate and check that those guys were using that cave as a base before finally rallying a large-scale crusade. The leader of the squad was a member of the largest guild «Holy Dragon Alliance». Several strong players from the «Knights of the Blood» and other guilds joined in too. Of course, as a solo player, I was also invited to join the group.
Our numbers and average level were a lot higher than Laughing Coffin, so we thought that if we sealed the entrance to the safe zone to their base, there would be a high chance that they would surrender without fighting. However— just like how there was someone who revealed their secret...
Our thoroughly kept secret and battle strategy was known by them for some reason. When we entered the maze, none of the Laughing Coffin members were waiting in the large room of the safe zone. Of course, they didn't flee or hide in the alleys of the maze, but attacked us from behind.
They prepared all sorts of traps, poisons, trick items and all sorts of means to ambush us in random ways. The clearing group was severely confused at the beginning, but a response to sudden situations was an ability that was required of clearing groups, so we immediately readied ourselves again and started attacking backwards.
However— there was an unexpected difference between Laughing Coffin and the clearing group.
That was the guilt over killing someone. Once we realized that the berserk Laughing Coffin members wouldn't surrender no matter how much their HP was worn out, we started to waver.
Of course, we did discuss this possibility before, and at that time, we made the decision that we had to go all out even if we have to make the enemy's HP drop to zero. But including me, the members of the crusade couldn't deal the final blow when the enemy's HP was close to zero. One of the crusaders even threw his sword and knelt down on the ground.
First, there were a few martyrs in the crusaders. Then, the similarly berserk crusaders killed several members of Laughing Coffin too.
And what happened next was an ever bloody hell.
Once the battle ended, there were 11 casualties on the crusaders' side and 21 on Laughing Coffin's side. Amongst them, I personally used my sword to kill two of them.
But amongst the dead and the captured players, there was no sign of the name of the leader PoH.
The twelve remaining enemy players who survived that battle were all locked inside the Dark Iron Palace prison. If that grey mantle player was really a survivor, I may have talked to him at a certain time after clearing up from the battle. I remembered his verbal mannerism, but couldn't remember his face and name, all because I forced myself to forget about them all.
No...
No, maybe under that mantle...
Is one of the two people I personally killed.
Unexpectedly, I thought this. Thus, I continued to keep my knees cuddled as I sat on the seat and hurriedly shook my head. I started to grit my teeth with all I've got and tried to change my thinking.
The dead can't revive. In the SAO incident, whether it's the people I loved or loathed, the 4,000 victims wouldn't come back again. So that guy in the grey mantle must be one of the 12 Laughing Coffin members who survived. I should have known their names. I tried my best to endure the pain of searching through my memories as I tried to recall their information.
Then at that moment...
I again noticed a new possibility, and panted.
The metallic-like distorted voice that grey colored mantle guy let out was a rather deep whisper. What would it be like if he shouted with all he's got...
The roar from the voice file I heard a week ago rang deep inside my ears again.
"...This is real power, real strength! Foolish people, engrave the fear of these names in your hearts!"
"This gun's name and mine: «Death Pistol»... «Death Gun»!"
It was completely similar. I couldn't be mistaken. The voices would be the same.
That guy—
Was that grey mantle guy «Death Gun»?
If that's the case, my mission to dive into GGO, attract attention and become «Death Gun»'s target was quickly finished.
But... But, I never expected things to develop so quickly.
«Death Gun» was a survivor of SAO, and one of the original members of SAO— if that's the case.
Then he could use a gun inside the game to kill two players in the real world...
Maybe... Maybe... There really is such a power...
At this moment, I was suddenly tapped on the left shoulder, and nearly cried out. I was overly shocked as I trembled, and looked up, only to see the aqua-blue hair swaying in front of me.
"What's with your expression...?"
The girl— Sinon frowned as she said that. I could only force something like a smile at her.
"Ah...n-no, it's nothing..."
"Was your match just now a close call? But you came back rather early, didn't you?"
After hearing these words, I finally remembered that I was taking part in the preliminaries of the «Bullet of Bullets» tournament. I blinked, looked around, and found that the dome that's originally filled with players had about half of them left. It seemed that the first round of the preliminaries were already over, and the losers were transported to the surface. My next opponent should appear immediately, and the second round will then begin.
But in such a situation, I don't think I can still fight.
I continued to stare at Spiegel, who gave a somewhat shocked look from afar, and Sinon right in front of me before breathing out weakly from my mouth.
Immediately, Sinon gave a serious look and said,
"You're already so awkward after the first battle. You look like you definitely won't be able to make it to the finals. Buck up...I must pay you back for tricking me!"
After saying that, she raised her right fist and again slammed it on my shoulder.
I unconsciously used my hands to grab this little hand that was about to leave me. I then dragged it to my chest, and then kept her arm at my forehead.
"Wa-Wait a minute...what are you doing!?"
Sinon hurriedly whispered as she got ready to draw her hand back. However, I continued to grip onto the hand tightly and would not let go.
Even though it's heat that's coming from a polygonal avatar, it was able to give me this inexplicable warmth. Once I felt that terrifying freezing feeling that occupied my heart, my body started to tremble.
"...What are you doing...?"
I heard a bothered voice first, and then, I felt that small and warm hand at my chest start to relax.

Chapter 7
There was a feeling of a little tingling in her right index finger, causing Sinon to frown. Rubbing her finger with her thumb with the intent to soothe the irritation did not do anything to remove the feeling.
She knew why though.
It was Kirito's fault. That rude, arrogant and very dense beginner. She used all of the strength in her body to clench her right hand.
This was normally impossible, and she half understood it in her head. Sinon was now in FullDive in the virtual world with the AmuSphere; no matter how hard she clasped her hand, her real body blood flow congestion or nerve pressure in reality would not be affected. All the sensations that occur in this world were from the result of electrical impulses directly sent to the brain by the machine with virtual signals.
????But.
Right now, Sinon's right hand could still feel the warmth and pressure of when the light saber user had held her hand strongly, although it had been close to two hours ago.
Giving up trying to erase the feeling, Sinon returned her right hand to the anti-material sniper rifle. On the lightly set spring of the trigger, she gently placed her index finger there. The grip of her beloved gun «Hecate II» that had gone through so many battles with her was like an extension of her body, but that little tingling in her finger persisted.
Sinon was now hiding in a clump of small bushes on the edge of a high cliff waiting for a chance to snipe.
The stage was the «Wilderness at the Crossroads». The topography was characterized by a staggeringly dry central plateau where two straight roads crossed. The opponent's name was «Stinger». BoB selection F Block, Fifth battle; it was the first semi-finals, and it had been twelve minutes since the start.
If she wins this match, regardless of the results for her next match, she will obtain the rights to enter the BoB main tournament battle royale scheduled for tomorrow, Sunday night. But, being able to win up to this point, the enemy Stinger must also be fairly strong.
Although he had a name like that, he was not actually equipped with a portable surface-to-air missile launcher «Stinger». His main weapon should be the «FN • SCAR» carbine rifle, which alone was enough of a threat. He was also equipped with an ACOG scope for improved accuracy. So, should they get close enough to get a visual of each other, Sinon might not be able to win.
Fortunately, in this map, there were four blocks separated by roads; you had to go through the central crossroads to reach the others. When two players first appear on this map, they are placed a minimum of 500 meters apart; thus, it was impossible for them to be placed in the same block.
In other words, if Stinger wanted to get within range of Sinon to snipe with SCAR, even knowing that he would need to pass through the central crossroads, he must charge through; on the other hand, Sinon must succeed in attacking him while he was in the crossroads.
With only this option, Stinger would try to extend the time before he would charge, as a tactic to exhaust Sinon's concentration. Although this was the case, Sinon could not deny the possibility of him making a move early, so she had no choice but to stretch the limits of her nerves in concentration and continue to stare through her sights like this.
Now, labelled from A to O with the pre-selected knockouts divided in 15 blocks, more than half of the deciding matches had finished, so only about 10 other matches are currently ongoing at the same time. In the Standby Room, on the first floor lobby, or at a pub on the street, you could watch all the games live. Focused on Sinon and Stinger was an audience who should be feeling very bored right now. After all, from the start of the match until now, both sides had not fired a single bullet.
On the other side, simultaneously within the F District semi-finals, there was a battle that was without a doubt completely not boring; that battle was unfolding in a flashy way.
The reason was— over there, one of them was a close combat specialist with two machine guns, and the other was one who used an even shorter range weapon— the lightsaber user's battle.
Now she must not lose concentration. Although she understood that, her thoughts returned to that mysterious black-haired girl, no, boy.

The first battle took her about ten minutes, and when she returned to the Standby Room, the first person to meet her was Spiegel ?? Shinkawa Kyouji and his congregations. After exchanging simple greetings and a thank you, Sinon returned to her original box seat. The appearance of Kirito there gave her a slight shock. This can't be. She did not think that he would win and return earlier than herself. Hmm, you are a little capable. She walked towards him thinking of saying that— but then again, Sinon was surprised by another thing.
Before the match, Kirito was full of that easy going attitude, but now he sat hunched over on a bench holding his knees, his head lowered and slender shoulders trembling.
... ... He won though. Is a battle with a gun opponent that scary?
Thinking about that, Sinon unconsciously stretched out her right hand to knock on the shoulder wrapped up in the night camo pattern jacket.
Suddenly, Kirito's whole body shrunk in surprise, with an action that could only be described as cautiously, and he looked up.
Sinon knew that anyone who doesn't know him would think he was a female, with both a cute and clever face on the avatar ?? the look was like a glimpse from the depths of hell, filled with deep fear.
"......Why do you have such a face?"
Sinon unconsciously whispered, and hearing her words, Kirito blinked a few times and pulled his face into a stiff smile.
"Nothing's wrong," Kirito answered in a very weak voice, and Sinon asked if his first fight was that difficult. But, the young face hidden behind the long black hair leaked out weak breathing, and he did not answer anything else.
He was not an opponent that she should get involved with beyond that.
Kirito should have known that Sinon would have misunderstood his gender. But he deliberately did not clear the misunderstanding and let Sinon show him around the streets, help him go shopping, and finally bring him to the same changing room.
Of course, she had mistaken him for a girl, and it was her fault for not asking for his name card. Therefore, over half of Sinon's anger was directed at herself.
In the real world, ever since she was well used by her classmates, she should have made the decision in her heart to no longer depend on others and to make no friends. When confronted by a rare GGO female player who asked for directions, she had completely forgotten about her decision.
It was fun. When she brought him to the market to shop and rode behind the three wheeled buggy, Sinon realized that she gave an honest smile, something she had not done for a long time in GGO. That's right ?? Sinon was not really angry about Kirito being a male. When she was together with him, she was being extra defenseless, something she couldn't forgive herself for.
That's why, when she learnt that Kirito won through the first battle, she was truly happy.
To meet in the final battle with him, then smash his cute looks with the bullets of Hecate and become stronger than before encountering this guy. Although she had this in mind, that Kirito had been taken over with fear like he was a different person.
Sinon spoke almost subconsciously in a voice laced with anger.
"You've become like this with just one battle? Going to the finals is a dream within a dream. Get a hold of yourself... I... have to take back what you owe me."
She held her right hand in a fist and once again knocked on Kirito's shoulder.
That hand was suddenly covered by two white hands. He then pulled that hand strongly and tightly held it to his fatigued chest.
"Hey, Hey... What are you doing!?"
Sinon shouted on reaction and tried to pull her hand out, but she had never imagined Kirito's delicate body to have such high STR rating, as he continued to hold her hand.
His hands were as cold as ice, and Sinon felt that touching his hands even made her breath cold.
At this time, in Sinon's field of vision, there appeared a 'report sexual harassment' button. If she were to press it with her left hand or say "report," then Kirito's avatar would be delivered to the Gurokken prison area and, for short period of time, would not be able to get out.
However, Sinon made no movement, and she also did not say anything.
Looking at his clenched hands and that slender body slightly shivering away, Sinon was struck by a strong sense of deja vu. She had seen a girl from somewhere, in that exact same posture before. Thinking further about it, she immediately noticed that was herself.
Not Sinon the sniper, but Asada Shino from the real world. It was just like the times when Shino lay curled up in bed from the memory filled with the stench of blood and gunpowder, crying for someone to save her.
Aware of that at this point in time, Sinon involuntarily relaxed her right hand.
"............Why are you............?"
She gently asked, but there was no answer. Even so, Sinon felt it.
Clinging onto her hands, that black haired avatar ?? no, inside that, the player whose face and name she doesn't know might be trapped in a similar darkness as Shino.
What happened, Sinon wanted to ask.
But before that, there was a faint light that enveloped Kirito's body, and then he disappeared. His next opponent had been set, so he was transferred to the site for his second battle.
With him like that, he probably would not be able to fight properly. Sinon determined that and gave a small sigh.
The one who lost will return to the Hall instead of the underground waiting area here. That's why, if Kirito lost, then today— or put it another way, she probably will not have a chance to meet him again.
Of course, that was not really a big deal. They were not even friends, but just happened to go in the same direction to the Government House. After today, she would forget his face and name.
While she told herself that, Sinon took her hand that remained in the air and put it on her chest.
—That was how it was supposed to be.
But beyond Sinon's wildest expectations, the second, third and even the fourth combat battle had been won by Kirito using just a lightsaber and a pistol.
While Sinon was waiting for her next match, she only had the chance to see his fight on the monitor once. His fighting style was like a 'Last Stand' or 'Banzai' attack with extremely suicidal tactics. Faced with the rapid-fire assault rifle of his AGI-based opponent, he used the small pistol FN Five-Seven, bought at Sinon's suggestion, as support fire in his frontal charge. He ignored the enemy bullets that hit his avatar's outer parts and only used his lightsaber to block the deadly ones, and with that, he closed the distance in the blink of an eye, then cut the enemy apart together with his rifle.
There was not a single person in the first and second BoB who fought this way. In the standby room, people were amazed and surprised, and Sinon could only watch with wide eyes.
With this momentum, Kirito could easily reach the finals of the F Block. However, against that kind of unreasonable opponent, how is she supposed to fight him?
After seeing Kirito's match, Sinon thought like that even as her semi-final match began, and part of her mind would not cease to consider the matter. At the same time, she could not stop thinking about the player called Kirito, himself.
When shopping together, he revealed a curious natural smile. When he was exposed as a male, Kirito waited for her to skin him alive for his cheeky attitude. Then, after his first battle, holding Sinon's hand, his weak body trembled. And – with his blue light blade, he cut up enemies relentlessly, with a ghost like appearance.
In the end, which is the real «Kirito»?
And why does she continue to think about these kind of things?
Realizing that she was irritated for no reason, Sinon lightly bit her lower lip while her right eye was against the high magnification scope. At this point—
A kilometer away, watching the road's intersection, she captured a large shadow speeding out from the mountain side.
Sinon automatically fine-tuned the Hecate. Wind was blowing from the left at 2.5m per second. Humidity was 5%. She placed the center of the faint reticule slightly above the shadow and waited for the Bullet Circle to shrink before pulling the trigger without hesitation.
*THUD*—
From the sights, the 50 caliber bullet flew through the air in a heat haze like tunnel. It drew a slight spiral track towards the bottom left and hit the upper part of the shadow.
"... ... There."
Sinon breathed out as she pulled the bolt of the Hecate back, emptying the cartridge shell and putting the next round of ammunition in the chamber.
The shadow that crumbled with a light sound was not the opponent Stinger. Instead, it was a lump of rock with a diameter of about one meter.
The next moment, flying out from the same place as the rock, an even larger silhouette came rushing out leaving a trail of dust behind.
A four-wheel armored vehicle— the «Humvee». Things such as vehicles are not items held by a player but are bonuses on specific points of the map. People who get there first can use them. It looked brand new, except for a small dent in front— Sinon instantly understood: the stone was deliberately knocked out by that car.
Stinger, who was supposed to be in the driver's seat, knew that Sinon's Hecate II was a bolt-action rifle and also knew that she would be aiming at the intersection that he must pass through.
So, he knocked that stone into the intersection with the Humvee to be shot, then while she prepared for the next shot, he planned to cross the intersection.
The idea was correct. In fact, the vehicle already reached the center of the intersection while she was pulling the bolt handle. She only has one more shot. Furthermore, she did not have time to aim carefully.
However, Sinon did not panic.
Stinger took away Sinon's largest advantage as a sniper, the «No Bullet Line First Shot». But in exchange, he also gave her important information. In Sinon's view, the trajectory path from her first shot was burnt in it. As long as she does not panic, she can make the second bullet fly the exact same path. If she used that, it would be possible for her to have a far higher accuracy hit than the first shot.
After making a slight adjustment to the gun body, Sinon pulled the trigger a second time. BOOM!
The 50 caliber bullet hit the side window of the driver`s seat and went right through the thick bullet proof glass easily.
The next moment, the vehicle made a big arc, went off the side of the road, and then crashed into the side of the mountain. From the front engine, flames erupted.
"... ... If you got off the car and ran, you might have seen the Bullet Line and be able to avoid it."
Sinon whispered as she chambered the third round. Keeping the scope on her right eye, she captured the burning Humvee in the reticule. No matter how many seconds she waited, Stinger did not appear. It looks like he died in the driver`s seat, but she maintained a firing position.
Once the evening air displayed "CONGRATULATIONS" in colored words, Sinon stood up from the bushes.
Game time, 19 minutes and 15 seconds. Semi-final cleared.
In this way, just as she had planned, she got a ticket to the BoB tournament. However, she showed no sign of victory, not even a smile. Her thoughts had been directed towards the upcoming preliminary F Block finals.
The mystery that was Kirito, no doubt, spent less time in his semi-final match. His opponent was armed with two SMGs. No matter how many bullets he shot, if he lets that lightsaber user get close, he will be showered by the instant death energy blade before Kirito's hp is all gone. Kirito, after all, with his amazing reaction speed, had the ability to «predict the trajectory prediction line». The best chance to stop him would be suppression fire from an M134 mini-gun, or other weapons like it.
Therefore, Sinon maintained a hold on Hecate, waiting motionlessly for the transfer to the next battleground.
After a few seconds, she did not return to the standby room, but flew directly to the final preparation area. The hexagonal surface of the window on the screen was marked by the opponent's name, and sure enough, the name there was [Kirito].

After the next transfer, she opened her eyes to see an elevated road extending out in a straight line, and the blood red sunset it went into.
The «Inter-Continental Highway» stage. Although the battlefield is the same size as the last one, about one kilometer squared, since you cannot get off the highway that goes from east to west, in fact, the battlefield is quite slender and simple.
However, there were numerous cars, trucks and even a helicopter wreckage, and there were cracks as the road went up and down, so from one side of the road, you could not see the other side.
Sinon took a quick look behind to confirm that she was in the eastern-most corner of the map. Then the opponent, Kirito, would be in the west extension of the road, at least 500 meters away.
She looked around, then soon ran up the road. Her destination was the large tour bus sitting across the road to the right front. From the semi-open back door into the bus's interior, and then up the stairs to the second level. She threw herself stomach down on the center of the floor, took Hecate II from her shoulder and opened its two legs. She aimed the gun muzzle at the panoramic window on the bus's front side, took up a sniping position, and flipped up the scope's front and back covers.
The sun is right in front of her. That means, no matter where she hid outside, the scope's lens reflection from the sunlight will have the danger of letting the enemy notice her. A sniper whose position is found out is easy to take care of.
But inside this bus, mirror coating on the glass outside will hide the scope's reflection. Also, with the height, she could see past most of the obstructions on the road.
Kirito should probably be closing in at high speed by moving from one obstacle to another. She did not think that she can hit that enemy with the Bullet Line. Her chance, is while he does not know her location, that first shot.
'- Hit him. I must.'
Carving that belief strongly into her heart, Sinon placed her right eye at the scope.
Why she wanted to win so much, she was not very clear, herself.
Indeed, Sinon was deceived by Kirito when he hid his gender as she showed him around and helped him buy equipment. Beyond that, he also saw her changing in the preparation room.
However, even saying so, it is nothing but this level of things. She had not lost any items, and only her avatar's underwear was seen. From the meeting on the street of Gurokken, to their separation at the standby room were only tens of minutes, it should not be difficult to forget.
But now, all the different battles she experienced in GGO were faded compared to how strongly she wanted to win against Kirito. Yes— even more than that fearsome minigun user, Behemoth. For someone who just arrived at GGO today, and furthermore against a lightsaber user that all gunners consider to be heretical, why would she go to such extents...
...No.
No, maybe, she had already understood the reason.
That is because, 'I no longer consider that guy as an «enemy» in my heart.' When that guy sat on the hard bench trembling as his cold hand held hers, she realized that a feeling that she could not name was born in her heart.
Compassion? No.
Pity? No.
Sympathy...? No, absolutely not.
'There is no one that can sympathize with me. There should not be a single person that bears the same painful darkness as me. I had been looking for such a person, but in the end, she was just constantly, constantly, constantly betrayed.'
The only thing that can save her, is her strength. Because she understood that, it's why she is here now.
She does not want to know Kirito's situation and does not need to know. As long as she mercilessly blows apart that avatar that confused her, he would be buried in her numerous kills thus far. Then she would forget.
That is all she needed to do.
Carefully but deliberately, Sinon set her mind and stared through the scope; her finger gripped the trigger.
So—
In the background of the crimson sunset, when a shadow appeared, in a flash, Sinon forgot her self control as a sniper and leaked out a sound.
"What..?"
The wind blew the long black hair, camouflage clothes wrapped the delicate body, and a light saber hung from the belt. No doubt, it was Kirito.
However, he was not running. And he did not seem to want to hide. He was right in the middle of the highway on the slightly raised center dividing line, walking with a sway. It was exactly the opposite of his previous match, a totally defenseless posture.
—Is he trying to say that, even without the Bullet Line, he could easily dodge my shot?
Thinking this, anger exploded inside her head as the crosshairs went to Kirito's head. Then, Sinon went to pull the trigger— just before that, she realized that her guess one second ago was wrong.
Kirito did not look in front. He just lowered his head down, with his body limb as if weakened, just mechanically dragging his feet forward. This was completely opposite to the "chased by ghosts" charge in his previous match, and it was a lethargic pace.
With him like that, dodging Sinon's shot was absolutely impossible. The Hecate II's bullet is shot out faster than the speed of sound, and it is too late by the time you hear the shot. And then with him looking down, of course he would not be able to see the muzzle flare.
That means— that is, Kirito did not want to avoid her shot from the start. He intended to deliberately get shot, and then lose to end the match. Once he obtained the right to enter the main tournament, whatever came after... his match with Sinon no longer mattered. That is what it means.
"...Don't, jok..."
Sinon's lips leaked out that raspy sound.
She put her finger on the trigger and applied force. The green Bullet Circle appeared, then centered on Kirito's lowered head and rapidly shrunk. The Circle's intense movement showed Sinon's chaotic heartbeat. But with only a weak breeze and a distance of only 400 meters, her shot would definitely hit.
Her index finger pushed down, and the trigger spring squeaked. And there she relaxed her finger. She pushed down again, trigger squeaked. Again relaxed.
"...Don't joke with me!!"
Her shout, was distorted like a child's crying sound.
At the same time, Sinon pulled the trigger. The 50 caliber rifle's roar filled the interior of the tour bus, and over half of the front glass filled with a white cloud then broke apart.
The bullet that came out flew through the crimson sunset in a straight line— it passed by Kirito's right cheek with over 50cm of space between them and hit the car far behind him. A fire pillar, and after that black smoke erupted.
From the pressure of the 12.7mm bullet flying by close to his head, Kirito lightly swayed. He stopped and looked up.
While Kirito looked like a girl on the surface, only a 'why did you miss?' questioning look appeared on Kirito's face. While staring at that face through the scope, Sinon pulled the bolt handle and fired again in one action.
This time, the bullet went over the top of Kirito's head and away behind him.
Reload. Pull the trigger. The third bullet hit the asphalt floor next to his black clothed right foot, leaving a big crater. Reload. Fire. Reload. Fire. Reload. Fire.
Six empty shells bounced around Sinon and disappeared after a little while.
Kirito was standing there, still unscathed, and through the scope, his eyes continued to look questioningly.
Sinon slowly stood up, her hands holding Hecate, and began to walk through the bus. She jumped out of what little remains of the front glass window onto the road and continued walking.
Tens of seconds later, when she closed to about 5 meters away from Kirito, she stopped.
Staring at the still standing black lightsaber user in the face, she breathed out.
"...Why?"
The meaning of this question, and the criticism mixed in it, seemed to reach Kirito. His black pupils shook, and again looked down at his feet.
Finally, he said without feeling, like an NPC.
"... My goal, is just to enter tomorrow's main tournament. I don't have a reason to fight beyond that."
Sinon had expected this answer. However, the feeling of 'that's why I cannot forgive' welled up in her chest, and once again, Sinon pushed out words.
"Then, you should have shot yourself with that gun right at the start of the match. Are you worried about ammo cost waste? Or do you want to give me a kill count, thinking that this way I would be satisified...!?"
To the head lowered Kirito, she took another step closer—
"Merely a VR game or merely one match, it's your choice if you feel that way! But don't force those values on me!!"
Sinon cried out in a trembling voice, and she also realized that she said something irrational.
To impose personal values ??upon your opponent, then it's the same as what she had done. If she cannot forgive Kirito, then Sinon should have used the first round of ammunition to determine the match, and then forget about him afterwards. Instead she used 6 rounds of ammunition to threaten him, and beyond that she threw out her feelings at him face to face. On the other hand, the unreasonable one might be herself.
??However.
Even so, Sinon could not stop herself. The Hecate held in trembling hands, face distorted, and could not stop a drop of tear that leaked out of the edge of her eye.
With his back to the distant sun as it set, half of his body in shadow, Kirito's eyes were tightly closed, and his mouth was stiff.
Finally, the delicate avatar relaxed, with a weak, but with a hint of emotion, he said.
"...I too... A long time ago, I felt that I blamed someone like that..."
"..."
Kirito glanced at the silent Sinon, then he bowed his head down.
"...I'm so sorry. I was wrong. Although it is only a game, only a match, but I should still give it all I've got... otherwise, there is no meaning or qualification for me to live in this world. I, should have known that..."
There, he raised his head, the black eyes looked straight at Sinon, and the swordsman from a strange land said.
"Sinon, can you give me a chance to make it up to you? Right now, have a match with me."
From the unexpected words, Sinon momentarily forgot her anger and wrinkled her eyebrows.
"Right now, even if you say that..."
BoB's qualification and main tournament are encounter fights with unknown enemy starting locations. Since they met face to face like this without fighting, there should be no way to return to the beginning condition.
However, Kirito showed a slight smile, then pulled out the FN Five-Seven from the holster on his left waist. He used a hand gesture to stop Sinon, who was about to take position, and pulled the gun's slide once. He skillfully caught the ejected bullet in the air, then placed the pistol back into the holster.
While spinning the 5.7mm bullet with his left hand fingers, Kirito said.
"Your gun, it still has ammo, right?"
"...Yeah, only one shot left."
"Then, let's go with a duel style. Let's see... 10 meters away. You use your rifle, and I use my sword. I'll throw the bullet. When it hits the ground, we start the match. How about that?"
Surprised, or more like Sinon was stunned. Without noticing that her earlier anger had thinned, she moved her mouth.
"Look here... do you think that would even be a match? With just 10 meters apart, this Hecate's bullet will definitely hit. With my skill proficiency and stats supplement, combined with its stats, it's a sure hit distance in the system. You won't even have a chance to move your lightsaber. The result is no different from your suicide."
"We won't know till we try it."
After saying that with arrogance— Kirito's red lips showed a sharp smile.
At the moment she saw this expression, Sinon felt a jolt run through her back.
He was serious. This lightsaber user, really wanted to win against Sinon in a Western-style duel.
Indeed, the Hecate II had only one round of ammunition left in the magazine. So, he must dodge that somehow to win. He might be thinking like that, too naive. Against a sure hit and sure kill bullet, there should be no «somehow». Compared to the shopping mall «game to avoid the bullets» gunman's antique revolver, whether it is bullet speed, accuracy, or power, it is not on the same level.
But— if Kirito really did have «something», then.
I want to see it. No matter what.
The next moment, Sinon nodded and said:
"...Fine. I agree to use this approach for a showdown."
Then she turned away, took around ten steps east on the center dividing line, and then turned back to face the sun.
The distance between the two people, was just ten meters. She raised the Hecate that she was carrying, nestled the butt of a rifle against her right shoulder, and spread apart her feet in a standard shooting position.
In the real world, even the strongest person could not fire an anti-materiel rifle from a standing shooting position. But in GGO, as long as the physical abilities reach a sufficient value, it was no longer impossible. Of course, one cannot withstand the huge recoil and will fall back behind, but since she only has one bullet, this doesn't matter.
She pulled the bolt handle to place the last bullet into the chamber.
When she looked through the scope, even at the lowest magnification, Kirito's shape filled her view.
It was like the beauty of young girls, the weak and powerlessness a few minutes ago no longer existed. His obsidian like looks shone brightly, and a fearless smile on his lips.
Kirito closed the fingers on his hand that was holding the FN Five-Seven bullet and stretched that arm straight in front, as he pulled out the lightsaber on his right waist. He pressed the switch with his thumb, and it issued out a blue-white brilliant blade of energy.
Right now, the audience outside watching the F-Block final might be titling their head and wondering what those two people are doing. She did not care about that. A bullet versus a blade. With common sense, it's not a fighting match, but Sinon could really feel her tension going up.
—Sure enough, that guy has «something».
With such a direct feeling, Sinon slightly adjusted Hecate's aim.
On the other side of the reticule, Kirito spoke.
"...Then, let's start."


Then, he did not hesitate to flick the bullet into the air. The spinning bullet flew high. Light reflected by the setting sun made it shine like a ruby as it traveled into the air.
Kirito lowered his waist, placed his left foot in front and leaned half of his body forward, and the lightsaber on his right hand slanted down to the side. Even with his fingers that held the blade, there was not any feel of force; it was a relaxed posture. But even in such a stance, the delicate avatar sent out a pressure as if she was targeted at her heart by a rifle muzzle.
Sinon, as well, realized that her sensations sharply rose higher. The 5.7mm bullet moving in the air seemed very slow. Every other sound faded. She was only conscious of the existence of her body and the Hecate II. No, the distinction between those two also disappeared. The shooter and the gun had completely merged to become one, with only striking the target accurately with the bullet in mind.
From her view, the white reticule, and the green circle also disappeared.
In front of the silent swordsman in black, falling at a slow pace, was the bullet signal. Although the bullet crossed her scope and went out of sight, Sinon could feel its existence. It rolled and tumbled to the ground— The sharp bullet hit the asphalt— The game system determined the contact of the two objects, and issued an order to convey a sound effect through the AmuSphere— the signal released an electronic pulse, in Sinon's hearing—
*PING*.
At the instant of that small sound's echo, her right index finger pulled the trigger.
In the next few seconds, the phenomenon that occurred would be engraved into Sinon's accelerated consciousness with fresh color.
From the Hecate's large muzzle break came orange flames.
On the other side, the blue white lightning cut through the dusk darkness.
Shining like shooting stars, two small lights split to the left and right, flying far away.
Pushed by the anti-materiel rifle's huge recoil, while falling backwards, Sinon belatedly realized the meaning of the scene that she saw.
It was cut apart.
At the moment the bullet fell to the ground, Kirito's lightsaber slashed upwards, and cut the 50-caliber bullet that was supposed to be a fatal hit. The two shooting stars that Sinon saw, were fragments of the bullet that were cut by the high concentration energy blade, and flew past either side of Kirito behind him.
But— it should not be possible!
If he had guessed her bullet's path and swung the sword, then the result would be understandable. However, Sinon had not aimed at the avatar's center as she was supposed to, but instead, she aimed at Kirito's left leg.
Hecate is such a large-caliber gun that it has something called «impact damage» as additional damage. In this case of super-close range, even if only the wrist or foot were hit, the impact area attack will take HP right to 0.
For Kirito who converted to GGO today, and with no knowledge about guns, he should not know about this. So, if he had guessed the bullet's path, he should certainly have only guarded the center of his body.
Even so, Kirito was able to accurately target the bullet that aimed for his left thigh with a flash of his lightsaber. That was not a gamble. Moreover, at this distance, this projectile velocity, Bullet Line assist would be useless. In the end why— How did he...?
Even overwhelmed by surprise for the moment, Sinon's hand did not stop. While she was pushed backwards, her left hand let go of the Hecate, then she reached instinctively for the MP7 at her waist.
However, he was faster than that.
Like lightning, Kirito dashed across the ten-meter gap between them and appeared in front of Sinon. The blade in his right hand hummed and dyed her view a brilliant blue.
She will be cut.
Even with that prediction, Sinon did not close her eyelids. Her open eyes saw, with a huge sunset for background, glossy black hair sway in arcs like a fan.
Then, everything stopped.
The Hecate in her right hand, and the MP7 in her left hand dangled as Sinon was deeply bended backward. However, no matter how long, she did not fall to the road. Kirito's left hand supporting her back was the reason.
And then in the swordsman's right hand was the lightsaber, held against Sinon's exposed and defenseless neck. Only the sound of the blade's plasma vibration hum, and the sound of the wind blowing afar could be heard.
With his left foot forward, Kirito was bent towards Sinon who was leaning back, just if they were enacting a scene in a dance as they were close together, and it remained paused for a while.
The dark pupils were right in front of her eyes. Until now, both in the real world and even in this virtual world, she had not allowed anyone to come this close to her. However, Sinon was not aware of this and asked in a whisper while peeking into Kirito's eyes.
"...How did you predict my aim?"
At the other end of the energy blade, he softly spoke;
"Even through the scope's lens, I saw your eye."
Eye. In other words— her line of sight.
He read the bullet's path by her line of sight, was what Kirito meant.
There was actually someone in this world who could do this. Sinon had never thought about this. A small tremble that is either terror or not travelled its way from her back to the top of her head.
So strong. Kirito's strength, had gone beyond the level of a VR game.
However, since this is the case— Why then, in the corner of the Standby Room, did he tremble so much? Why did those cold hands firmly hold on to Sinon's hand?
Sinon opened her mouth and a small voice asked.
"You are this strong. What are you afraid of?"
Then she saw the eyes of Kirito momentarily shake. After a brief silence, Kirito answered as if he was enduring something.
"This is not strength. Just skill."
At the moment she heard those words, Sinon forgot about the blade of light next to her throat and shook her head violently.
"Lies. You liar. If it was just technique, it would not be possible to cut Hecate's bullet. You should know. How did you become this strong? I... I want to know that so..."
"Then let me ask you!"
Kirito suddenly interrupted her in a low voice, but with blue flame like heat mixed in his voice.
"If that gun's bullet will really kill the real world player... And then, if you do not kill, either you, or someone important to you, will be killed. If that is the case, would YOU. PULL. THE. TRIGGER!?"
"...!"
Sinon forgot to breathe, and her eyes widened.
Does he know? she thought that for a moment. The mysterious visitor, did he know that Sinon's past was paint in darkness, and an incident happened?
'- No, wrong. It's not like that. Probably... this person as well, in the past...'
The left hand supporting Sinon's back became hard with tension, but soon relaxed. While his hair touched Sinon's forehead, Kirito shook his head and whispered;
"...I can no longer do that. That's why I am not strong. I... cut two people at that time, no, three people, and I do not even know their real names... I just closed my eyes, plugged my ears, and pretended to forget everything..."
Sinon did not understand what he meant.
However, she was sure of one thing. Inside Kirito, a darkness similar to Sinon's— a fear was hidden. And then probably, while he waited in the Standby Room, something happened. Something that made his supposedly buried darkness overflow.
Sinon's left hand let the MP7 fall onto the ground.
Her empty hand rose as if pulled by an invisible string, and closed near Kirito's cheek past the lightsaber blade.
Right before her fingers touched—
Unexpectedly, the usual carefree smile returned to Kirito's cheeks. His eyes still retained a painful light. Even so he shook his head, and said as if to interrupt Sinon's hand.
"—Well. It appears that I've won the match... Do you agree?"
"What...? Ah, that's..."
While she blinked as she was unable to switch her feelings, Kirito's face closed in and he whispered.
"Won't you resign? I don't like cutting a girl."
Hearing his very rude and cheeky words, Sinon finally realized her situation. In other words, she was restrained by a left hand on her back and a lightsaber at her throat, and while she was in an unmovable state in extremely close contact with Kirito, that miserable appearance— that scene, had been broadcast live to the Standby Room, Presidential Lobby, and all the pubs in Gurokken, such was the situation.
While conscious of the blood rushing to her face, Sinon spit out a retort from her clenched teeth.
"...I am thankful to have another chance to fight with you. In tomorrow's main tournament, absolutely stay alive till you encounter me."
And then she turned her face away, and loudly shouted, "I Resign!"

Match time: 18 minutes and 52 seconds.
F Group, Third Bullet of Bullets qualifying final ended.
"Onii-chan~!"[1]
It was a bright and clear Sunday. I was sitting at the dining table eating my lunch, and I suddenly had an «ominous feeling» rush up between my eyebrows after seeing my beloved imouto giving me her brightest smile. This proves how I, Kirigaya Kazuto, was not a good person.
However, I still stopped myself from putting the cherry tomato into my mouth and said,
“Wha…what’s wrong, Sugu?”
Once I finished asking, I saw my imouto—or rather, my cousin, Kirigaya Suguha sitting across me. She picked up something that she had put down on the chair beside her, and at this moment, I immediately knew that my premonition was spot on.
“Erm…did you see this news on the net this morning?”
As she said that, a large A4-sized printing paper was pushed to me. It seemed that she printed the news bulletin of the largest VRMMO gaming info website «MMO Tomorrow», or ‘M Tomo’ for short.
The headlines had the words ‘The list of 30 players taking part in the 3rd «Bullet of Bullets» Royal Rumble for the title of the strongest in ‘Gun Gale Online’ has been revealed’ written in thick font.
Below it, there’s also a brief report of the namelist of all the participants.
The finger of Suguha, who cut her fingernails neatly, pointed to a line ‘Ranked 1st in Group F: Kirito ‘First’ ’ I glanced at those words and weakly tried to cover things up.
“Heh, heh— so there’s someone with a name similar to mine—”
“What do you mean similar? It’s completely the same.”
Under the bangs, Suguha showed a smile on the clean face befitting that of a sports-girl.
In this world of reality, she could take part in the national High School kendo tournament and the Gyokuryuuki group kendo tournament. Someone weak like me who could only hide at home can’t match her physically. Also, Suguha’s controlling the fairy swordsman «Lyfa» in this completely technical VRMMO «ALfheim Online». Those proper and sturdy sword techniques far surpass my sword skills where I merely swung my sword wildly.
No matter whether it’s the real world or virtual world, I could only apologize immediately once I get into an argument with Suguha, but normally, I wouldn’t need to worry about that. That’s because during the past year ever since I returned back to the real world, we cleared all the alienating feeling we had when we were young, and even had quite a good relationship. Even dad would feel jealous after coming back from America during summer vacation.
Today—Sunday, year 2025, December 14. As mom was at the editorial department like usual, Suguha and I had to buy our own ingredients for lunch. We had Caesar salad with boiled eggs and seafood paella, and so we faced each other at the table and started to tuck in happily…until Suguha took out that piece of paper.
“…Ye-Yeah, it’s the same, hm.”
I barely looked away from the paper that had the name Kirito on it and put the cherry tomato into my mouth. I chewed on it and said with a vague voice,
“Bu-But, that’s a pretty common name, right? I just cut my name short. This Kirito in GGO may be called, Kiri… Kirigamine Tougorou. That could be his real name, yup.”
The reason why I would feel such a sharp pain after saying such a blatant lie must be because I said a huge lie to my beloved imouto. Yes, the Kirito that Suguha was talking about was my character in the game.
As for why I had to hide this fact, it was because I had to «convert» my avatar Kirito from ALO to the shooter MMO «Gun Gale Online», a game with lots of problems, so that I could take part in the «Bullet of Bullets» tournament.
This so-called «convert» is to make use of the shared VRMMO functions that «The Seed» platform used. It could convert a character from a certain game into another one while «keeping the same strength». This was a system that was completely unimaginable a few years ago.
Of course, there were some limitations to this system, and the biggest of them was that I could only move a character, and can’t move the money and equipment into a new game. Thus, the transfer wouldn’t be just a temporary one, but a permanent one.
If I said that I want to transfer from ALO to another game, Suguha, who liked that fairy kingdom, would be really badly affected. On the other hand, I am hesitating over whether I should explain to Suguha why I transferred «Kirito» over to GGO. That’s because this has something to do with the darkest secrets of VRMMO.
The man who requested me to investigate the world of GGO was called Kikuoka Seijirou. He was once a member of the government’s «SAO incident task force», and now, he’s a member of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and VR world Division, a government official of what’s called the «Virtual Division».
On Sunday a week ago, Kikuoka called me out and told me of something strange.
He noted that amongst the streets of the world of GGO, an avatar would say to other avatars «judgement» and shoot bullets at them. That alone would be merely a prank or a disturbance. However, in the real world, there were two players who died immediately the moment they were shot—that’s basically about it.
I do feel that there’s a 90% chance that it was all a coincidence.
However, I really couldn’t give up on that remaining 10% possibility of a «certain type»…so I accepted Kikuoka’s dangerous request and entered the world of GGO, hoping to interact with that shooter who created this commotion.
As there was no time to train my character, I could only convert my Kirito from ALO over and took part in the BoB preliminaries on Saturday yesterday to catch his attention. The initial gunfight caused me quite a headache, but luckily, the first player I met and befriended explained the content of the game to me, allowing me to pass through the preliminaries and a first interaction with the guy who could be the shooter.
Up till now, I still don’t know whether that guy who called himself «Death Gun» really had the ability to kill gamers in the real world through the game itself.
However, that made me find out something.
The «Death Gun» and I had an unexpected relationship.
Like me, the «Death Gun» was a «survivor» of that death game—Sword Art Online. Also, I may have fought against him before and even intended to end his life—…
“Onii-chan, you’re making that terrifying face again.”
On hearing that, my body suddenly jerked. The eyes that were looking up at the sky blankly immediately saw Suguha frowning as she gave me a worried look.
She put down the printed piece of paper she pushed to me onto the table, held her hands together lightly and looked straight at me.
“…Well, erm, actually, I knew that onii-chan… «Kirito-kun» converted over from ALO to GGO.”
These sudden words caused me to nearly pop my eyes out. On seeing that, this imouto of mine who’s a year younger than me gave me a mature smile that showed that she saw through everything.
“How could I not notice that Kirito-kun already disappeared from my friends list?”
“…No, however, I intend to move back after this weekend…and you don’t have to check your friends list all the time…”
“I could feel it without looking.”
Suguha said firmly. Those wide eyes were shining with the aura of mystery, and at this moment, I actually had a thought that this person is a girl. This idea was really awkward of me, and besides, the guilt of converting over without telling my imouto caused me to look away. However, Suguha said firmly to me.
“…The moment I noticed that Kirito-kun disappeared yesterday, I immediately disconnected and got ready to rush into onii-chan’s room. However, onii-chan definitely wouldn’t have any reason to hide from me and leave ALO. I thought that something was amiss, so I contacted Asuna-san.”
“I see…”
My neck shrank after I answered briefly.
I only told Asuna—Yuuki Asuna and our «daughter», the AI Yui, that I converted from ALO to GGO. Even if I disappear only for two seconds, let alone days, Yui, who had partial system login authority would find out immediately.
And Yui doesn’t like me hiding things from Asuna. Of course, she would definitely understand if I told her that I had some troubles, but I couldn’t do that after remembering that my instruction will cause a huge strain on Yui’s main program.
Thus, I could only tell Asuna and Yui that ‘I have to head to GGO because Kikuoka Seijirou requested me to’, and even explained that the aim was to ‘investigate the links in The Seed’. However, I couldn’t explain the main reason to them. Actually, it was about «Death Gun»’s shooting in the game and the 2 deaths in the real world—
This sounds really ridiculous, but as it was too unique, I felt that it just wasn’t right. Also, this was also the biggest reason why I couldn’t tell Suguha or my other friends that I converted my data.
I looked down and murmured, and then, I heard something move.
Then, it was the soft footsteps and the feeling of my shoulders being touched.
“…Onii-chan.”
Suguha leaned her body on my back and whispered to my ears.
“Asuna-san said that ‘he will be back like usual after creating chaos in GGO’, but I guess that she should be rather anxious. I’m like her too, because…because, onii-chan, you came back so late last night, and your face was really scary.”
“Is…that so.”
I could only answer that. Suguha’s short hair stroked my neck, and a voice with a tinge of breath was close to my left ear, and ringed,
“It…shouldn’t be dangerous, right…? I don’t really want you to go somewhere far away…”
“…I won’t leave.”
This time, I said it clearly to her, and then placed my right hand on the small hand that’s on my left shoulders.


“I promise. Tonight, after the GGO event is over, I’ll come back to ALO…and this house.”
“…Okay.”
Suguha seemed to nod her head, and then leaned her upper body over to me as she just remained there.
My imouto was already distraught during the 2 years I was trapped inside SAO, and I really shouldn’t have made her so anxious.
Actually, I could send a message to Kikuoka Seijirou that ‘I don’t want to do it’, and just forget about everything-- But after what happened in the preliminaries yesterday, there were two reasons that made it tough for me to do it.
One of the reasons was that I agreed to fight against the girl «Sinon», who wielded some terrifyingly huge sniper rifle, mistook me for some female gamer, and earnestly taught me all sorts of tricks.
And the other reason was my grudge with «Death Gun».
I have to face that man in the grey coat again, confirm his «past name»—and the two friends of his that I killed with my sword. This was supposed to be a responsibility I should have done when I returned back to the real world…
I tapped on the hand Suguha placed on my shoulder, and again said,
“Don’t worry, I’ll definitely come back. Let’s hurry up and eat. The food is about to turn cold.”
“…Okay.”
Suguha’s voice sounded more powerful now as she nodded her head, hugged me on the shoulders and let go after a while.
After she ran back to her seat in small steps, my imouto had a bright smile on her face. She took a large scoop of paella, stuffed it into her mouth, and then twirled her spoon lightly.
“Speaking of which, onii-chan.”
“…hm?”
“I heard from Asuna-san that you can earn lots of money in this «job», right?”
“Ugh!”
My mind began to recall the 300,000 yen reward I would receive from Kikuoka, and the PC parts catalog that I was prepared to use the money for...I decided that I could forgo the increased storage capacity, and so slapped my chest confidently.
“O, oh, I’ll buy anything for you, so just wait for me to come back.”
“That’s great! I always wanted to buy a nanocarbon shinai!”
...Looks like I'll have to give up the main memory as well.

I went out earlier than 3pm to avoid the traffic crowd, and hopped onto the old bike before leaving the house.
The vehicle moved through Kawagoe Street as it continued to head east, went past Ikebukuro, and moved through Kasuga Street. After that, I turned south at Hongo, went through Bunkyou City before arriving at the general hospital, which was my current destination.
I came here yesterday, but my memory seemed to be far away.
Actually, the reason was simple. I couldn't sleep no matter how long I laid on my bed, and could only keep my eyes open in the darkness as I tried to remember the long-forgotten past that was deep within me - the entire process of the destruction of the killer guild «Laughing Coffin» during the SAO era.
In the end, I finally gave up trying to sleep on my own and at 4am in the morning, wore the AmuSphere, entered the VR space, used the local area network to call out my «daughter» Yui from the PC in my house and made her continue to talk to me until «sleep mode» was activated. However, I couldn’t get a nice long dream because I couldn’t sleep soundly.
Luckily, I don’t really remember much of the contents, but a voice continued to ring in my ears ever since I woke up.
--Are you Kirito?
That was probably the mutter the gamer called «Death Gun» said to me in the preliminaries yesterday.
And this was also a question to me, the person who used his swords to slay two—no three «Laughing Coffin» members, including that bodyguard of Asuna.
Is it you? You’re the «Kirito» who killed us?
I just couldn't answer ‘that’s right’ straight away when facing this question, whether it was the BoB preliminaries or the dream.
During the finals at 8pm today, I guess I will face that guy who looked like an undead. If I am asked that question again, I have to admit this no matter what.
But I just didn’t have confidence that I could do this.
“…I knew it would become like this…”
I should have used an entirely new name to enter GGO instead of converting the name «Kirito» over from ALO.
Depreciating myself as I laughed about such a shameful thought, I parked the bike and walked into the ward building.
As I sent a message over before I left, nurse Aki was waiting for me in that hospital room yesterday. Just like yesterday, she had a loosely tied braid on her hair, but today, she had a pair of frameless spectacles on her nose. She was sitting at the chair beside the bed, crossing her long and slender legs as she raised one of them up, and reading the paper book that seemed to be a little outdated. However, she quickly closed the book and smiled once she saw me.
“Ya, you came here rather early, boy.”
“Sorry for bothering you again today, Aki-san.”
After nodding to her, I looked at the clock and found that it was not even 4pm yet. There’re more than 4 hours before the BoB finals begin, but I can’t possibly learn much if I sweated too much over nearly missing out on the registration. I guess it’s best to appear earlier and get some shooting practice.
I placed my coat on the hanger and said to Nurse Aki.
“Well, since the tournament starts at 8, you can take my ECG then.”
Upon doing so, the nurse in the nurse lab coat shrugged her shoulders lightly.
“It’s okay. I just finished night duty. I’m on off duty today, so I can accompany you for a few hours.”
“Eh…erm, isn’t that too awkward…”
“Really? I’ll borrow your bed if I want to sleep.”
She said these words and winked a bit. As a huge VRMMO addict who has very little experience in BGR, I could only look away vaguely. Nurse Aki chuckled on seeing me like this. As this person saw me in an embarrassing position during my rehab, I could not lift my head up to look at her.
I sat on the bed to hide this awkwardness, and immediately scanned through the screen equipment beside me and the two overlapping silver ringed-helmet—«AmuSphere» that were prepared for me.
Kikuoka specially prepared a brand new machine for me, and there's not a single stain on both the stainless steel or the man-made leather. Its trendy design and feel far surpassed the initial Nerve Gear, and it was more apt to call it a decoration than an electronic device.
This machine shouldn't be able to cause fatal microwaves like what its ad tagline «definitely safe» indicates. No, it's more like it was strictly designed to be able to create weak electric signals.
So normally, there was no need to head to a hospital and connect myself to an ECG and let a nurse stand beside me to guard my safety. No matter what anyone does, the probability of them being able to hurt me through this AmuSphere is zero. No chance whatsoever.
...And yet.
The famous gamers in GGO, «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako», did die in real life.
And the «Death Gun» avatar who fired virtual bullets at them was someone who PKed of his own free will in SAO...a red player.
What if there were some dangerous component still hidden in the FullDive technology?
For example, maybe players who killed people in the abnormal world of SAO started to give off a certain type of digital «killing intent» or «grudge» suited to the VR environment. That gets converted into data by the AmuSphere, is transmitted over the network, becomes some kind of signal in the target's nervous system, and flows inside...actually causing their heart to stop.
If this hypothesis is correct, then maybe it's possible for the attacks of «Death Gun» inside the game to kill players in the real world.
At the same time, it's even possible that the virtual sword wielded by «Kirito» could end up really killing «Death Gun» or someone else.
After all, I've also killed players in Aincrad. Probably more than most of the red players did.
Up till now, I would deliberately forget those who fell at my blade. However, the seal of those memories was opened yesterday.
No, it's more like I couldn't forget about them at all. During this past year, I just lived through while trying to pretend that nothing happened, and continued to escape the price of the sin I committed...
“What's with you, boy? You don't look so good.”
The tip of the white slippers suddenly knocked at my knees.
I was so shocked that my shoulders went stiff. Looking up, I found that Nurse Aki was looking at me through the frameless spectacles.
“...Ah...it's nothing...”
I shook my head slightly, but still bit my lips hard in the end. A few hours ago, I made Suguha worry for the same reason. It's too shameful of me to let Nurse Aki worry about me even after accepting such a request.
However, Nurse Aki gave me the encouraging smile she showed when I was doing rehab. She stood up from the chair, moved beside me and said,
“It's a rare chance for a beautiful nurse to give counselling. Just say what's on your mind.”
“...I'll likely get divine retribution if I refuse.”
Fuu...after exhaling hard, I looked at the floor, hesitated for a while, and said,
“...Well, Nurse Aki. You were in the surgical department before coming over to Rehab, right?”
“Yes, that's right.”
“Please forgive this rude and direct question of mine...”
I glanced up left and asked in a more delicate voice,
“...How long can those patients who died remain in your mind...?”
This is a question I would probably get scolded for or even blank white eyes. If I were a nurse, I'll be wondering what would a brat who doesn't know anything about the surgical scene ask something like he knew what's going on.
However, Nurse Aki still gave me a smile and answered,
“Well...”
She looked at the ceiling of the patient's room for a while, and slowly opened her mouth before saying,
“If I try to recall, I can remember their names and faces. Even if it's a patient whom I spend only an hour with in the same operation room...hm, I can still remember. I only saw them sleeping due to the anaesthetic. That's really unbelievable, isn't it?”
In other words, there were some deaths in the operations Nurse Aki did before...I knew that this isn't something that I can just touch on randomly, but I couldn't help but ask,
“Don't you want to forget them?”
Nurse Aki blinked twice, perhaps seeing my expression I don't know of after I said that. However, the lips that had light lipstick on them continued to maintain their smile.
“Hmm, well...I don't know if I can answer your question here...”
Nurse Aki said that, and then continued with a very hoarse voice,
“Humans will definitely forget once they feel that there's something they should forget. They wouldn't even have any thoughts of wanting to forget. The more you want to forget, the more the memory's ingrained in you, which will make it clearer, right? In that case, I guess...deep inside your heart, your subconsciousness, you didn't really want to forget about that, right?”
This unexpected answer caused me to take a slight gasp.
The more I want to forget, the more I couldn't forget...?
These words went straight into my heart, leaving a strong bitter taste in my mouth. After I turned it to a self-depreciating smile, I said these words,
“...Then, I'm really a bad person...”
Evading the 'why' stare Nurse Aki was giving me, I looked between my feet on the floor, clenched my fists and placed them on my knees, and used this pressure to release the words from my chest.
“...I killed 3 players...in SAO...”
The dry voice knocked into the white walls of the patient's room and returned as a wonderful echo. No, I guess my brain was the only one that was affected.
I came to this hospital during November and December last year to recuperate, and Nurse Aki was the one in charge of taking care of me. That's how she knew that I was imprisoned inside the virtual world for two years. However, I had never told her about what happened in that world.
Anyone working in the medical care department would definitely feel unhappy about hearing that I took lives. However, I just couldn't stop talking. I could only lower my head further and say with the hoarse voice.
“They were all reds...all «murderers», but I could have chosen not to kill them and make them unable to fight then. But I still slayed them, because of my own rage, anger...and lust for revenge. I have even forgotten about them for this past year. No, I still couldn't remember their names and faces even if I say this now. In other words...I'm the kind of guy who would even forget the people I personally killed.”
The moment I shut my mouth up, the patient room became completely silent.
After a while, the sound of clothes rubbing and the shaking of the bed hit me. I guess Nurse Aki who's sitting on my left is about to leave the room.
However, I was wrong. A hand went over my back and was placed on my right shoulder before pulling me over forcefully. At this moment, the left side of my body was stuck tightly onto the nurse lab coat. The tense me that heard a soft voice with light breathing at a position very close to me.
“I'm sorry, Kirigaya-kun. I said confidently that I could ease your emotional problems, but I still can't remove the burden on you. Of course, I can't bear it with you.”
The hand that was on my right shoulder started stroking my hand.
“I have never played any VR games, let alone «Sword Art Online»...so I can't feel the weight of the words «kill». However...one thing I definitely know is that you ended up having to do that because you wanted to help someone, right?”
“Eh...”
Her words took me by surprise.
To help others. This element did exist, bu-but, I can't just...
“In healthcare, there are also situations where we have to choose who we want to save, like abandoning an infant to save the mother, to abandon a vegetable to save someone who's waiting for an organ and so on. In a large scale scenario or disaster, there are standards to assess the 'level of injury' and prioritize those who need help. Of course...it's not that we can kill without a good reason. A lost life can't be taken back no matter what price is paid. But...someone like you should also have the right to think that someone was saved because of you. You have the right to redeem yourself by thinking of those people you saved.”
“Allowing me...to redeem myself...”
After I said that with a hoarse voice, I shook my head while Nurse Aki's hand was still on me.
“Bu-But...I forgot about those people I killed, threw away those responsibilities and duties, so I shouldn't even be redeemed...”
“It wouldn't hurt that much if you really had forgotten about it.”
After saying that with a firm voice, Nurse Aki placed her left hand on my hand and turned me to her. The long narrow eyes behind the frameless spectacles had a tough glow in it. I found that there were tears rolling out of my eyes the moment she used the thumb with the shortened fingernail to wipe my eyes.
“You still remembered it clearly. Of course, you will remember everything when it's time for you to remember. That's why, you have to remember those you helped and saved at that time too.”
After she said that, Nurse Aki placed her forehead near my forehead.
The icy touch caused the swirling heavy brain of mine to calm down. My shoulders started to relax too, and I slowly closed my eyes.

A few minutes later, I was naked on top and had electrodes for the ECG stuck on me as I raised my hands to lift the AmuSphere.
Ever since last night, I've always had an icy and heavy fear and responsibility troubling me, and now this burden has finally left me. But once I meet that guy in «Gun Gale Online» again—«Death Gun», the burden will press down on me again.
The VR screen that was as heavy as cast iron was placed on my head. I turned the power on, and immediately, there was soon an electronic chime that indicated the completion of standby. I moved my vision and said to Nurse Aki who was sitting beside the screen equipment,
“I'll leave the control to you then. And, also...about just now...thanks.”
“No, it's nothing to be thankful for.”
After saying that in a pastor-like tone, the nurse draped a thin blanket on me. I forcefully closed my eyes amidst the aroma of clean soap.
“Well, I doubt anything will be happening until 8...I'll probably be back by 10. I'm going now, then. ——LINK START—!”
After shouting, the colored lights appeared in front of me, and then swallowed me in.
As my senses were gradually severed, Nurse Aki's voice could be heard.
“I understand. Be on your way, «Hero Kirito»-kun.”
What...?
Before I could even think, my consciousness left reality and entered that barren wasteland of dust and smoke.

Chapter 8
"That guy..."
CRACK!
"...REALLY INFURIATES ME!"
Exclaiming these words out of her mouth, Asada Shino used the toes of the sneakers she was wearing to kick at the swing.
This is a corner of a little park near Shino's home apartment. The sky had become dark, and this park was a simple area with only 2 recreational equipment and a pile of gravel, thus, no children would come here to play on Sundays.
Sitting beside Shino on the swing was Shinkawa Kyouji, who widened his eyes.
"That's rare of you, Asada-san...for you to criticize someone in such a straightforward manner."
"Because he's really..."
Shino stuck her hands inside her denim dress, leaned her back against the slanted pillar, twists her lips and continued,
"...So thick-skinned, loves to cause sexual harassment, likes to act cool... speaking of which, who the hell uses swords to fight in GGO!"
Everytime Shino would talk about how infuriating «that guy» was to her, she would kick a small pebble beside her foot.
"Also, that guy was even cross-dressing as a girl right at the beginning, and even asked me to choose clothing for him! I nearly lent him money as well!, AAAAHHHHHH!! DAMN IT, WHAT WITH THE 'WON'T YOU RESIGN?'!"
This grumbling continued until there were not suitably-sized stones around. Shino lowered her head, looked beside her, and found that Kyouji was really shocked as he used a certain delicate expression to look back at her.
"...What's the matter, Shinkawa-san?"
"No...it's not rare, but I guess this is the first time you bad-mouthed someone so much..."
"Eh...really?"
"Yeah. Because you normally didn't seem interested in others..."
"..."
On hearing him say this, she started to realize it,
Normally, she wouldn't interact with others enthusiastically. Even if someone pulls a prank—like Endou and the rest, she would merely feel irritated at most because she felt that there was no need to waste too much energy getting angry at them.
If she really had to say it, Shino couldn't even finish her own problems. Who has the time to bother about others? Even so, «that guy» really enraged her greatly for some inexplicable reason. It's been less than 24 hours since they interacted for the first time on Saturday afternoon, and yet that guy remained in her memories, and she couldn't get rid of it.
But it's no wonder that she would be this angry.
It's been half a year since Shino started playing the VRMMO-RPG «GGO». However, she had never met any gamer who invaded her privacy like this. And also, she was overly shocked that he held her hand during the rest period after the first round of the preliminaries, and was so shaken up that she missed two snipes from mid-range in the second round after that.
"...D, don't look at me like this. I get angry easily."
Shino deliberately dragged the pebble far away with her toes and kicked it hard at the shrubs as she mentioned that.
"Fufu~ is that so."
Kyouji continued to stare at Shino, but he seemed to remember something as he suddenly brought his body away from the swing and said enthusiastically,
"Then... do you want to ambush him in some training arena? If you want to snipe, I'll be the bait... but it's better to take revenge from the front right? I can immediately get 2, 3 outstanding machine gunners to help. Using beam matter to stun him and then deal an MPK isn't bad either."
The shocked Shino blinked her eyes at Kyouji, who was planning all sorts of PK, and then raised her right hand to interrupt him.
"Erm, well... I don't mean that. How should I put it... though he infuriates me, his manner of battling is rather upright. I want to have a fight with him under fair circumstances. I lost yesterday... but I know how to fight him, and there's chance for revenge too."
Shino pushed the plain glasses up, and then took her handphone out from her skirt pocket to check the time.
"3 and a half hours left before the BoB finals begin. I'm going to blow a large hole on that guy in that grand event."
Shino pointed her right index finger at the sky in the west, and right where she was pointing at, a red moon could be seen rising.

Last night, on the night of December 13th, there was a preliminaries tournament for the strongest in GGO—the «3rd Bullet of Bullets».
Shino in F group managed to beat her way through, but in the end, the one who appeared in front of her, was the one who was supposed to be a beginner—even though she had a feeling that she would be meeting him, «that guy».
His name was «Kirito», a gamer who transferred all his unique data using «The Seed» platform from a VRMMO Shino didn't know of into GGO.
Shino was on her way to the capital of GGO, the «SBC Gurokken» presidential tower where she met what should be Kirito, who had just entered the game. He asked Shino where the weapons store was, and Shino, who would normally point coldly in a direction and leave, took the initiative to guide him through.
And the reason was—Kirito's avatar looked like a girl no matter how anyone looked at him.
Shino later found out that this M model in GGO was called the «9000 series», an avatar that doesn't look any different from the F model. As this model was extremely rare, the account would be extremely expensive if it were sold. Logically, Kirito's appearance would fit a «beauty» of this price. Long, beautiful straight hair, wide eyes that were seemingly radiating the light of darkness, snowy white skin and a slender body. To be honest, it was more feminine than the real F model Shino had.
Having played GGO for half a year, Shino never met any «beginner female players». Of course, she does know of a few female gamers, but they all had more experience than Shino—all old-timers. The time they would spend shooting at each other would be much longer than the conversation.
Thus, Shino saw a black-haired girl—who was really a guy—being all lost here and there, and immediately remembered her past, and was soon attracted to him and became his guide.
Both of them chose their equipment in a large store, and Shino then taught him the «bullet trajectory» unique battle system GGO has, and even told him the way to register in the presidential tower. After that, they moved to the waiting dome below the tower and into the rest area to change their street equipment into fighting equipment. Shino then took off all her equipment except for her underwear—and at that moment, Kirito told her his real name and gender.
Shino extremely ashamed, gave him a huge slap and then said,
You must get to the finals. For the lesson's end, I'll teach you the taste of being a loser with a bullet.
But to be honest, she didn't think that he would have a chance.
Kirito was a beginner who just transferred into GGO, and she did not know what this person was thinking as his main weapon wasn't a rifle or a machine gun, but a «photon sword» that's used for close range combat.
It's basically a fantasy to use a sword to beat a gun-user, Shino thought and was about to forget about Kirito—
However, Kirito unexpectedly fulfilled the promise with Shino, and in the group F's preliminaries where 64 people fought it out, he managed to win his way from round 1 through round 5 using a laser blade and a small caliber handgun as his sidearm as he stormed into the finals where Shino was waiting.
At the highway under the sunset that became the stage of the preliminaries finals, Shino witnessed Kirito's amazing fighting ability. He used the energy blade of the photon sword to block the 50 caliber bullet Shino fired from her beloved «Ultima Ratio Hecate II»—or rather, sliced it up.
Kirito rushed in aggressively between the bullet that was sliced in half, got to Shino, pointed his blade at her neck, and muttered in close distance,
"Won't you resign? I don't like cutting a girl."

"~~~~~~~~~~!"
Just recalling that alone made her feel the humiliation she suffered again. Shino then crudely put down the right hand that was pointing at the moon. She looked around for a pebble around her that she could kick, but unfortunately, they were all kicked into the grass. Thus, she could only use the sole of the sneakers to kick at the metal pole.
"...You better get ready. I'll pay back that humiliation with double the interest..."
As she was panting hard, Kyouji got up from the swing and looked bothered as he frowned at Shino's face.
"...Wh, what's wrong?"
"Erm...are you alright? Is it okay for you to do that...?"
Kyouji looked at the right hand of Shino. Unknowingly, her fist that was lightly clenched was now pointing the thumb and index fingers in the shape of a handgun.
"Ah..."
She frantically shook her hand. It's true that this action would make anyone think of a «gun», and Shino's heart would flutter every time. However, there's no such feeling this time, inexplicably.
"Y-Yeah, it's alright...maybe it was because I was angry, but it's nothing much."
"I see..."
Kyouji lowered his head and continued to look at Shino's eyes. He suddenly reached his arms out and cupped Shino's right hand. That warmth and somewhat sweaty feeling of the palms caused Shino to look down instinctively.
"Wha...what is it, Shinkawa-kun?"
"I often feel...extremely worried...Asada-san's different from usual...Yes...if, if there's anything I can help out with, I'll be willing to do it. I can only cheer for you through the screen...but, if there's anything else I can do...I..."
Shino glanced at Kyouji for an instant. That delicate face had only the eyes that were radiating emotions from within and giving off warmth and light.
"Wh...what's this normal me..."
She couldn't remember how she normally looked and muttered. Then, Kyouji's hands started to exert force, and he opened his mouth to prompt,
"Asada-san's normally so cool...always looking like nothing would faze you...you had the same treatment I had in school, but you didn't run away from school like me...you're so strong, so amazing. I've always admired Asada-san's personality...this can be considered my dream."
Overwhelmed by Kyouji's pressuring presence, Shino wanted to back away, but the swing pillar behind her wouldn't let her.
"Bu, but...I'm not strong at all. I, you know...I'll react once I see a gun..."
"But Sinon is different."
Kyouji stepped forward.
"She can use such a powerful weapon at will...and is said to be one of the strongest players in GGO. I think that's the real Asada-san. The Asada-san in the real world will definitely become up like, so you don't have to worry...seeing you waver and angry because of that, I...I really wanted to help..."
--However, Shinkawa-san.
Looking away slightly for a while, Shino muttered deep inside.
--A long time ago, I would cry and laugh like an ordinary person. I didn't become «the current me» on my own will.
It was definitely Shino's wish to become as strong as the current Sinon. However, she wanted to overcome her fear of machinery, and not that she abandoned all her feelings.
Perhaps deep inside her, she still wanted to laugh and make noise with her friends like an ordinary person, which was why she helped that person in a rare out-of-character manner the moment she saw that lost beginner girl on Glockenspiel street, and why she got angry after knowing that he was a male.
Shino was grateful that Kyouji was so concerned about her, but even so, she felt that this feeling was somewhat misplaced.
--I...I, what I want...
"Asada-san..."
A soft voice suddenly rang beside Shino's ears, causing her eyes to widen. Unknowingly, Kyouji's arms were hugging her together with the metal pole.
Even though the empty park was already surrounded in darkness, however, there were passers-by walking on the street opposite the pedestrian path with trees that were shed bare of leaves. Right now, if anyone were to see Shino or Kyouji now, they would think that they were a couple.
On thinking about this, Shino then pushed Kyouji's body back instinctively.
"..."
Kyouji looked at Shino with a hurt expression. She was shocked and hurriedly explained,
"So, sorry. I'm happy that you said that...you're the only good friend I could make here, but...I don't have that kind of feelings yet, because I can only solve my problem by fighting on..."
"...I see..."
Seeing Kyouji lower his head in a lonely manner, the girl was having a guilty feeling.
Kyouji should have known about Shino's past—that incident. Before he refused to come to school, Endou and the rest had spread this news to the entire school, but even after knowing about that, he was still willing to be friends with her. Shouldn't she express her feelings now? Of course, it's not like Shino did not have that idea. She knew that she would be extremely lonely if Kyouji left her in a sad manner.
However, a corner in her subconsciousness wouldn't let her forget about that guy, Kirito's face. He had way too much confidence and belief in his own ability. Shino hoped to fight him so that she could go all out.
Yes—right now, Shino's only wish was to break the black and hard shell that covered her heart and release herself from her fearful memories. To do that, she wanted to fight in the sunset wasteland and win.
"So...can you wait until then?"
She said in a really soft voice. Kyouji looked at Shino with eyes that had many different feelings, and after a while, smiled. He indicated 'thank you' with his lips, and Shino smiled too.

After leaving the park and saying goodbye to Kyouji, Shino hurriedly returned home and bought some mineral water and aloe vera yogurt for dinner. She would normally try to cook a healthy balanced meal for herself, but after more than 3 hours of gaming, there would be many reasons why gamers shouldn't put too much food in their stomach.
*Kasa kasa*, the girl held the bag that's letting out that sound, rushed up the stairs, stepped into her house, hurriedly put the electronic lock on, went through the kitchen, arrived at the 6mat room inside and glanced at the clock on the wall.
It would be a while before the finals of BoB start at 8 pm, but Shino wanted to log in early and spend time to examine her equipment, ammunition, and to focus her thoughts.
She quickly took off the thick denim jumper skirt and the cotton shirt underneath, hung them on the hanger, and then took off her upper underwear and threw it into a basket at a corner. She huddled her body smaller due to the cold air wavering above the floor as she changed into a more comfortable outfit consisting of a sweatshirt that doubled as a tank top, and shorts.
After adjusting the air conditioner so that the air was not too hot, and switching on the humidifier, Shino took a deep breath and sat down on the bed. She took out the PET bottle from the plastic bag, opened the cap and took a sip.
The sensor interrupt function of the AmuSphere could disrupt 99% of all the functions when diving in. However, Shino managed to learn many ways to allow for a comfortable gaming environment. Eating less before diving and going to the toilet are things that are overemphasized. Also, one has to note the temperature, humidity, and also wear clothes that didn't burden her. She once logged in during summer break after drinking lots of ice water, and felt immense stomach pain in the middle of a battle before getting interrupted by the AmuSphere that detected that something was wrong. Of course, once her stomachache was alright and when she tried to connect again, her character was already dead and respawned back onto the street.
Hardcore VRMMO gamers who had lots of money would seek complete sensory interruption and enter this place called an «isolation tank». Nowadays, the high-class internet cafés that also act as relaxation facilities would start to have this tank, and Kyouji had invited Shino over to this kind of shop a month ago.
The room was for single-person use. After bathing inside the bathroom that's available in the room, the user will be completely naked and lie inside a capsule that takes up half the space of the room. The inside of the capsule was unexpectedly spacious, a viscous liquid that was properly adjusted, 40cm deep.
On lying inside, the body will float up, and the user won't feel the pillow that's supporting the neck. Once the user wears the AmuSphere that's hanging on the inside of the capsule and closes it, the tank will be immediately surrounded by complete darkness and silence.
Actually, that floating feeling inside that space was already a rather interesting experience, but as she agreed to meet Kyouji in GGO, Shino entered the VR space.
On logging in, the information processed to the five senses from the virtual world was unusually clear. Kyouji said this was because the body senses have reached the minimum, and thus, there weren't any sounds made from the «sensor interruption leak» at all. Ignoring this application, that sort of feeling where she could even hear the enemy's soles stepping on sand showed its worth to her.
However, she felt an indescribable feeling of anxiety that couldn't be expressed in words.
Or rather, it's more like she was worried about her body once she got removed away from the real world. Once she dived into the VR world, she would be lying on the bed in the real world like a doll, and this anxiety that's brought about by this fact would be enhanced by the capsule.
Of course, as compared to the «Devil Machine» Nerve Gear, the safety measures on AmuSphere were way too much. It not only prevents the sensor interruption from working—which was why a capsule was needed—but also even the sound, light, vibration and other stimulants to activate easily as part of the safety system and bring the user back to reality.
Even so, the body that dived in was completely defenseless. In a certain sense, this would be rather similar to sleep, but Shino couldn't shake off the stinging pain on her neck when she logged in through the isolation capsule. In the end, she made a conclusion—her small little room was the safest place in the world where she could log in safely even though there would be some noise from outside.
Shino pondered as the spoon in her hand continued to her mouth. The yogurt was then eaten completely. After putting the container into the sink and washing it, she threw it into the recycling bag. She then went to the bathroom to brush her teeth, use the toilet, wash her hands and face before returning back to the room.
"—Okay!"
*Pitan*. She slapped her cheeks and laid down on the bed. Her handphone was already switched to silent mode, and the door and aluminum windows were completely locked. She finished her homework that's to be handed in on Monday during the day, and all the trivial things she should worry about in the real world should be completely dealt with.
She put on the AmuSphere and pressed the switch to turn off the lights. At this moment, the face of the player she thought of beating continued to appear on the ceiling that's gradually turning darker before disappearing.
Finally, what appeared in front of her was a swordsman of light who had glamorous black hair and fresh red lips—Kirito. His left hand was wielding the handgun, and the photon sword was in his right hand as it was kept down. He was giving a smile of contempt as he looked straight at Shino.
The will to fight was immediately lit inside Shino as this guy could be the strongest enemy she could find in the vast killing wilderness. He could help Shino break that power of the past, and in a certain sense—he was her last hope.
I will fight him with all I've got, and I'll win.
Taking a deep breath and exhaling, Shino closed her eyes and got ready to utter the keyword that would shift her soul. The next moment, the room clearly resounded with her rather strong-willed voice.
"LINK START!!"

The horizontal gravity the body felt suddenly disappeared, and a somewhat light floating sense replaced it.
Next, the sky and ground seemed to rotate about 90 degrees. Sinon's toes touched the hard floor like a soft slide, and only opened her eyes once the senses of the fake body was completely aligned.
First, what appeared in front of her eyes was a large neon red hologram that was flying as it dragged its tail through the night sky that had no stars. The red words 'Bullet of Bullets 3' were flashing on the tower.
Sinon appeared at the middle of the north end of Glockenspiel street, the plaza in front of the presidential complex. Normally, this would be a place that rarely had people around, but today, this place is full of numerous players, and each of them were holding food and drinks and partying about. Actually, this was to be expected. Now, the betting pool for the upcoming BoB finals began, and more than half the money that existed in GGO was gathered in this plaza.
The payout rate was shown on the hologram in the air, and the bookmakers who were dressed in a rather splendid manner—what's scary was that they weren't players, but «official bookmaker NPC» that were created by the operating company—and information brokers who were selling suspicious information were swarming about. Sinon suddenly remembered about something and went near a bookmaker NPC, and then looked up at the window, only to find that her odds payout were rather high. This should be because of how she lost yesterday. Thinking about this, she looked for Kirito's name, only to find that he was one of those who had a high payout as well.
Fu, Sinon snorted and thought of wanting to bet her entire fortune on herself. But after thinking about how this would wear off her main objective, the girl turned to leave the crowd. As her appearance was known by all, and as a regular in the BoB finals, there were many looks from all over as they watched her leave. However, nobody had the courage to approach her for everyone knew that Sinon was «a wildcat-type girl who'll take action mercilessly once she finds someone to be an enemy».
She wanted to enter the dome waiting area to gather her concentration, and thus moved towards the presidential tower. After walking for a while, someone suddenly called her by her name from behind.
"Sinon!"
There was only one player in the world of GGO who would call her that way. The moment she turned around, she saw Shinkawa Kyouji, who she left several minutes ago in the real world, controlling his avatar «Spiegel» as he waved his hand at her and ran over. A tall and skinny M model avatar that had city clothes on seemed to be slightly red from excitement.
"Sinon, why were you so slow? I was worried about you—what's wrong?"
Spiegel felt weird after seeing that Sinon had a smile on her face.
"It's nothing. It's just that I found it amazing that I could immediately meet someone in a game after having just met that person in real life."
"...I'd say, I'm not so cool looking in the real world as I am in the virtual world. What about you? What are your chances of winning? Do you have some tactics?"
"If I have to put my chances of winning...I can only say that I'll do my best. Basically, it'll be to search out the enemy continuously, snipe and move."
"That's true, that's true. But...I believe that Sinon will definitely win."
"Yeah, thanks. What do you intend to do next?"
"Well...I can only watch the live feed in a certain hotel..."
"Okay, once it's over, I'll meet you at the hotel. Are we going to celebrate for me, or are you going to drink some wine with me to sober up?"
Sinon again smiled as she said this, and Spiegel again looked down before looking up again. He suddenly grabbed Sinon's right arm and dragged her into a corner of the plaza. Spiegel didn't even care whether any other players could see them as he quickly spun his head around to look at the rather nervous looking Sinon, who could only blink her eyes.
"Sinon...no, Asada-san."
Spiegel should have realized how rude it is to call others by their real names in VRMMO, so this really shocked Sinon.
"Wha...what...?"
"Can I trust your words just now?"
"My words just now..."
"You said that you want me to wait, right...? Asada-san, you said that after you determined your own ability, you and me..."
"Why-Why are you saying that all of a sudden!?"
Feeling her cheeks burning up, Sinon hid her face inside the muffler, but Spiegel stepped forward and again grabbed Sinon's right hand.
"I...I, I really like Asada-san..."
"Sorry, can you please not mention this now?"
After saying that in a slightly stern mode, Sinon shook her head.
"I have to concentrate on this tournament now...I have to fight with all I've got to have a chance of winning..."
"...I see, you're right..."
Spiegel let his hand go.
"But I-I'll trust you. I'll believe, and wait for you."
"Y-Yeah. ...then, I-I think it's time to get ready...got to go."
Sinon would probably enter the tournament with a wavering heart if she continued to talk with Spiegel, and so she backed away.
"Do your best. I'll cheer for you."
She nodded her head at Spiegel, whose voice was full of enthusiasm, and gave a stiff smile before leaving. During the time she exited the dark corner of the building and quickly headed towards the entrance of the presidential estate, Sinon felt those stares that seemed to burn her back.
After passing through the glass entrance and arriving at the inside of the building that had very few people, the girl finally relaxed her shoulders.
Thinking whether her attitude made him misunderstand, she leaned on the stone pillar.
Kyouji's affections for her were expressed blatantly, but to be honest, it's already tough for her to handle her own problems.
Sinon couldn't remember how her deceased father looked at all. To her, the male face she had the biggest impression on was the criminal who robbed the post office that day. Once trouble happened, her phobia would work up, and that person's face would appear in her head. That seemingly endless depth in the heinous expression seemed to be hiding in the darkness around Sinon, looking at her.
As for getting a boyfriend like the other girls, chit-chatting on the phone, going out on weekends, these things weren't things that she never thought of before. However, if she went out with Kyouji like this, one day, she may see «those eyes» in him. This was what she was most afraid of.
If the trigger to her phobia wasn't just «gun», but that she'll feel scared on seeing a «man»—it'll be extremely tough for her to continue surviving.
She could only fight. That's all she could do right now.
*Gash!* Sinon forcefully stamped her soles at the floor and headed towards the elevator that's deep within the atrium.
However, someone again called her from behind. This voice that called her name was clear and somewhat hoarse, different from the deep voice of Spiegel. Sinon could only close her eyes on hearing this voice call her.
As she turned around with an irritated feeling, the one who was standing in front of her was obvious— «that guy» she so hated.

Chapter 9
The place I landed at was at the most northern area of GGO’s capital, «SBC Gurroken», on the corner near the presidential tower.
Under the depressing sunset sky, the bustling neon lights continued to move through the crowds. The contents above seemed to be corporate advertisements. If this was ALO, the players would be complaining loudly about how this would ‘destroy the world view’, but the depressing scenery does match the theme of a futuristic wasteland city. And of course, the most glaring one of these neon lights was the advertising of the upcoming 3rd «Bullet of Bullets» tournament. My body started to tremble the moment I saw those bright red words. Of course, this wasn’t out of fear, but out of excitement—or at least I would hope to believe.
I heaved a sigh and turned around, and subconsciously flung the black hair on my shoulders. As my hair came to rest back on my shoulders, I found myself sighing at my actions, but still managed to convince myself that in the end, this is the proof that I’m already used to my own avatar.
I intended to complete my registration at the tournament and then move slightly far away from the presidential estate, but there were a few stares aimed at me from both sides of the road. This felt somehow unbearable. I wanted to glare back at them, but decided against it in the end.
Actually, they weren’t really noticing me. It was just that my avatar here looked just like a girl—a pretty girl at that too. If our positions were switched too, even I would be looking.
Normally, there wouldn’t just be stares, but also two or three players coming over to talk me up. However, the guys will immediately keep their distance once they saw me approach. I guess the reason was because everyone saw me fighting like a berserker with the photon sword and charging at the enemies yesterday during the preliminaries of BoB.
The tournament only revealed the names and number of times participated in the tournament from the data of the participant, and «Kirito» was a gender-neutral name. That’s likely why everyone in GGO felt that I was «a girl who is also a psycho; a savage killer that deliberately chooses to swing a saber, instead of a gun».
I didn’t really wish to be viewed as such a person, but that misunderstanding was worth it if I could let the other players in the BoB finals hesitate. Besides, my aim wasn’t to win, but to meet that guy with the broken mantle—«Death Gun».
The «Death Gun»’s name wasn’t amongst the 30 finalists, but he was definitely participating in the finals. If his aim was to show off his power in the world of GGO, the BoB in the game would be the best stage for all to see. Death Gun’s real name—even though it’s weird, should be the name of the other character in the system.
First, I have to find his name, and then talk to him again in the tournament. Once I find out the name he used in SAO, I can use that information to find out his name in the real world. Kikuoka Seijirou said that he should be able to access the player account data that had become classified. Once we get to know that person’s real name, we should be able to find out whether he really killed «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako», no, if he could really kill.
However, during this process, I need to go through my own past crime.
That fear still hasn’t disappeared.
But this is a necessary emotion to prevent myself from choosing a path to run away, to forget.
I clenched both fists, stomped hard on the ground with the soles of my battle boots, and headed towards the large tower of the presidential estate that was gradually appearing in front of me.
As for a tournament against others, I would get excited during ALO, and even during SAO.
Unexpectedly though, I would have to take part in this tournament with fear.
As I showed a self-depreciating smile, I headed up the wide stairs that lead to the tower, and found that there was a familiar sand-colored muffler swaying about at the entrance hall in front of me.
Without even looking at her clear blue short hair and the long legs that extended out from under the jacket, I knew that it was the avatar of my final opponent in the preliminaries yesterday –the sniper «Sinon». She was the only person I knew of in GGO, but I was still hesitating over whether I should head forward to greet her.
As I was immediately lost the moment I dived into this world yesterday, I had to brace myself and ask Sinon, who I just met, and at that time, I didn’t realize immediately that she mistook me as a female player because of my appearance and somehow ended up acting as «a beginner girl who didn’t know what to do at all». Other than asking her to explain the game mechanics and helping me to choose my equipment, I even went overboard by witnessing her avatar wearing only her underwear in the rest area.
No—That wasn’t all.
During the tournament, I suddenly met the shooter «Death Gun» and was approached by him. I learnt that he was «a survivor of SAO» and also a member of the red guild «Laughing Coffin», which really shocked me. Thus, in the finals against Sinon after that, I nearly gave up on it. Basically, I was walking weakly during the start of the battle, trying to get Sinon to shoot the fatal round at me so that I could lose the battle.
However, Sinon didn’t hit me.
She shot 6 rounds that were burning in blueish-white flames due to anger, then gave up her advantage, and met me straight on and shouted.
She said, stop joking around, I should die alone if I wanted to, and even said that it’s my right to think that this was just a match in a game, but I should not force my values on others—
To be honest, these words hurt me deeply.
Actually, I said something similar to someone else a long time ago.
It was four years ago. At that time, I was just promoted to second year of middle school, and was very lucky, or rather, unlucky to be chosen as a player of the «Sword Art Online Closed Beta», and everyday, I would dive into what I didn’t know was a death game, the floating game city Aincrad until the next morning.
It was really a little embarrassing for me to say that, but the «Kirito» that later became a legendary warrior wouldn’t really interact with people back then as compared to now even though I used to be a little famous for being amongst the top in PvP events, so I didn’t have any people I could call friends in games. However, amongst the people I knew, there were still a few players who I thought that I could become friends with. One of them was a mild-mannered, tea-haired swordsman I would often meet in a duel event. He was skilled in using a one-handed sword.
This person would often fight with great logic and sharp senses, and I’ve always hoped to meet him in the finals of the tournament. I had been secretly wishing to fight him in the finals, but when that stage finally arrived—I received a great shock. At the last moment of this intense battle, he deliberately took the slash that he should be able to avoid. I guessed that he deliberately lost to earn some quick cash from gambling, and basically blasted him with those words Sinon said to me.
I was scolded like how I scolded him during the final stage of the BoB tournament, so I sincerely apologized to Sinon. Even though we faced off against each other head on, it should be hard for Sinon to accept it. No matter what, she’s a sniper, and her greatest weapon is to shoot those long distance sure-kill bullets. During the battle royale tournament today, I suppose she would be trying her best to shoot that bullet of revenge right between my forehead.
Because of the above mentioned reasons—or rather, because I caused all of them, I was hesitating over whether I should say hello to Sinon, who was a few steps in front of me.
But after a few seconds, I shook off my hesitation and took huge steps up the stairs before calling her by her name.
“Yo, Sinon, please guide me through today too.”
That muffler of hers that looked like a tail stopped, and the aqua blue hair looked cat like the way it pointed upwards. The sniper girl who spun around with the right foot as her axis gave an irritated expression that showed that she hated me to the bone, and then coldly snorted.
“…Please guide me through. What do you mean by that?
The anger in her blue eyes made me immediately regret it, but I didn’t call her just for naught. It’ll be bad if I said something wrong and made her ignore me. Thus, I said with a rather serious expression,
“Of course…I hope we can both fight with all we got.”
“Stop being disgusting.”
--Looks like I made a mistake right off the bat. However, I didn’t give up as I continued,
“Speaking of which, why did you dive in so early? There’s still 3 hours before the tournament.”
“Wasn’t that because a certain someone caused me to nearly miss the registration yesterday.”
Sinon looked away and grumbled before glancing at me, who’s giving off cold sweat.
“…Speaking of which, aren’t you logged in now too? Why are you talking like I’m the one who had nothing to do.”
“The-Then, let’s use this time effectively! How about we get a drink before the battle begins…no, exchange information…”
I really won’t dare to say this to a real person in the real world. No, considering that I already have a girlfriend in Asuna, it’s unforgivable even in the virtual world. However, I dare to swear to god that this isn’t about trying to get a date in the VR world, but to fulfill my duty and mission, and also a necessary step to ensure Sinon’s own safety.
--In the end, Sinon seemed like she didn’t notice my complicated entanglement as she glared at me for a few seconds before snorting and nodding her head with the minimum action.
“Alright then, I’ll be the one telling you all the information again.”
“I-I, well…it’s not that I didn’t have this intention…”
I managed to mumble vaguely and had to run to keep up with Sinon, who was walking away in front of me.

After completing our registration at the hall of the presidential estate through the machine there, Sinon brought me over to a large spacious underground area. As the lights were dimmed to a minimum all around, I could barely see the faces of the players that were gathered at different tables. The few large-screen panel monitors on the ceiling were dazzling with their original colors.
Sinon went into a booth that was far inside and then looked at the menu displayed on a simple metallic board. She then pressed a small button beside the iced coffee label. Soon, the similarly metallic table opened up a hole, and a glass that was filled with black liquid appeared from within. Compared to having to order our food with the NPC and waiting for them to serve it up in Aincrad, this method is somewhat simple, but it also does fit the game atmosphere of GGO.
I pressed the button for ginger ale and grabbed the glass that appeared before gulping down half. While waiting for the imaginary bubbles to disappear from my throat, I decided to start off.
“…The battle royale finals is to put 30 players in the same map, and to begin a gunfight once we meet the opponent, and the winner will be the guy that lasts till the end…am I right?”
In the end, Sinon glared at me through the coffee glass, and said,
“See, you’re intending to let me explain, right? Speaking of which, this information is written on the e-mail the operating company sent to the participants.”
“I-I did look through it…”
Actually, I did look through it briefly. I intended to read the specifics after logging into the game, but before that, I met Sinon who was a veteran, so I guess it’ll be faster for her to teach me directly…I wouldn’t dare to say that, so I merely coughed dryly to continue on.
“Well…I just want to check if there’s anything wrong with my understanding…”
“You actually dared to say that.”
That extremely cold voice of hers caused my heart to freeze in half. Luckily, Sinon placed the glass back at the table and quickly started to explain the rules of this round.
“…Basically, it’s like what you just said, the final round is really held with all 30 players fighting each other on the same map. The starting positions are randomized, but every player will be at least 1,000m away from each other, so there won’t be cases of the enemy appearing right in front of you all of a sudden.”
“1... 1,000 meters? That means that map is rather big…?”
I couldn’t help but interrupt, and the blue laser-like eyes shot back at me.
“Did you really look through the e-mail? This was written in the first paragraph.. The map of the final round is a circle with a 10km diameter. It has hills, forests and deserts, so nobody will have superior equipment or abilities.”
“10-10km!? That’s rather big…”
It’s about the size of the first level of the floating city Aincrad. However, that means that in this area that’s large enough for 10,000 people to hunt, there are only going to be 30 people that will be separated from each other by 1,000m.
“…But, can we really meet our enemies like this? There’s a possibility we can’t even see anyone until the tournament time’s up…”
“This is a game where we fight each other using guns, so there’s a need for such a wide map. Sniper rifles have 1km shooting range, and assault rifles have about 500m. If all 30 people are all packed in a small map, everyone would be shooting madly, bang bang, when it starts, and more than half the participants would be dead already.”
“Hahaa, I see…”
I nod my head in agreement, and Sinon continued with her detailed explanation. Maybe behind this sharp and cold avatar is a kind and gentle girl—if she finds out that this is what I thought, she’ll definitely walk away without finishing off, so I still continued to listen to her explanation.
“—Well, just as you said, you can’t fight if you can’t meet an enemy. Some people will also use this to hide until the last person remains. Therefore, the participants are automatically given a device called a «Satellite Scan Terminal».”
“Satellite…is it some spy satellite or something?”
“That’s right. Every 15 minutes, the satellite in the air will be set to scan through. At this moment, everyone’s terminal will receive the location of all the players. And the name of the players will be indicated if you touch the flashes on the map.”
“Fmu…so, there’s only 15 minutes to hide at one spot? So we’re likely to be ambushed once our locations are shown on the map, right?”
“That’s the case.”
I smiled and asked Sinon, who’s nodding away.
“But isn’t this rule bad for snipers? Aren’t you suppose to hide and cover like a taro and snipe at the enemy?”
“Describing me as a taro is too much.”
Sinon glared at me with those explosive blue sparkling eyes, and then coldly snorted and gave a proud smile.
“15 minutes is enough for me to fire one bullet, kill one person, and move 1km.”
“Is…is that so..?”
I don’t think that would be an exaggeration. If I try to ambush Sinon through the satellite information, it’s likely that she will snipe me from afar instead. I remembered this dearly in my heart, coughed dryly for a bit, and then sorted through the information I received.
“Eh—this means that I have to continue to move and take down the enemies once the round begins, and then hang on until I’m the last one…something like that. And every 15 minutes, the map terminal on my hand will show the locations of all the players, so I can tell then who’s alive and who’s not—well, is my understanding correct?”
“That’s basically it.”
Sinon nodded her head in affirmation and finished up her iced coffee before forcefully putting the glass onto the table and got ready to get up.
“Then, there’s nothing else, right? I’ll fire the trigger without any mercy the next time I meet you…”
“Waa, hold on hold on, I’m just getting into the main point.”
That really sounded like a line from a certain civil servant, I secretly thought as I hurriedly reached out to tug at the corner of Sinon’s jacket.
“…What else do you want?”
Even though she showed an extremely irritated expression as she deliberately looked at the military watch on her left wrist, I continued to nod my head without looking dejected, and Sinon sighed hard before sitting down again. She placed both elbows on the table, and then pressed her small chin against the fingers that were intertwined together, telling me to continue with the movements of her eyebrows.
“Erm, well, I’m…I’m thinking about asking something that’s a little weird…”
I stuttered as I finished and quickly waved my left hand to call out the menu window.
VRMMO that were in the specifications of «The Seed» have an almost similar menu window, so I changed it into a mode where others could see it and quickly scrolled the tab down.
I showed the page with the names of the 30 players the operating company sent to the participants of the BoB finals. Of course, we could see the names of the finals of group F, first place ‘Kirito’ and second place ‘Sinon’.
After glancing at the screen I showed her for a moment, an angry twitch appeared on Sinon’s nose as she frowned like a cat—no, like a jaguar.
“…What, are you gloating your victory over me in the finals yesterday?”
On hearing that spiteful low growl of hers, I hurriedly gasped and shook my head with a serious expression.
“That’s not it, I didn’t mean that.”
Perhaps she noticed my change in attitude? Sinon frowned her beautiful eyebrows and said,
“…Then what do you want from me? Showing this participant list all of a sudden.”
“Among the 30 people on the name list, how many do you not know?”
“Haa…?”
I ignored Sinon, who was giving an extremely surprised look as I moved my fingers down the name list that’s not really long.
“Please tell me. This is very important to me.”
“…Well, it’s not like I can’t tell you…”
Though she still had a bit of suspicion, Sinon still continued to look at the purple holographic window on the table, and her blue eyes quickly scanned through from left to right.
“Erm…it’s already the 3rd BoB, so I know pretty much all the people there. Those first-timers in the finals…other than a certain infuriating light saber user, there are 3 other people I don’t know.”
“3 of them? Their names?”
“Nn…«Jyuushi X» and «Pale Rider», and…this «Sterben» guy, right?”
Sinon stiffly read a few names, and I read through the names on the window to check personally. Except for the «Jyuushi X», the other names were written in the English alphabet. I closed my eyes and repeated these three names a few times.
At this moment, Sinon looked half-shocked and half anxious as she said to me.
“Oi, what’s going on? You’ve been asking the questions up till now, and yet you haven’t explained anything to me.”
“Ahh… yeah…”
I used an ambiguous reply to buy time as my mind continued to think.
The 3 names Sinon told me—
One of them should be the reason why I came to this world. He’s related to the two mysterious deaths, and also a survivor of SAO who’s affiliated to the red guild «Laughing Coffin»—the character commonly known as «Death Gun».
The reason why I deduced this was because up till now, Death Gun kept his real name rather privy. If possible, he would really want to use «Death Gun» as a character name, but in that case, he’ll get lots of spam e-mail, and will even cause lots of trouble. Also, if the real character becomes overly famous, the rumor of the «Death Gun» he would have painstakingly built up will disappear. Thus, he has to hide his real name up till now, and Sinon definitely won’t know of this person’s existence.
Now, the problem will be, which one of them is the real «Death Gun»…
Just when I was pondering, a white slender hand entered my vision. That hand was prodding at the surface of the table with the thumb.
Looking up, I saw Sinon narrow her eyes as she glared me me.
“…I’m really going to be angry. What the heck are you doing? Is this some strategy to make me angry and get me to make a mistake in the finals?”
“No…that’s not it, I didn’t mean that…”
On feeling that sharp high-temperature flame-like stare, I bit my lips tightly.
I really couldn’t decide immediately whether I should explain the truth to her. I believe the rumor that ‘There’s a player in GGO who calls himself «Death Gun» and has been shooting on streets and in bars, and the players who were shot by him never logged in again’ would be rather widespread, but there’s still no player who would believe that they were killed. Of course, Sinon in front of me should be the same too.
To be honest, I didn’t really believe this completely. For a player to fire bullets in a game to kill someone in real life—is completely impossible no matter what reasoning Kikuoka and I used when we discussed this a few days ago.
But right now, I can’t even laugh at Death Gun’s ability. If that guy was really an important member of the old «Laughing Coffin», he’ll definitely be one of the killer players who were enthusiastically taking away the lives of many players in Aincrad. Maybe he developed a certain way of killing that far surpassed Kikuoka and my own imaginations during that terrifying experience. This possibility still exists.
If I tell all I know to Sinon and also that the power of the Death Gun may be real—you may die, you shouldn’t take part in the tournament this time, will she listen to me? No, absolutely not. That image of Sinon as she showed me the side of her desperate face because she nearly missed the registration after shopping with me. This girl should have some important reason why she has to take part in the BoB tournament…
The blue eyes that were glaring at this silent me—suddenly softened.
Her light-colored lips said without moving too much,
“…Don’t tell me that the reason why your face suddenly became weird during the preliminaries yesterday was also because of that?”
“Eh…”
Sinon and I exchanged looks, and for a moment, we couldn’t say anything.
However, I forgot all my reasoning and thoughts as I nodded away like I was prompted to. A teeny-weeny voice came from my own mouth,
“…Ahhh…that’s right. Yesterday, I was suddenly called by someone who used to play a similar VRMMO in the underground dome…I thought that he would be taking part in the battle today. I’m afraid that one of the three people was him…”
“Were you friends?”
I shook my head hard on hearing Sinon’s question, messing my hair up in the process.
“No, quite the opposite…we’re enemies. Me, and him, we seriously tried to kill each other before. But…I can’t remember that guy’s name back then. I have to recall it. I want to meet this player in the finals… find out why he is here, and what he is doing…”
After explaining till here, I realized that my words may have confused Sinon. In a normal VRMMO game, even players in opposing guilds are technically still rivals playing the same game. It’ll be too much of an exaggeration to use the title «enemy».
However—
The sniper with the aqua blue hair didn’t laugh at my words, but widened her small eyes, and then muttered with a weak voice that the system could barely identify.
“…You tried to kill each other…enemies…”
And then, she used the same soft volume to raise another question that’s enough to pierce through my consciousness.
“…Is it because your play styles didn’t match, or your relationship between each other worsened when you were in a party because of some trouble? Or…”
On hearing till this, I shook my head in reflex.
“No, we were really betting our lives and trying to kill each other. That guy…that guy’s guild did something unforgivable, and both sides couldn’t come to a peaceful resolution. We had no choice but to settle this with swords. I wasn’t regretful about doing this, but…”
I know this will only bother Sinon, but my mouth just couldn’t stop. I grip the hands that were placed on the table, trying to look deep into those blue eyes, and try to force out my voice from the dry throat.
“…But, I-I just continued to run away from the responsibility I should have taken, and never had I thought about the meaning behind this action. Until today, I was forcing myself to forget…but now, I can’t continue to escape. I have to solve this problem head on.”
These words seemed to be said right back at myself. Of course, Sinon shouldn’t be able to understand at all. The moment I shut my mouth, Sinon looked down as well. The thought that she got a weirdo here deep inside her heart should be even greater now, I think.
“…Sorry for such ridiculous words. Just pretend that you never heard them. Anyway, it’s just my past grudge…”
I deliberately forced a smile and prepared to simplify things.
But Sinon muttered to interrupt my words.
“—‘If your bullet can really kill a player in the real world, can you squeeze the trigger without hesitation’.”
“…!”
I quickly gasped.
This was the question I asked from deep inside me to Sinon during the tournament preliminaries finals yesterday. Actually, I still don’t understand why I asked this, but at that moment, I did ask back instantly, as fast as a spark, on hearing Sinon ask ‘how do I get to be as strong as you’.
An attack in the virtual game world killed a player in the real world. From the way nobody believed in the rumor of the «Death Gun», it’s likely that this is impossible in theory. However, this rule occurred in the world that doesn’t exist now.
At this moment, I could only remain silent, and Sinon stared at my eyes with a sharp gaze—and opened her small lips to say,
“You are…Kirito, perhaps you’re, from that game…”
This seemingly voiceless question immediately vanished as it melted in the dry air of the bar. The wavering blue eyes looked down before shaking silently.
“…Sorry, I shouldn’t be asking about this.”
“…No, it’s alright.”
I could only answer this with regards to this unexpected apology, and we continued to look at each other under this tense silence.
I don’t intend to tell Sinon that I was an ex «Sword Art Online» player, a «survivor of SAO». But if I don’t say so, she will never be able to understand my explanation just now.
This Sinon should be able to understand the meaning of the word «enemy» I used, and she would be able to understand the detailed meaning of «killing each other».
I just waited silently for the girl to show that disgust and annoyance in her eyes.
However—
Sinon didn’t look away, and she didn’t leave her seat. She leaned forward and stared at me. The sapphire eyes of hers, for some reason, seem to be giving some sort of…maybe a glint, a plea for help, or maybe that’s just my imagination.
The next moment, Sinon closed her eyes tightly, and then bit her lips tight.
I didn’t even have the time to be shocked as the tense atmosphere between us disappeared. After exhaling deeply, the sniper girl gave an obscure smile and whispered to me softly,
“…Well, it’s about time to head back to the waiting dome, or else we won’t have time to check our equipment and warm-up.”
“Ah…ahh, that’s right.”
I nodded my head, and Sinon stood up. I looked at the simple digital watch on my left wrist, and found that the time was soon going to be 7pm. There’s still an hour before the finals tournament start.
As we arrived at the simple elevator at the corner of the huge bar, Sinon pressed the down button, the metal gate let out a creaking sound as it slides aside, and the elevator appeared. The moment we entered, I was the one who pressed the bottom most button.
In this cramped space that’s had an imaginary descending feeling and the sound of machinery, a soft voice rang.
“I know you have your own difficulties.”
Behind me, Sinon seemed to walk towards me, and there was something pointing at the center of my back. That’s not a muzzle—but a fingertip. She said with a slightly forceful tone.


“However, your promise with me is another thing altogether. I’ll definitely return that humiliation during the final battle yesterday with interest, so you must not let someone other than me shoot you down.”
“…I understand.”
I nodded my head slightly.
The biggest aim I had when I dived into GGO was to interact with «Death Gun» and solve the mystery behind the murder, but this incident now isn’t just about Kikuoka Seijirou’s request, but also related to me. Thinking through it calmly, I should avoid this duel with the scary sniper Sinon and achieve my aim.
But I met Sinon in this world, talked to her, and built a new relationship in this battle. I really can’t ignore or belittle her actions. That’s because, even in another virtual world, even if the thing attached on my waist is a light saber without a physical blade, «Kirito» is still a swordsman.
“…I’ll survive until the time I fight you.”
The moment I said this, the finger behind my back left my body, and a soft voice rang again.
“Thanks.”
Before I could even ask why she said thanks, the elevator came to a sudden halt. After the door opened, what immediately came in from the front of the slightly dark elevator were the smell of iron and smoke—the smell of battle came over at me and engulfed me.

Chapter 10
Sinon sighed for a long while, and spent the same amount of time trying to exhale the icy air out from her virtual lungs.
She slowly tried to adjust her breathing with her heartbeat, and the green reticle[2] of hers started to expand and shrink.
She looked right in the middle of the screen. A player was moving through the bushes. He was holding a mini «Yatei» assault rifle, and though other support weapons couldn’t be seen, there were all sorts of abnormal lumps on him. Perhaps he lightened his rifle to the bare minimum, and used hi-tech optical shielding and multi-layered armor against live rounds to fill up the capacity. Also, he was wearing a helmet with a face shield, and looked just like a giant boar. His name was «Shishigane», and the stats showed that he was a defensive player who focused on VIT. Although he took part in the last finals, Sinon didn’t face him directly.
With a distance of more than 1,200m, even the anti-tank sniper rifle «Ultima Ratio Hecate II» can’t give a fatal shot through that thick armor. Of course, it’ll be different if she could hit twice consecutively, but the enemy is no slouch. Once he’s hit, he would definitely hide in the shadows and not show up again. Until then, if she waits for him to show up at that position, the other players who heard the first shot would definitely gather over, and it’ll be a wave of machine gun fire swarming around her like a beehive.
As Sinon was laying prone between the large rock and the shrubs, the trigger in her finger was silently muttering,
“…Come over here.”
Once the distance between the target and her were within 800m, she believed that she could break through the thinner part of the armor, the face, and deal a larger amount of damage to eliminate this player from the stage.
However, Sinon’s wishes didn’t come true as the guy turned away and moved further away from her. He was careful enough to put heavy armor on his back too, and it could be said to be that there were no openings about him. It was a pity, but it seemed that the best choice she had would be to give up on this prey and wait for the next enemy. Just when Sinon was about to move her right eye away from the scope, she found that there was a round thing on the guy’s right waist.
It was a large plasma grenade, two of them. Perhaps he was using it as another means of protection as he didn’t have any support weapons. However, in this game, those «cheap and effective tools» would normally have some elements of danger to them. Sinon made herself tense and narrowed her eye that was on the scope.
She moved the scope down from the guy’s back to the bottom right area, and finally aimed the crosshair at the shaking metal ball.
Inhale, exhale. She inhaled—and stopped.
As the screen of success removed all random thoughts, her body and the hand on the sniper rifle would fuse into one for a moment, and pinpoint into a fine circle. The girl naturally squeezed the trigger.
Then, there was an impact rushing through her body. Her eyes were immediately dyed white because of the sparks released by the muzzle. However, Sinon’s vision immediately recovered as she looked through the scope, and through the vision that retained its color, she could see a grenade on the right waist of the man go ‘bam’, and she turned her face away from the gun.
“Bingo.”
As she muttered, a blue explosion occured in the middle of the hill far away, and all the neighboring trees collapsed. A few seconds later, the sound of a thunderclap came over, and she didn’t need to check to know that the guy’s HP was reduced to zero.
At this moment, Sinon stood up, straightened her legs and carried her Hecate. As the gunshot and the muzzle spark revealed her position, the next few minutes after a snipe would be the most dangerous moment for a sniper. She quickly scanned around and then decided on the route she would take.
This path had shrubs all around, so she wouldn’t be discovered easily. Also, the nearby enemies should be attracted to the large explosion of the boar guy. However, despite knowing this, Sinon didn’t stop as she continued to run for more than a minute before kneeling at the base of a large dead tree and heaving a sigh. As she looked up, through the gaps between the thick layers of clouds, she could see the bloody red sun that was setting in the west.
It’s been about 30 minutes since the Bullet of Bullets tournament finals started.
That boar guy just now was the second one Sinon sniped and eliminated, but the participants can’t tell how many survivors were there until the satellite did its per-15-minute scan. The girl took out the thin «Satellite Scanner», activated it to show the map of the entire area and silently waited for the intel to refresh itself.
The time on the left of the screen indicated that the time in the real world was 8:30pm, and the highly detailed map showed numerous blinking lights. There were 21 of them, and in other words, 9 people had been eliminated. Sinon continued to stare at the screen as she tried to check the current scenario.
The place that became the stage of this tournament was a 10km wide isolated circular island. The north of the island was a desert, and the south was all forests and hills. Also, there was an abandoned town located in the middle of the island. Right now, Sinon was located at the southern-most hills. Moving on slightly north, there was a river flowing through, separating the hills from the forests.
Right now, there were 3 spots of lights within a 1km radius. Sinon used her fingertip to tap the names on the lights. The nearest was «Dyne», who was moving northeast 600m away. Slightly further east was «Pale Rider» who was chasing «Dyne». And finally, the last point of light which was 800m from there in the rocky hills, remaining completely still was «Lion King Richie».
Richie is equipped with the hi-firepower heavy machine gun «Vickers». Perhaps he wanted to occupy the highest point in this area and sweep any players that got near him. He used the same strategy during the last tournament, and had to withdraw as he ran out of bullets. However, he should have a counter strategy now. Either way, she could leave this enemy that wasn’t moving alone.
The problem was the light points of «Dyne», who seemed to be running for his life, and «Pale Rider», who was chasing after him. Dyne wasn’t just the leader of the squadron Sinon belonged to, but also a veteran who made it into the finals of the BoB 3 times. He had an assault rifle «SG550» with him, and specialized in mid-ranged combat. This person wasn’t really worth respecting in terms of character, but he wasn’t an enemy that should be underestimated.
And as for the Pale Rider, who chased Dyne, was one not to be taken lightly. To be honest, Sinon never met him before, and of course, never fought against him. Was he really that strong? Was it that the weapon suited the landscape? Just when Sinon felt suspicious, the satellite in the sky seemed to be gone, and all the lights that were on the map were flickering. The Intel would disappear in about another 10 seconds.
Sinon raised her hand in reflex, ready to count the 18 dots that were far away. But just when her index finger was about to touch the screen, that hand clenched into a fist. That's because she noticed that she was looking for a certain special name.
“…Why should I even bother, with a guy like that.”
Sinon muttered softly. There was no need for her to worry about that kind of guy—whether that despicable light saber user «Kirito» was alive or not. Right now, she should focus on the prey that was entering the Hecate’s range. If Kirito entered the range, she should just aim, fire and end his life immediately without any feelings.
The flickering lights finally disappeared silently. Sinon placed the terminal back into her pouch and again ran through the forest.
Below her was a gradual hill, and opposite it was a lush forest. Right now, Dyne and Pale Rider were in a deep part of the forest, moving from Sinon’s right to her left. Both of them should be aiming for the river that splits the area in half and the bridge that spreads across the river. The cautious Dyne must be trying to avoid a high risk forest battle and chose to fight on a bridge where the range of vision was great to take on the pursuing Pale Rider.
Sinon was closer to the bridge than them. If she ran off now, she should be able to reach a sniping position first. She wanted to watch their battle from there and snipe the victor once his guard was down.
Readying the Hecate on her right shoulder, Sinon lowered her body and ran through the forest again.
The girl managed to pass through the red tea-colored hilly region safely, and a deep red band of reflected light swooped into Sinon's vision, as she swooped under the final bush there.
It was a river. Flowing out from the southern hills, it grandly snaked its way through the middle of the entire map as it headed towards the north before disappearing into her clouded view of the distant ruins of that abandoned city, far away.
On the opposite side of the river was a forest that had lots of old trees, and slightly below the trees, she could see a meandering rocky path. The path reached the river 200m north of where Sinon was sneaking, and linked to a simple metal bridge. At this moment, those two players should be running down the path—
Her intuition seemed to be correct since, a figure came running out from the shadows of the large old trees that were growing on the way between the path and the metal bridge. Sinon hurriedly readied the Hecate on the floor and brought her eyes over before she even lined her eyes on the rip-up cover of the scope.
That body was wearing a woodland patterned clothing, and his chin could be seen from below his helmet. Also, the SIG assault rifle confirmed that this was Dyne. He ran smoothly down the path like a veteran, and after leaving the forest for a few seconds. He quickly ran 50m down the metal bridge, over to the side where Sinon was hiding and immediately got down on the floor, proning.
“…I see.”
Sinon muttered with some respect. In this situation, he could attack the enemy who wanted to run across the metal bridge. However, he was still too careless. To an enemy who may be hiding on the riverside, he showed his back in a completely defenseless manner.
“You have to watch your back no matter when it is, Dyne.”
Sinon muttered as the crosshairs lined itself and caught that somewhat rough-looking face. Now she could take direct action without even waiting for Dyne and Pale Rider to fight. Though Pale Rider would notice Sinon’s existence, he had to cross the bridge if he wanted to force his way. Sinon was only 200m away from the metal bridge, and even if the enemy ran with all he got, she had the confidence that it’ll be a sure-kill hit.
--Of course, I’ll just be sorry to those who were watching live from the gallery.
Sinon thought as she silently placed her finger on the Hecate’s trigger, but at the next moment…
There was an icy chill behind her.
There was also someone behind her.
--Idiot! I forgot to watch my back because I was focused on sniping!
As Sinon was screaming this in her head, she quickly moved her right hand away from the Hecate. She turned 180 degrees like her body was a spring and used her left hand to pull out her support weapon, the «MP7» sub-machine gun. While doing all that, her mind let out flashes of interrupted thoughts.
--But how could there be anyone behind me? There was only Lion King Richie when I checked the «Satellite Scanner» a few minutes ago, wasn’t it? That guy can’t have possibly ran down the mountain. And I can’t possibly not notice the enemy’s footsteps if he ran in with a heavy machine gun. Speaking of which, it’s practically impossible for any enemy other than Richie to get behind me in such a short time. What’s going on—who is it—
Even though she was really surprised, Sinon reached the MP7 right behind her, and placed the black muzzle right in front of her. Of course, she wasn’t paying that much attention to things; she couldn’t believe that someone had gotten the jump on her.
Right now, she couldn’t dodge this assault. They would soon use up all their bullets in their magazines to reduce each other’s HP—Sinon got ready to squeeze the trigger after preparing herself for this.
But just when she was about to pull the trigger and fire the bullet…
The attacker muttered softly as he raised his right hand, looking like he wanted to stop Sinon,
“Wait!”
“Uehh…!?”
Sinon widened her eyes and turned to look from the muzzle to the enemy’s face.
She immediately saw that long waist-length glamorous black hair, and the white tender skin even when under the sunset, and the long narrow eyes that were sparkling.
Her arch-enemy Kirito seemed to be half-sprawled on Sinon, wielding the FiveSeven pistol with his left hand and aiming at her.
After realizing the current situation, Sinon’s heart experienced several feelings at once, all combined together in a blaze. She forgot the muzzle in front of her eyes and subconsciously gritted her teeth, throwing a malicious look, and moved to fire the MP7 in her left hand.
But Kirito again said with a cool voice that made Sinon stop exerting the force on her fingers.
“Hold on. I have a proposal.”
“…What’s there to propose in this situation…”
Sinon argued back with a soft voice that was filled with killing intent.
“What’s there to propose and compromise in this situation!? We’re only waiting to see who dies first!”
“I could have shot first if I wanted to shoot!”
Kirito’s words were abnormally tense, causing Sinon to shut up. It felt that there was something more troubling to him than this faceoff at gunpoint.
And though she wasn’t happy about it, what Kirito said was right. If he could get near easily, he could have back-stabbed her by firing bullets or using the lightsaber.
“…”
Facing Sinon, who was forced to remain silent, Kirito again continued to speak softly,
“I don't want those two to hear us shooting at each other.”
Kirito’s eyes immediately turned to look behind Sinon, at the metal bridge where another battle was about to begin.
“Uehh…? What do you mean…”
“I want to watch that battle on the bridge until the winner is decided. Please don’t take any action before then.”
“…Watch? And what do you intend to do after that? Are you going to say something stupid like, "let’s start attacking each other" after that?”
“We need to monitor the situation…but I should be leaving then, so I won’t attack you.”
“But I may snipe you from behind, you know?”
“That can’t be helped. Please bare with me. It’s starting!”
As Kirito anxiously turned to look at the metal bridge, he actually put the FiveSeven in his left hand down. Even though the enemy was pointing a submachine-gun right in the middle of his forehead, he still placed the handgun back into his holster.
Though she was angry, Sinon felt that it couldn’t be helped, and her shoulders relaxed just like that.
If she exerted a little more force on the finger that was on the trigger, the 24 4.6mm MP7 bullets could shoot out all of Kirito’s HP. However, Sinon had already viewed Kirito as her biggest enemy, so she was really unwilling to end her fight against him in such a desultory manner.
If it’s Kirito, maybe he can dodge the Hecate’s snipe without even a trajectory, Sinon had already planned for this and thought of all the ways that she could fight him head on. If they had to fight, of course she would hope for Kirito and herself to be the last two standing amongst the 30 players and then fight an intense deathmatch that would use all their heart and soul.
“…Will you fight me properly if we do this over?”
“Yeah.”
Kirito nodded his head, and Sinon put down her submachine gun after watching his eyes for half a second. She knew that it wouldn’t be likely, but to prevent Kirito from suddenly attacking her, she still didn’t move her finger away from the trigger. However, Kirito himself immediately relaxed his entire body and proned himself in the bush beside Sinon. He took out mini-binoculars from his belt pouch and started watching the battle.
This attitude of not even paying attention to consider her a potential threat at all made her angry and reluctant at the same time. Why must this guy watch someone else fight? Speaking of which, when did he appear? There wasn’t Kirito’s name within 1km around her when she checked the «Satellite Scanner» a few minutes ago.
However, Sinon still swallowed her doubts back in and placed the MP7 on her left waist. She then carried the Hecate with both hands and used the scope to watch the two people who were fighting.
On the long metal bridge, Sinon could still see Dyne in a prone position near her. The SG550 that was stuck on his face wasn’t moving at all, and this uninterrupted concentration of his showed that he wasn’t someone to be underestimated. Of course, the Pale Rider who forced Dyne into such a tough situation couldn’t possibly appear easily from the forest across from him.
“…The battle you’re so looking forward to may not happen.”
Sinon muttered at Kirito, who was beside her, in a mocking manner.
“Dyne won’t remain proned there forever. Once that guy gets ready to move, I’ll snipe him first.”
“In that case, you can take action…no, hang on.”
Kirito’s answer was tense all of a sudden. Sinon moved her eye away from the scope on reflex and turned to look at the metal bridge with her naked eyes.
At this moment, a figure suddenly appeared from the path that was deep within the thick forest.
It was a tall and skinny player, wearing mysterious blue and white camouflage clothing. Since he had a black helmet on, they couldn’t see his face. That person was armed with only the light «ArmaLite AR 17» shotgun. This guy should be — no, he’s definitely the «Pale Rider» who was chasing Dyne.
Dyne, who was lying on the other side of the bridge, immediately went tense on his shoulders, and this abnormal atmosphere spread to Sinon who was far away. In contrast, she couldn’t feel any pressure from Pale Rider’s standing position. He didn’t seem to be scared of that SIG in Dyne’s hands as he merely crossed the bridge easily.
“…That guy is strong…”
Sinon couldn’t help but say that, and beside her, Kirito suddenly moved his body slightly. Sinon glanced at him for a while and found that the side-face that looked just like a girl was giving off a very tense vibe. In other words, Kirito was watching that Pale Rider? Even though it was Sinon’s first time seeing this certain player’s name and appearance, his actions showed that he did possess a certain amount of ability.
GGO had the «Bullet Line» assist prediction ability that didn't exist in real life. It’s not easy getting near an enemy with a fully-automatic machine gun. Normally speaking, there would be obstacles for the person to hide behind, so he could run from one cover to the next, using lateral movements to close in on the enemy.
However, Pale Rider merely stepped onto the metal bridge in a defenseless manner casually. There was nothing, no landscape or objects to block the bullets. Even Dyne, who escaped to create this situation could only remain prone on the floor, and a slight doubt could be seen on his back.
However, Dyne was a leader of a squadron for quite some time, so his experience made him abandon his inner doubt. A second later, his SG550 assault rifle fired with the sturdy sound that fit a Swiss machine, and immediately spread throughout the river surface.
However, Pale Rider himself dodged those numerous 5.5mm bullets that were fired over in a manner Sinon didn’t expect. He actually ran to a cable that was supporting the bridge and used the left hand to climb up. Dyne hurriedly tried to aim the gun at him, but it’s tough for a person in a prone position to aim at an enemy above; as he missed the second shooting, Pale Rider himself used the recoil of the ropes to jump onto the bridge at a position that’s rather near Dyne.
“A STR type, using light equipment and boasting 3-dimensional mobility…his skills' points are rather high too.”
As Sinon muttered, Dyne got up to show that he wouldn’t be tricked a second time and squeezed the trigger for the third time. However, this attack of his was anticipated by Pale Rider. Thus there was a little gap in the firing line and the ground, that blue and white profile immediately rushed in without falling by using his left hand to support the ground and doing a barrel roll forward. He was only 20cm away from Dyne when he got up.
“Damn you…!”
Dyne let out the familiar cursing and tried to quickly change the 30-bullet magazine that was empty. However…
The ArmaLite in Pale Rider’s right hand let out a silent flash.
Under such a distance, the bullets of a shotgun couldn’t miss completely. Dyne immediately fell backwards as the special effects lighting spread all over him. But remarkably, he didn’t stop as he reloaded and got ready to put his gun at this face—however, there was a second gunshot.
Pale Rider again got near and shot for the second time to cause Dyne to lose his balance. This was the terrifying part about this weapon called the shotgun; It causes a high delay beside ordinary damage, allowing people to be continuously attacked helplessly.
--There was no need to bring the SIG to the face since the muzzle flash, which is fired from the waist, was extremely powerful.
However, Sinon’s thoughts couldn’t spread to Dyne’s brain, and it was too late. Pale Rider continued to close in and slowly reloaded the AR17 before squeezing the trigger right in front of Dyne for the 3rd time. The 12 gauge shell exploded, releasing a rain of bullets and bringing Dyne’s remaining HP to zero.
Dyne, who was on the floor lifelessly, had the large word [Dead] in red on him as it slowly spun. Now he’s eliminated from the finals. He wouldn’t be able to log out during this time as it was to prevent players from exchanging information in the real world. This «corpse» could only watch the live broadcast in his conscious state until the match ends.
“That blue guy is amazing...”
Beside her, Kirito said with a soft voice. Sinon was subconsciously about to nod her head in response, and immediately pricked her eyebrows on hearing what he said next,
“…Is that guy…one of the guys we talked about on the list…?”
Sinon felt extremely suspicious, but immediately remembered that «Pale Rider» was one of the three players Kirito was worried about. In other words, Pale Rider could be that target. Both of them tried to kill each other in that VRMMO game Kirito played before, and that game’s name was—no, maybe it’s that one that became infamous...
At this moment, Sinon forced herself to stop thinking.
Kirito should have his own problems too, but those were his own problems. Nobody else should get in the way, not should they bear responsibility for it.
Sinon seemed like she wanted to shake off this little doubt and turned off the safe of the Hecate before saying softly and simply,
“I’m going to snipe that guy.”
Without waiting for Kirito’s response, she placed her finger on the trigger. After Pale Rider eliminated Dyne with an exciting attack, he left the bridge and was ready to head north. Sinon’s crosshair immediately caught sight of his skinny back, and considered the wind direction and distance before readying herself.
At this moment, Kirito finally answered with a hoarse voice,
“Ahh…I understand. But, if he’s that guy…”
--So what if it’s that guy? You’re telling me that in less than 300m with his back turned, he could dodge my sniping specialty the «first shot without a bullet line»?
“…Stop joking around.”
Sinon merely moved her lips to answer Kirito and began to pull the trigger without hesitation—
But at this moment…
Sinon saw an unbelievable sight in her scope.
A little bullet exited the right shoulder of Pale Rider’s blue and white camouflage, and this tall and skinny guy was knocked to the right like he was knocked aside from the bullet that hit him.
““Ahh…!””
Sinon and Kirito, who was watching the scene with his binoculars from the left, shouted out at the same time.
Though surprised, Sinon still focused on her hearing instinctively. Of course, this was to check the gunshot that sniped Pale Rider, where it came from and the sound quality. However…
No matter how Sinon pricked her ears, all she could hear was the dry wind and the water flowing in the river.
“…Did I miss it…?”
Sinon muttered, and Kirito, who seemed to be thinking about that, silently responded,
“No, I didn’t hear anything as well. What’s going on…?"
“The only thing I can think of…is that it was a laser rifle that lets out a very soft sound…or a live weapon with a suppressor. However…”
“Wh..what?…?”
Sinon glanced aside and stared at the puzzled Kirito, thinking how much stuff must she teach him and started explaining.
“It’s a muffler. An equipment that’s placed in front of a gunbarrel to suppress the sound of gunfire.”
“So, so it’s a silencer…”
“You can call it that. Anyway, a sniper rifle that’s equipped with this can suppress the sound of gunfire to a certain extent. But this thing will affect accuracy, shooting range, and is rather expensive.”
“I see…”
Kirito nodded his head as his eyes glanced slightly at the tip of Sinon’s Hecate II. The front of the gunbarrel was merely a muzzle brake, and even an amateur like Kirito knew that that wasn’t a suppressor. Sinon added on before the other party wanted to say something,
“This wasn’t to save money, but because those things don’t fit my style.”
Fuun.
She snorted and again looked through the scope. Pale Rider, who collapsed on the floor, didn’t look like he was about to get up, but that wasn’t a fatal blow. If it was, there would be a red ‘dead’ tag on him like the one on Dyne, who was slightly further away from him. ‘’He’s alive, so why didn’t he run away or fight back’—
Also, there were other doubts as well. 10 minutes ago, on the map of the «Satellite Scan», Sinon checked that there wasn’t anyone else within 1km. In other words, the mysterious sniper shot Pale Rider from a rather far distance. But in that case, the enemy would be using a rather large caliber to snipe him. In GGO, the larger the gunbarrel, the weaker the effect of the suppressor, and the accuracy and shooting range would be even more affected. However, there was no gunshot heard just now, and she couldn’t understand why.
As she was thinking, Sinon suddenly remembered that she was wondering about the same thing about that player who was right beside her, and felt that it was time to ask this. She turned around and said softly,
“…Speaking of which, Kirito, where did you appear from? You weren’t around these hills 10 minutes ago on the satellite scan.”
“Eh…? I was tailing that guy Pale Rider from about 500m away, so it should show up on the screen…no, ahh, I got it.”
“What is it?”
“Speaking of which, I should have been wading in the river 10 minutes ago. Maybe it’s because I was hiding underwater that the satellite didn’t discover me…”
—YOU, YOU SWAM THROUGH THE RIVER!?
Sinon tried her best to hold back her voice, and didn’t shout out.
It’s known that the rivers and lakes in this game weren’t some forbidden zone, and they won’t die if they dropped inside. However, the HP will continue to drop in the water, and the player won’t be able to swim at will due to the weight of the equipment on the body. It’s practically impossible for any player to swim over that wide river except for those frogmen-type players with the breathing equipment.
“How, how did you do that…?”
After she finally raised this question with much difficulty, Kirito himself simply shrugged his shoulder and answered,
“Of course I removed all my equipment for the time being. All VRMMO that uses the specs of «The Seed» can remove their equipment in their personal window back into the item box. There’s no need to carry it, right?”
“…”
Perhaps this would be a suitable example to describe someone who was so shocked that she couldn’t make a response. Forget about swimming, the boldness of even removing all the weapons and armor in the middle of a battlefield was extremely unbelievable.
“…People would definitely be happy to see your character in underwear like that.”
“Arre, isn’t the live telecast only showing the battle scenes?”
Seeing Kirito give that dont-try-and-fool-me line, Sinon merely snorted coldly and answered,
“…Anyway, so the «Satellite Scanner» can’t catch people who are underwater. I’ll remember that. But, the Pale Rider you swam through the river just to trail was strong, but not some outstanding player. He’s unable to get up after getting hit by a bullet, looks like he’s…”
Just when Sinon was about to say ‘not going to survive’, she was interrupted by Kirito, who again raised his binoculars.
“No…I don’t think he was so scared that he was unable to get up…look at him, isn’t there some strange light effect on his avatar…?”
“Eh…”
Sinon hurriedly increased the range of her scope. Though it was hard to tell as the sunset was too strong, the blue and white camouflage of the Pale Rider did have blueish-sparks all over him. Sinon did see that effect before, and that was—
“An…an electric stun bullet…!?”
“Wha, what’s that?”
“Like the name, it’s a unique bullet that would cause high voltage of electricity once it hits a target. But it needs a rather large caliber rifle to load it, and even a single bullet is very expensive, so they're barely ever used in PvP. That’s a bullet that’s used when a party hunts a large Mob.”
In fact, as Sinon was explaining, the sparks that immobilized Pale Rider started to turn pale. A few more seconds, and the effect would disappear. His HP shouldn’t wear down because of that, but now she really didn’t know why the enemy would do such a difficult snipe—
“—!”
Sinon couldn’t tell whether that little tremor was from her or from Kirito beside her.
200m north from where both of them were hidden was that large metal bridge that extends to both east and west. On the west side of the bridge was Dyne, who was dead. Pale Rider was knocked down by a stun bullet that came from the forest on the east side, and was now 5m north from him. However, he was about ready to get up.

Right between the bodies of Pale Rider and Dyne, a black profile came out from a shadow of a supporting metal pillar.
On first glance, that didn’t look like a person (player). The avatar was completely covered with a mysterious presence. After trying her best to look at it, Sinon finally understood the reason why she couldn’t see him. That person was covered with a grey hooded mantle, and that hood was fluttering irregularly like some little thin material because of the wind. That was a Ghillie Suit a sniper wears. No, it should be called a «Ghillie Mantle». But—
“…Since when was he waiting there…?”
Sinon subconsciously muttered. That mantle guy should be the one who shot Pale Rider. However, since when did he move out of the forest and cross the bridge? Even if he had a Ghillie Mantle that had outstanding camouflage ability, he would definitely be discovered if he moved on the metal bridge without anyone noticing. Or did he swim through the river like Kirito? But if that happened, she definitely never saw him summon a window and control his equipped figure.
But at the next moment, the next stunning revelation that shook all of Sinon’s doubts aside occurred.
The tattered mantle moved forward, and then revealed the main weapon that was hidden under the body in his right hand.
“—«Silent Assassin».”
She let out a panting like voice.
It was a large sniper rifle that was about as long as the Hecate. Though the gun itself was slimmer than the Hecate, the several bolt holes that passes through the mechanisms, the highly-advanced grip that had a thumb handle and the dark-grey gun body that was polished all gave a bone-chilling feeling. However, the most unique specialty about it was the large suppressor that’s attached to the tip of the gun barrel. No, it wasn’t right to call it installed, but rather, it was a sniper rifle that was designed with the intention to use the suppressor.
Its actual name was «Accuracy International L115A3», and it used .338 inch Lapua Magnum bullets. Though the firepower was far inferior to the .50BMG the Hecate II had, the L115 wasn’t an anti-tank sniper gun. One can tell from the fact that this was originally equipped with a silencer that was created to snipe humans. As the largest range was more than 2,000m, those who were shot by the bullet couldn’t see the shooter, and couldn’t hear the gunshot before dying. Thus, people gave it a nickname—the «Silent Assassin».
Sinon did hear of this terrifying sniper gun in GGO, but she had never actually seen it before. Speaking of which, she never heard of a sniper who could work on his own other than herself. However, that tattered mantle was able to shoot from deep within the forest across the river and shoot Pale Rider. It’s impossible to accomplish such a shot without enough skill, concentration, control and heartbeat.
—Who is that guy?
Sinon instinctively checked the watch on her left hand. It’s now 8.40pm. There’s still 5 minutes before the third «Satellite Scan», and in this situation, things just feel extremely long.
The mysterious mantle in her scope gave a deathly presence as he strapped the L115 on his right shoulder. Sinon widened her eyes to see if there was any tag or affiliated squadron, but there wasn’t anything out of the ordinary other than the muzzle and the dark-grey hood. As Sinon watched on, the tattered mantle seemed to glide as he walked towards the Pale Rider who fell onto the floor.


Pale Rider, who was able to take down Dyne seemingly without a scratch, was a player who did give off a strong presence. Sinon never heard of his name before, but in the north mainland that was far away, he should be famous like that «Behemoth» who used that minigun. However, when seeing both of them like this, the existence of the tattered mantle was more shocking. When she got her Hecate for the first time, Sinon once took down a large boss-like monster alone, and the tattered mantle gave Sinon chills that were larger than the ones she got from that monster — no, it gave more chills than that monster.
But as she realized the ability of the tattered mantle, Sinon had a question she just couldn’t understand.
Even though he had such a rare gun and highly-skilled sniper technique, why did he use a stun bullet instead of real bullets? Pale Rider was lightly equipped, so a .338 Laqua should have a chance to kill him if it was the head or the heart. However, this tactic is understandable if he wanted to numb someone before sniping someone more accurately. However, the tattered mantle player showed up from the forest away shooting the first stun bullet and walked towards Pale Rider which had lots of HP, revealing his own position. Wouldn’t that highly difficult snipe be completely meaningless.
The anxiety that came with being unable to predict the enemy’s intent made Sinon bite her lips.
Speaking of which, Kirito, who was beside her, went quiet. Even though Sinon wanted to check the situation with him, she hesitated over whether she should turn her eyes away from the tattered mantle, and could only look through the scope of the Hecate.
The tattered mantle guy moved in front of Pale Rider and reached his right hand into the hood while carrying the L115. Is he going to finish off with his support weapon? Sinon thought. Even a mini-assault rifle can wear Pale Rider’s HP to zero at such a close range—
“…Eh…”
But Sinon again lets out a shocked voice.
What the mantle took out was a handgun. As the shadows caused by the sunset were too great and that it was immediately covered by the body, Sinon couldn’t tell what sort of gun it was, but the silhouette was enough to indicate that it was an ordinary automatic pistol.
A shot from a handgun wouldn’t cause less damage than an assault rifle, but even after pressing the trigger for consecutive times, it couldn’t fire automatically, and will need lots of time before it can deplete an enemy’s HP. Right now, Pale Rider was lying on the floor, and was about to recover from his numbness. Once he could move, he’ll definitely fire the shotgun in his right hand. At that time, the one who would be dead would be this tattered mantle.
Even so, this mysterious player was just standing there, waiting for the night wind to blow his Ghillie mantle. There wasn’t any sense of anxiety or wavering in him. He continued to point his right hand at Pale Rider, who was lying on the floor, and then raised his hand out from the mantle. That hand wasn’t holding anything. It’s unknown what the mantle guy was about to do as he placed his left finger on the forehead of his hood. Then, he moved to the chest, and finally, left and right.
This action was the so-called Cross-sign — was he planning to pray for an enemy who was about to die? But he shouldn’t have much time left to do this. Does he think that he could dodge the shotgun at such a close distance? Or rather, was he a cocky person who just got lucky in getting a rare gun…?
The unnecessary questions made Sinon bite her lips anxiously. Suddenly, a soft voice came in to her left ear.
“…Sinon, shoot.”
It was Kirito’s voice. This short sentence had a sense of urgency she never felt before. Sinon couldn’t help but ask,
“Eh? Shoot who?”
“Shoot that mantle guy!! Please, just shoot! Shoot before that guy takes action!!”
That abnormally anxious voice actually caused Sinon to exert force on her right index finger which was on the trigger of the Hecate. Sinon would normally grumble about it, but right now, she aimed her crosshair on the back of that mantle. She predicted the wind direction and humidity through the surrounding dust effect and slightly adjusted her angle. As she exerted force on the finger that’s on the trigger, the green bullet trajectory immediately covered the enemy.
Logically, Sinon should wait for the winner to be decided between both of them. If she attacked the mantle now, the Pale Rider will recover from his numbness and definitely escape into the bushes on the left, and Sinon wouldn’t have the chance to snipe him.
But even after knowing that, Sinon didn’t release the strength that’s exerted on the finger. For some reason, she had a feeling that she had to hit no matter what. She stopped her breathing, letting the imaginary cold air stop in her chest. That icy feeling could make her heart calm down. *Bekun*…*bekun*…just when the reticle shrank and the pulse moved as it gathered in a small circle—
A gunshot.
The large muzzled brake let out a large flame that looked like a fire dragon.
There were only 300m between her and the target, so she couldn’t miss. Sinon could even see an illusion where that avatar had a large hole there.
—However,
In fact, the moment Sinon squeezed the trigger, the upper body of the mantle player bent backwards like a phantom that didn’t materialize. The sure-kill bullet grazed past his chest and opened a huge hole further away.
“Wha…”
Sinon was unable to say anything and had an uncertain feeling. She found that he turned his head towards her location, and faced her from deep under the mantle. That heinous face did give a smile, and Sinon subconsciously gasped.
“Tha…that guy, he knew that we were here…right from the beginning…”
“How is it possible…! He never looked at us once before!”
On hearing Kirito’s similarly shocked voice, Sinon shook her head slightly and said,
“It’s impossible to dodge this without seeing the bullet line. In other words, he started noticing me from a certain time and checked through the system…”
As she said this, her right hand automatically loaded the next round into the Hecate. Sinon again got ready to snipe, but started to hesitate. Facing this enemy who had such a response speed, there’s a 99% chance that this bullet line will be dodged. She could fire all the 4 bullets in her magazine, but if she used them all, it’ll be easy for the enemy to counterattack. What should I do…what should I do.
The mantle guy brought his body back forward as if he saw Sinon’s short hesitation.
He again lined the automatic pistol in his right hand at Pale Rider, and flicked the hammer with his thumb. His left hand was supporting beside the grip, and then he calmly squeezed the trigger.
A flash appeared. After a few seconds, Sinon could hear a dry gunshot in her ears.
“Ahh…!”
Kirito groaned, seemingly afraid of something.
Of course, the bullet hit the center of Pale Rider. It was a physical damage, but anyone in this world wouldn’t be dead from a 9mm bullet round immediately no matter which part he’s hit in. Also, Pale Rider should have at least 90% of his HP. But for some reason, the mantle guy stopped attacking. He just kept his hands on his gun and stood there. He knew that Sinon was aiming at him, but never had the intention to look for cover. He probably had the belief that he could dodge any bullet.
1 second, 2 seconds, 3 seconds—
At that moment, the stun bullet effect that immobilized Pale Rider finally vanished.
The guy who was dressed in the blue and white camouflage suit then jumped up and quickly raised that AR17 shotgun with breathtaking speed and placed it at the chest of the mantle guy. That was definitely zero distance, and all the pellets could enter the heart of the mantle guy. Its power was different from a handgun, and the mantle guy could be killed in one hit.
Sinon and Kirito, that was laying beside her, and the audience in the entire GGO world and real world who were watching this live telecast should be watching this with their eyes widened.
The counterattack gunshot—was never heard.
What replaced it was the slight sound of a heavy object landing. It was the AR17 in Pale Rider’s right hand dropping on the deep tea-colored sandy ground.
Then, Pale Rider knelt down like his joints were destroyed like a puppet and tilted right slowly before lying completely on the floor.
From Sinon’s position, she could see the lips under the helmet of Pale Rider. He opened his mouth, seemingly making a silent cry and also looked like he was desperately gasping for air.
He suddenly raised his left hand in a rather weak motion, grabbing the center of his chest. And at the next moment—
The body that was wearing blue and white camouflage seemed to be surrounded by light that looked like static and suddenly disappeared.
Finally, what was left of him was a little line of light displaying [DISCONNECTION], but soon it faded into the sunset and disappeared. “…What, was that?”
A few seconds later, Sinon finally managed to say these words.
The mantle player merely fired a handgun at Pale Rider. At this moment, Pale Rider should have some HP left. Then, Pale Rider was released from his stunned state and got ready to fight back with the shotgun. But just when he was about to fire, the circuits went faulty unfortunately, kicking him out from the game.
If there was a need to explain what just happened before her eyes, this would be the most logical explanation.
But how did it end up disconnected with such perfect timing? And, more than being lucky, that mantle guy who nearly got a huge reversal seemed to know that this disconnection would happen. No, rather than that—
It felt like he was able to kick Pale Rider out from the game through his own will.
That was impossible. It’s impossible to interfere with other players' network connection from within the game.
However, the mantle guy didn’t seem to be shocked by Pale Rider’s disappearance at all as he merely kept his left hand back into the mantle. Then, he again raised the handgun in his right hand and pointed it to a certain point. Sinon immediately knew what that was. That was the video camera that was showing the live broadcast of the tournament. The tournament set up a light-colored thing in the sky to show the player that he was being filmed. In other words, that was a declaration of victory to all the audience. However, what was he declaring? Just now, the battle he had with pale Rider was a forfeit because of a network failure, so it wasn’t a manner that’s worth bragging. Or—was the disappearance just now the real victory to the mantle guy? In other words…
“That guy…can disconnect the other players from the server…?”
Sinon muttered with a hoarse voice.
And beside her, Kirito seemed to be daydreaming as he answered,
“Wrong…that’s not it. It’s not just an ordinary power.”
“What’s ordinary? That’s a huge problem! How can he use such a cheating method? What is the operating company Zasker doing…?”
“WRONG!”
Kirito suddenly grabbed Sinon’s left shoulder tightly. Sinon wanted to shake him off instinctively, but the following words made the girl freeze.
“That guy didn’t kick the player out from the server. He killed him. That Pale Rider just now…that real life player controlling Pale Rider is dead!!”
“…You…”
What are you saying?
Sinon was about to say that, but what Kirito said next made Sinon swallow her words again.
“So I’m right. That guy…that guy’s «Death gun»—«Death Gun»!”
Sinon heard of this name before. After the vague knowledge floated up from deep within her memories of knowledge, she then said.
“…Death…Gun. Is it about that weird rumor…? That someone shot the winner of the last tournament «Zekushiido», and «Usujio Tarako» who got a high ranking position, in a pub on the streets and the plaza, and they never logged in again afterwards…”
“That’s right…”
Kirito nodded his head and then looked at Sinon’s face. Those large and black eyes had a strong impact and fear in them that Sinon had never seen before. Also, he was shaking because of a certain feeling.
“I felt…that it wasn’t possible. Yesterday, while waiting at the dome, I met him and still continued to deny this possibility. But I have no need to doubt it anymore…that guy really used a certain way to kill players in the real world. In fact, the corpses of «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako» were discovered recently…”
“…”
—How did you know about this? Who are you? What’s your relationship with that mantle guy…?
Before she was shocked by the fact that «Death Gun» really existed. Sinon’s heart was already confused by this person called Kirito, and this made her really unable to catch what was going on.
Of course, Sinon still couldn’t believe this honestly. Killing someone in the real world from a game? That’s too far-fetched…and wouldn’t this be paradoxical? If things inside the game affected the lives in the real world, that wouldn’t be a game anymore. However, on seeing Kirito give a serious expression, voice and gaze that didn’t look like what a virtual avatar could make, she just felt that she couldn’t laugh this off. Who—who exactly in the world are you…
Sinon’s mind was all confused and could only remain silent. At this moment, Kirito, who maintained a sharp gaze as he continued, finally managed to turn his eyes away from her to the metal bridge, and Sinon looked over too as if she was led by him.
The mysterious mantle guy who made Pale Rider «log out» put the handgun that was aimed at the camera down and turned to look at Dyne who was in the south. Dyne, who had the [dead] tag on his abdomen, was still logged in, but unable to talk, and unable to make any expression, so nobody could tell what sort of thoughts he had about the strange battle that went on beside him.
The mantle guy placed his handgun back into the holster, strapped up his L115 back on his shoulder with a shyari sound, and started walking to Dyne. Was he going to attack this «corpse» of Dyne? Sinon couldn’t help but gasp on thinking about this, and Kirito seemed to be thinking the same thing as his slender body twitched slightly, looking like he was about to rush out from the woods.
But perhaps Dyne—was lucky as the mantle guy didn’t take out his automatic pistol, but walked past Dyne and moved onto the metal bridge. He didn’t cross it, but disappeared behind the thick big pillar like how he appeared. He should be walking on the slightly shallow river. Though they couldn’t see him now, that position can only lead him north or south down the river. If she start to move now, she would definitely see him again—…
“…Still hasn’t appeared yet…”
Kirito muttered. Sinon still nodded her head. Even after 10 seconds, the mantle guy hadn't shown up. This meant that he was still hiding in the shadows behind the bridge. It seemed like he was wary about Sinon’s sniper rifle.
At this moment, a slightly ringing vibration could be felt from the left wrist, and Sinon then checked her watch. 8.44pm 50 seconds. There were 10 seconds left before the 3rd «Satellite Scanner». Sinon pulled the device out from her waist pouch and watched the screen.
“Kirito, watch the bridge. I’ll use this chance to check that guy’s name.”
“Got it.”
On hearing his immediate reply, Sinon waited for the map to refresh itself. There’s still 3 seconds…2, 1, the scan started. The spy satellite of the galactic war age flew through the sky, and scanned through the entire surface without letting a single spot slip by. Its electronic eye could easily read through mini cover. There was no other way to hide except by hiding in a cave or swimming into the water like Kirito.
*PaPaPaPaa*.... After a few beats, new flashing lights appeared on the screen. Lion King Richie was still camping on the peak of the hill far south. He wouldn’t be able to get down the hill before the tournament ends.
About 800m north of him, the two blinking spots hiding between the forest and the hills were Kirito and Sinon. To the players who were far away from them, they would definitely think that they were fighting at close range. They shouldn’t be able to expect that they were pushed side by side, hiding in the bushes. Of course, Sinon was praying that the other players wouldn’t know that.
And 200m north, there was a rather light glow, showing Dyne, who was dead. A little north, and it would be Pale Rider’s light spot, but the map didn’t show it. And at the east side of Dyne, the light spot of that mantle guy under the bridge was—
“Eh… Not-not there?”
Sinon said with surprise as she stared hard at the high definition screen.
But no matter how she continued to look, the surroundings of the metal bridge only showed Dyne’s light spot. The mantle guy had already moved somewhere else. But if he moved up the river, she should be able to notice it. Sinon then panicked as she wondered what was going on, but immediately started thinking again.
There was only one possibility she could think of. He used the same method as Kirito and swam underwater to avoid the satellite scanner. In that case, that means…
“…There’s a chance.”
On hearing Sinon mutter, Kirito frowned. Sinon glanced at him and then quickly explained the entire situation.
“That mantle guy didn’t appear on the screen, so he’s definitely hiding at the bottom of the river. In that case, he should have removed all his equipment. Even if he wants to get up the river, it’ll take at least 10 seconds for him to summon his window and fully equip himself. We just need to attack him…”
“What if it’s just a handgun? He should be able to move if he’s carrying such light arms, right?”
Before she even finished, Kirito raised the same doubt. Sinon could only reply reluctantly,
“I’ve never tried this before, but if the STR and VIT values are high enough, it should be…but even so, we should be able to overpower someone with a handgun easily…”
“NO!”
Kirito suddenly stopped suppressing his voice and shouted, forcefully grabbing Sinon’s left hand.
“You just saw it, right? That guy’s black handgun made Pale Rider disappear! It may be real death if you’re hit!”
Sinon couldn’t look away from the glowing black eyes of Kirito. She forced herself not to look away, shook her head, and answered,
“…But I still can’t believe that there will be real death resulting from being shot in a game….Uun, or rather, if this were real, that mantle guy could kill anyone on his own will, right? How is that possible…I really can’t believe it. How can such a person exist in GGO…in a VRMMO…”
That’s right. Even in the wilderness of «Gun Gale Online», where killing intent was everywhere, it was still «a kind world» to Sinon/Shino.
This world didn’t have any real evil intent or killing intent. The reason why they replaced communication with bullets and smoke was simply because they wanted to surpass their peers, to be stronger than anyone else. In this world, no matter how much they shot or how many bullets they take, they wouldn’t lose a single drop of blood. Also, they would definitely not feel any pain, injury or any real damages. Thus, even though they would feel remorse over losing a battle, they wouldn’t behold any grudges against the enemy. Like the tough battle before. Sinon’s entire left leg was blown away by the minigun of that Behemoth, and the Behemoth was shot through by Sinon’s Hecate. But after that battle, Sinon was just left with self-confidence, reflection and the respect for that strong Behemoth. She believed that the Behemoth would feel the same way about her.
It’s because of that that Sinon decided on this GGO world, a cushioning mechanism that protected her from that weak her in the real world and that terrifying memory. She believed that if she continued to fight here, the confidence she built in the virtual world would one day surpass that grudge that anguished her so much in the real world.
There couldn’t be any real malice in a VRMMO, or else it wouldn’t be a virtual world. Wouldn’t it become the dark reality Sinon always feared and was running from…
“I…really couldn’t believe that there was really a VRMMO player who would really kill someone besides PKing.”
On hearing Sinon murmur—
Kirito answered with a thoroughly pained voice,
“But they really exist. That mantle guy…«Death Gun», he used to kill a lot of people in that VRMMO I was in before. Even after knowing that the enemy would really die, he still swung his sword. It was like how he shot Pale Rider just now, and...I...”
At this moment, Kirito stopped talking, looked down and let go of Sinon’s hand.
However, by piecing together those heavy words and the conversation she had with Kirito before, it was easy to tell what he didn’t say.
Three years ago—at the end of AD 2022, «that incident» shook all of Japan. Even Sinon, who didn’t have any interest in VRMMO at that time was rather clear about this incident because of the daily long reports the media gave. There were more than 10,000 young people who were held captive in the virtual world; and two years later, the people who were released and returned back to the real world was about 6,000. In other words, 4,000 lives were gone because of this incident.
Undoubtedly, Kirito must be one of the «survivors» of that world. And if he wasn’t lying, «Death Gun» should be the same as him. No, that’s not it. There was an even more terrifying truth behind Kirito’s confession.
Those who died in that game basically died in the real world. «Death Gun» knew that they would die and killed many players on his own will. He was «the player who really killed someone in a VRMMO» Sinon said.
That guy in GGO…at this moment, he was in the field of the «3rd BoB finals», and even took the lives of players in the real world through an unknown means. That should be what Kirito was saying.
Sinon finally managed to get something out from her confused thoughts, and immediately felt her body chill.
Her vision started to become dark from the center. There seemed to be something watching her from the darkness. That look—that lifeless, weak and seemingly sticky swamp-like stare was…
“…-non. Sinon!”
Suddenly, Sinon heard someone calling her name, causing her to wake up forcefully. Behind the black shadow that was moving away, Kirito was looking at her worriedly. On seeing that pure and bewitching beautiful looks of his, the girl felt annoyed that it went against the norm, causing her phobia to be suppressed.
Sinon sighed lightly and answered,
“…Don’t worry, I was just a little shocked. To be honest…I really couldn’t believe your words straight away…but I don’t get the feeling that this is all a lie or a fabricated story.”
“Thanks. That’s enough.”
Kirito nodded his head slightly. At the same time, the light spots on the device in Sinon’s right hand flickered. The satellite in the sky above was about to leave. Sinon hurriedly switched the map over to the whole field and started counting the number of dots. Right now, there were 17 dots of lights, which meant that there were 11 dead dim lights, 28 altogether. “The numbers don’t match after all…”
There were really 30 people at the start. Subtracting off the disappeared Pale Rider who disconnected, there was still one person. That should be the «Death Gun» who went underwater to avoid the scan. No, maybe he wasn’t just waiting silently underwater, but moving around. However, it was hard to tell whether he intended to move to or away from the two of them. If he were approaching, he could immediately come out from the water on the east side of the bushes Sinon and Kirito were hiding at and launch his attack forcefully…
As Sinon thought about that, all the lights on the screen disappeared. Now, they could only search for the enemy with their five senses for the next 15 minutes.
Sinon glanced to the east slightly, but couldn’t find any movement. The mantle guy should have moved on from the bottom of the river to the north. Though his main weapon L115A3 «Silent Assassin» was a terrifying weapon, it was a hand-operated sniper rifle like the Hecate II, so it wasn’t suited for mid to close ranged combat. Most likely, he wouldn’t force his attack, but pull away to hide his own location.
Thinking that, Sinon exhaled and muttered,
“We have to get out of here first…those far away will think that both of us were fighting and will come over to collect the earnings of a fishmonger.”
“…You’re right…”
Kirito instantly looked down at the ground, but immediately turned to Sinon and said,
“If I had told you to find an absolutely safe hiding place until the tournament ended…you wouldn’t listen, would you?”
“OF…OF COURSE NOT!”
Sinon immediately shouted back with her loudest voice.
“How could I do such a stupid thing that the «Camper Richie» would do! Besides, there’s no absolutely safe place on this island. There are caves in the northern deserts where the satellite can’t read through, but I’ll definitely die if someone throws a grenade in.”
“…I got it. Then, let’s split up here.”
“Eh…”
These unexpected words rendered Sinon speechless. She blinked for a few seconds and finally said with a calm voice,
“The-Then what do you intend to do?”
“Me, I want to…continue chasing after that «Death Gun». Can’t let him use that gun to shoot anyone. And…if I face him head on, I’ll definitely remember that guy’s old name. In that case…”
At this moment, the shiny lips of Kirito were tightly shut. He took a deep breath and faced Sinon straight in the face.
“…Sinon, please get away from that mantle guy. I’ll abide by your promise. I’ll fight with all I've got when we meet somewhere on this island…Just now, thanks for not shooting at me and hearing me out.”
After nodding his head, the black-clothed lightsaber wielder slipped out from the bushes.
“Ah…wait…”
Just when Sinon was about to instinctively call him, he landed on the deep-tea-colored ground and got up and walked towards the metal bridge in the north without turning back.
After staring at that slender figure that was gradually leaving for a moment, Sinon forcefully closed her eyes.
“….”
The air that was forcefully inhaled was exhaled hard with a silent ‘that’s enough!’, and Sinon immediately got up from the woods. The shrubs that were wrecked by her violent action had their leaves scattered before disappearing.
“HOLD IT RIGHT THERE!”
The girl shouted loudly, and the person who was 20m away stopped just like that. She immediately grabbed the Hecate and carried it on her right shoulder before running to Kirito. No matter if the other person gave such a completely surprised look, Sinon glared somewhere else and said,
“…I’m coming with you too.”
“Eh…?”
“You intend to fight against «Death Gun», right? That guy’s an expert even without that gun. How can you keep your promise if you lose before you face me? I’m not really willing, but we should work together to chase that guy out of this island…and the tournament finals of this BoB.”
After saying out all the words that ran through her mind, Sinon glanced at Kirito. In the end, though that lightsaber wielder frowned, his lips curled up, and looked rather strange. Kirito struggled for a while, seemingly still worried about Sinon’s safety, then shook that black hair and said,
“No…you just saw that battle too, right? That guy is really dangerous. Once you’re hit, your body in the real world may be…”
“We don’t know where «Death Gun» ran off to, it’s dangerous whether I’m with you or not. Speaking of which, a rookie like you who would continue to run away without even noticing your surroundings in an open space has no right to worry about me!”
“…Well, what you said makes sense…”
Kirito again hesitated for a few seconds, but finally released the tension in his shoulders and nodded his head, right before waving his right hand at lightning like speed. As Sinon noticed the lightsaber that was drawn out from his waist, the blue and purple energy blade appeared from the handle in Kirito’s hand.
Ah, is this guy going to attack me now to fulfill his promise? Sinon couldn’t help but stop breathing, but Kirito then looked west. Sinon looked at where he was looking at, and at that moment, about 100m away, under the shadow of a large rock, there were a few red lines appearing at them—the bullet line trajectory the bullets were aimed at.
The unknown enemy’s fully-automatic machine gun roared, and Kirito’s light saber left several afterimages as it knocked down all the bullets in this bullet storm that didn’t leave any openings to escape. Sinon was stunned by this scene before her that she had never seen before in GGO, and could only stand there like a piece of wood, but after a second, she immediately recovered her thinking ability and got down. She released the Hecate in mid-air, and as she laid down in a prone position, she readied the stand on the ground.
At this point, they could confirm that the enemy was using a completely automatic machine gun, but the scope didn’t show the Ghillie mantle of the «Death Gun». The enemy had a mysterious opened-helmet with a top, and the right eye had an eyepiece to correct the aim. Sinon remembered that she met this person before. He was a gunner who took part in the last tournament, called «Xiahou Dun». The weapon in his hand was a «Norinco CQ». Though this was a veteran with amazing skill, he was in such a shocked state that his sturdy chin was unable to move up. It couldn’t be helped that he had such a reaction, as the one magazine of bullets he fired was deflected by the lightsaber, a weapon anyone thought would just be for show.
“Impossible~!”
Xiahou Dun’s stern ancient Chinese general-like face that had a beard let out a voice that didn’t fit the times and then hid back into the shadows of the rock. Kirito lowered his head, glanced at Sinon, shrugged his shoulders and said,
“We’ll take care of that guy. I’ll rush in. You’ll be in charge of covering fire.”
“…I understand.”
Now things just got interesting. What will happen next?
Though Sinon had this thought, she still set her cheek against the wooden stock of her beloved gun.

Chapter 11
“They haven't really caught onii-chan on camera—”
Lyfa said as she shook her blond pigtail that had a slight green tinge to it, and beside her, Silica was moving the cat ears that came out from her light brown hair to respond to her.
“That's really unexpected...I thought Kirito-san would definitely go in and show all his skills.”
“No no no. Don't think of him like that. That guy is really calculative. Maybe he's hiding somewhere and waiting for the number of participants to drop before coming up.”
Klein, who was in the bar counter at the corner of the room, said casually. Asuna, who was sitting at the center of the room with Lyfa and Silica, gave a wry smile on hearing this.
“Kirito-kun couldn't possibly do such a thing...I think..”
Asuna said softly. At that moment, the small pixie that was sitting on Asuna's left shoulder started to flap her membrane thin wings. This was the AI Yui, who was Asuna's and Kirito's «daughter».
“That's right. Papa would definitely move behind the enemy at a speed the camera couldn't even catch and launch a quick attack!”
On hearing that logical conclusion from Yui, Lisbeth who was sitting to the left started laughing,
“Ahaha, that's rather possible too. Also, he's using a sword instead of a gun in a game full of gun weaponry.”
At that moment, everyone imagined Kirito’s situation, and then the room was filled with hearty laughter. The small dragon 'Pina' was curled up on Silica's lap.
It had been a long time since these five people and a pixie gathered together, and right now, they weren't in the real world, but the VRMMO RPG «ALfheim Online» everyone had joined. The vast virtual world inside ALO contained a giant «World Tree» on the map, and there was even a city in the sky called the «Yggdrasil City». Kirito and Asuna rented a room together in a corner of that city, and this became the gathering place tonight.
As expected of a room that cost 2,000 Yurudo monthly, the inside was rather vast. The wooden floor was polished brightly, and a sofa set was placed in the middle of the room. There was also a private bar counter against the wall. There were numerous wine bottles on the shelves. They were found amongst the pile of goods Klein obtained in the virtual world from the lands of the 9 different spirits and the underground Jötunheimr. It's said that there's a fantastical item that 'wouldn't make anyone drunk and yet tastes better than a 30-year-old Scotts Whiskey'. Of course, the under aged Asuna still couldn't understand the value of these wines.
The south side of the room was an entire wall of glass, and normally, this would allow for a wonderful view of the Yggdrasil city. But today, they couldn't enjoy the night scenery of this city. That's because that glass wall could also become a large screen which was airing the scene from another world. That was—the network TV «MMO Stream» telecasting the live view of the «3rd Bullet of Bullets» tournament in «Gun Gale Online».
The main aim for today's gathering was to cheer for Kirito, who went to take part in this tournament without saying anything, and also critique his behavior outside. Unfortunately, their ally, the axe warrior Agil wasn't here as the café bar he was running in the real world was at its busiest. Even so, Asuna herself wasn't at home, but logged in from the 2nd floor of his shop, «Dicey Café». This was to allow her to catch Kirito who was in the middle of the city somewhere and lecture him good.
“But why did that Kirito move his avatar from ALO to GGO just to participate in the tournament?"
Lisbeth was holding a glass cup that was full of jade-colored grape wine as she said that with a puzzled tone. On her left, Lyfa then shot Asuna a look. Right now, only Asuna, Lyfa and Yui knew that Kirito received a request by a friend in ALO, the Undine water mage «Chrysheight»—actually, the person controlling the avatar was an officer of the 'Virtual Division', Kikuoka Seijirou—to investigate GGO. From the way Lyfa gave the 'I'll leave it to you' look, Asuna pondered for a while before answering,
“Well...it seemed that he received some strange job. I heard that he had to investigate some VRMMO, or rather, the current state of «The Seed Nexus». GGO is the only game with a «Money Trading System», so it was chosen to be investigated.”
These were exactly the words that Kirito had said, but Asuna didn't think that this was the truth. Of course, she didn’t feel that Kirito would lie to her, but that didn’t mean he wasn't hiding something crucial from her. A few days ago, after they finished their date and were about to head home, Kirito explained the reason why he had to switch games, and at that moment, Asuna could tell from Kirito's expression, tone, and attitude that there was something going on.
At that time, she told herself not to ask too many questions as there must be a certain reason why Kirito couldn't say it out. Also, Asuna believed that the reason would definitely not betray her trust.
Thus, Asuna merely said 'do your best' before watching Kirito leave. Right now, she could only hang out with a few good friends, wait in a distant world, and watch the live telecast—
But she couldn't deny that she had been feeling extremely anxious for some reason during the past few days.
It wasn't that she didn't trust Kirito, but a rather vague premonition. Something was about to happen, no, it really will happen. It was like that maze area in Aincrad in the past, being surrounded by a large number of monsters outside the search range as they gradually move in—
Asuna's voice and expression shouldn't have revealed her worry, but as her good friend, Lisbeth could have felt that something wasn't right through her sixth sense as she nodded with an ambiguous expression.
“I see...working. That guy is a person who can immediately get used to any game and is rather suited for this kind of work...”
“But there's no need to take part in a PvP tournament all of a sudden, right? If it were just investigation work, he should be talking on the streets to other players.”
On hearing Klein, who was waiting at the wall, ask this question, the four of them, including Asuna and Lyfa felt puzzled too. A while later, Silica then stuttered and said,
“Maybe he...intends to earn a large amount of money by winning this tournament and test the money trading system? I once heard that the minimum exchange rate was rather high...”
On hearing these words, Yui, who was on Asuna's shoulder, immediately quipped,
“The official website didn't have any records, but according to news on other websites, the lowest exchange value is 100,000 points in GGO, and the exchange rate to yen is 100 to 1, so it can be exchanged for 1,000 yen. The operating company seemed like they would be sending the added value digital money over to the players log-in email. The prize for winning this tournament is 3 million points, and so it would be 30,000 yen in exchange.”
Yui said that rather simply, but that was the outcome she had after searching through the vast network database. Her search ability and detailed accuracy of information was something even «search experts» could never match up to. It's no wonder that Kirito would often ask her to do his assignment reports, and actually, Asuna and the rest would occasionally do that.
“Thank you, Yui-chan.”
Asuna patted the pixie's head with her finger and pondered as she said,
“It seems like the money trading system isn't really complicated...we also send encrypted digital money over through e-mail. Kirito-kun shouldn’t have to investigate it personally...”
“Maybe he got lured by the 30k prize money.”
On hearing Klein make such a direct remark, everyone gave a wry smile. Lisbeth immediately shot him a 'Kirito's not like you' and continued on normally.
“But in terms of a large PvP tournament, it's normally impossible to come up on a top ranking position through hiding somewhere. I remember ALO had this sort of tournament, and if they hide in the same place, there will be some sort of searching magic that will be automatically activated and won't allow them to hide, right?”
“...And to be honest, onii-chan's personality wouldn't allow him to do that. If he hears someone fighting, he couldn't possibly be patient enough to wait around and hide at a certain spot.”
As expected of Lyfa who lived with Kirito for a long time, her words were really convincing. Everyone felt that Kirito really was this sort of person.
As they were thinking, on the large screen that should be about 300 inches wide, there were many live telecasts flashing through. As it was a shooter game, they would normally record the live telecast from somewhere behind the player. As the camera follows the player, the bottom of the screen would show the name of the player. However, the screen that was divided into 16 different telecasts never showed 'Kirito's name'. The camera would normally show people fighting, and they knew that during the 30 minutes up till now, Kirito hadn’t fought yet.
Did he become cautious after moving from a world full of swords and magic into an unfamiliar world of guns? But the Kirito she knew was someone who would accept a challenge no matter the circumstances. Like what Lyfa said, it's rare to take part in such a large scale tournament, so it's impossible for him to not meet any other players during the 30 minutes and hide. If he went off to fight against the hot favorite of the tournament and got beaten splendidly—that would fit his personality, but the participant list on the right side of the screen showed that Kirito's status was 'Alive'.
“...Which means that there's a more important objective than being heavily involved in the tournament?”
As Asuna muttered, the center of the 16 screens displayed a battle that was at its climax.
The main player involved was called 'Dyne'. He readied a machine gun on the end of a red rusted metal bridge and continued to fire. However, the enemy who was dressed in blue and white clothing easily leaped onto the bridge like a Cait Sith before closing in on him. Then, the enemy fired the large gun that those criminals in Hollywood movies would use and finished off Dyne.
At this moment, Lisbeth seemed to be watching the same image, and she whistled.
“Wow, that person is really amazing. Looks like GGO is rather interesting too. I don't know if I can create my own guns...”
Like how she was in SAO, Lisbeth's avatar was a Leprechaun blacksmith. This sounded just like her, causing Asuna to chuckle,
“Hey hey, don't you even think of moving to GGO. There're still many levels of New Aincrad to explore!”
“That's right, Liz-san! They're opening an update above level 20!”
Even Silica, who was next to Lyfa, spoke up to stop her. Lisbeth could only raise her hands and surrender.
“I got it, I got it. I'm just thinking that 'there're such strong people no matter what kind of game it is~' . That blue guy just now should be one of the favorites for this tournament...”
Just as she said that, the «blue guy» in the same screen actually collapsed.
The cameras immediately focused on this blue player who collapsed onto the floor. There was also the name 'Pale Rider' there.
Though he collapsed, he didn't look like he was dead. At this moment, a slight spark seemed to climb out from the bullet hole in his right shoulder. It seemed like the player's action was sealed.
“It's just like the wind magic «Lightning Curtain Seal»...”
On hearing the Sylph mage fighter Lyfa say this, the Salamander swordsman Klein immediately shook that red hair that was made upright by the low-quality headband, and said,
“I hate those things the most. And besides, that tracking ability is too good already, isn't it!?”
“You hate all sorts of weakening spells! Increase your anti-magic ability a bit, will you?”
“Fuun, who cares about you? A warrior like me won't choose a skill with the word 'magic'. I won't choose it even if you kill me!”
“I say, many warriors in old RPGs were warriors who knew black magic!”
Asuna could only give a wry smile as she watched Klein and Lisbeth quarrel. She reached her right hand out and towards that image that was worth noticing before expanding it out with two fingers. The image of Pale Rider on the floor immediately became bigger as the other images were pushed to the side.
It's been more than 10 seconds ever since he was suddenly numbed, but there wasn't anyone who appeared in the camera. They could only see tea-colored earth, the metal bridge, the river that flows below and the forest on the far opposite side that was blurred by the dust—
*PAM!*
This sound that suddenly rang caused the 5 people to jerk in shock. At this moment, a black cloth entered the camera screen from the left. The camera then panned backwards, and the new character finally appeared on the last screen.
“...Phantom...?”
Was that hoarse voice from Lisbeth, Silica—or Asuna herself?
It was a guy with a dark-grey tattered mantle that danced with the wind. The inside of the head was completely covered by the shadow, which made it hard to tell. They could only see two will-o-wisp like red eyes deep inside. This looked way too similar to the phantom-type monsters that everyone had trouble with in the past at Aincrad.
Asuna blinked and then again looked at the screen. Of course, the person standing there wasn't a phantom, but a player who was taking part in the tournament. This tattered mantle guy should be the one who used an electric bullet to immobilize Pale Rider. ALO had mage fighters who used many binding spells from long range to seal the enemy and finish it off from close range. This was a rather popular ability skillset in a game.
The tattered mantle guy seemed to confirm Asuna's thoughts as he reached his right hand into his mantle near his chest and then pulled out a black gun. However, if that was the main weapon that's able to deal damage to the enemy, it's a little...what...
“...Too painful, isn't it?”
At the corner of the room, Klein seemed to be feeling the same way and raised his doubt. He rubbed the moustache on his chin, and said
“Either way, the sniper rifle on his shoulder just looks way more powerful. Wouldn't finishing off the enemy with that gun be easier...?”
“Maybe bullets are expensive? Isn't ALO like this? There're a lot of catalysts that are required for a large spell.”
As everyone considered what Lyfa said, the mantle guy flicked the hammer behind the black gun and pointed the gun at Pale Rider, who was still on the floor.
However, he seemed to be taunting the enemy—or the audience's mood as he still hadn't squeezed the trigger. He raised his left hand, doing something unexpected. He pointed his thumb at his forehead, chest, left shoulder and right shoulder in order.
At this moment—
Asuna felt a little numbness deep inside her mind.
It wasn't just some special hand sign. It was merely an ordinary «Cross». Besides seeing this in Western movies, there were many professional healer-type players in VRMMO who often do this to cast magic. Of course, a real Christian who sees this would feel really unhappy about this , but Asuna wasn't a Christian, and the feeling just now wasn't of anger of unhappiness. If she had to say it—it felt like her fingers undid a knot that wasn't supposed to be removed...
Asuna's body got tense unknowingly as she widened her eyes. She watched the mantle guy on the screen finish drawing the Sign of the Cross and then put his left hand on the side of the handgun. He took half a step back on his right foot, turned his side to Pale Rider, and squeezed the trigger—
“Ah...?”
Someone suddenly let out a shocked voice.
The mantle guy seemed to be thinking about something as he suddenly bent backwards.
However, 0.1 second later, Asuna and the rest immediately knew why he had to do this. There was a large orange bullet that flew in from outside the screen. It grazed past the open mantle, through where the heart of the avatar was supposed to be and instead traveled through the empty air..
Someone must have sniped at the mantle guy from far away. Also, Asuna saw that the bullet seemed to be coming from the left rear side of him. He actually dodged that attack with such an angle and speed brilliantly, and even though the game world was different, she knew that that was a rather impressive technique.
The mantle guy dodged the bullet that was suddenly shot at him and then lifelessly brought his body back up. He then glanced to the left rear side. Though the face couldn't be seen from deep within the hood because of the shadows, Asuna could feel that he was giving a frivolous smile.
At this moment, a sharp pain occurred deep inside Asuna's mind.
—What's going on? What's with this feeling? Is this...a memory? But how's that possible...I've never been to GGO before. I haven't even seen the game screencaps...
The mantle guy looked like he wanted to shoot through Asuna's doubts as he again raised his handgun.
This time, he finally squeezed the trigger at the player who collapsed due to numbness easily.
The dry gunshot. The bronze empty cartridge flew out and landed on the barren land beside him.
The bullet that was shot hit the Pale Rider who was on the floor right in the middle, creating a small spark on him. However, this didn't look like a powerful hit that would deplete the HP completely.
A second later, Pale Rider himself proved that Asuna wasn't mistaken as he finally recovered from his numb state and turned around, putting the large gun in his right hand right in the mantle guy's chest.
“Woah, a huge comeback...”
Asuna was also predicting that things would go as what Lisbeth said.
However...
Let alone a gunshot or sparks, there wasn't even the sound of a trigger being squeezed. Pale Rider's gun rolled on the floor.
Then, the owner of the gun slowly fell to the right—before collapsing on the ground again.
Under the silver-grey helmet, they could see Pale Rider's skinny nose and tightly closed lips. His lips were trembling, and he suddenly opened his mouth. Then, there was a silent intense emotion that came from deep within his throat. Asuna's instincts were telling her that the player who was controlling this avatar was really experiencing shock and fear.
“Wha...what is happening...?”
As Lyfa cupped her mouth with her hand and said this, something even more unexpected happened. Pale Rider, who was lying flat on the floor, frozen as if a pause button was pressed, then vanished with a white static special effect.
The special effect light still remained in the air even after the avatar disappeared before forming a word. However, the word that showed 'disconnection' was stepped on by a dark black boot. The mantle guy brought his left hand back into his mantle and stepped forward.
It seemed that he knew where the camera was as he raised the handgun in his right hand and pointed at the screen. This caused Asuna to feel that the wall between the worlds of GGO and ALO—no, the real world and virtual world were destroyed, that her real body was being pointed at gunpoint, causing a chill down her back.
Within the darkness deep inside the hood, the red glowing eyes flickered. At that moment, a robotic-like voice stuttered through the screen.
“...My name, and the name of this gun, is «Death Gun»...«Death Gun»!”
The robotic voice had a twisted and intense emotion. On hearing that voice, a large crack formed deep within Asuna's memories.
That took away her breath and increased her heartbeat. Her eyes were watching the hidden face that couldn't be seen on the screen, and the face was lowering his chin. The voice rang again,
“One day, I will, appear in front of you guys, again. And then, use this gun, to bring real death to you. I have, such, a power.”
The black handgun let out a soft sound. If he squeezed the trigger now, the bullet would feel like it would really fly through the imaginary screen. This caused Asuna to be wary. The mantle guy seemed to have read through her fear and gave a smile from deep within the hood. And then, he said—
“Don't forget. Nothing's, over. Nothing, is, over—it's showtime—”
On hearing those stuttered English words, Asuna seemed to be dealt the final blow or something.
—I know that guy.
I couldn't be mistaken. I met him somewhere before. I even spoke to him. But where...
No, I know the answer already. At that floating city...Aincrad. Not the safe duplicated world that's floating in the sky of ALO now, but the real unique world I once spent 2 years in. «Sword Art Online» is not over yet. That guy basically left out these words from what he said just now.
—Who is it? Who's the player controlling that mantle avatar...?
Asuna looked lost, but she was thinking quickly. She nearly jumped up from the sofa the moment she heard something hard land on the floor.
On looking back, she found that Klein, who was sitting on the bar bench let the crystal-base cup in his right hand fall to the floor. The cup that dropped onto the floor broke into many fragments of polygons and disappeared. However, he didn't care that this expensive player made set was destroyed at all as he widened the eyes under the headband.
“Oi, what are you doing...”
Klein stopped Lisbeth from grumbling with a low and hoarse voice.
“Im...impossible...that guy...don't tell me...”
On hearing this, Asuna really jumped up from sofa. She turned and shouted at Klein,
“Klein, do you know him? Who exactly is that guy?”
“No, not really...I couldn't remember his old name...but...I can be certain...”
This swordsman had deep fear in his eyes as he looked at Asuna, and then said,
“That guy's... a member of «Laughing Coffin».”
“...!”
This time, Asuna, and even Lisbeth and Silica gasped. Even for these two girls who lived in the middle levels, the atrocities this brutal murder red guild «Laughing Coffin» committed in Aincrad left a deep impression on them.
Asuna subconsciously placed her hands on their shoulders and timidly asked Klein,
“Don...don't tell me...it's the leader of those guys, that one who used a butcher knife...?”
“No...that's «PoH». Their manner of speaking is completely different. However...that 'it's showtime' just now was the catchphrase that 'PoH' loved to say. This guy should be a high-ranking guy beside him...”
Klein seemed to be moaning about something as he finished talking then turned to look at the screen. Asuna and the other 3 looked over as well.
Right in the center of the large screen, the mantle guy kept his black handgun and started moving far away. He moved in a phantom-like gliding motion and arrived at the bridge in the far corner of the screen. However, he didn't cross directly, but went through the perimeter of the bridge before reaching the river. In contrast to the sharp shadows that were caused by the red sunset, the dark grey mantle immediately went into the shadow of the metal bridge and disappeared.
At this moment, Lyfa's weak voice broke the heavy atmosphere in the room.
“Well...what's that «Laughing Coffin»...?”
“Well...”
Silica, who was sitting beside her, explained to Lyfa, who was the only one present not an original SAO player, the killing atrocities the red guild committed and their vanquish.
On hearing that, Lyfa immediately bit her lips and looked straight at Asuna with her jade-green eyes.
“Asuna-san, I think onii-chan may know that that person existed in GGO.”
“Eh...?”
“He came back really late last night, and I felt that there was something strange about him when I reached home...maybe...he went to GGO to settle a grudge...”
On hearing those words, Asuna was immediately stunned, and this time, Lisbeth silently grabbed her hand. The girl forcefully grabbed her friend's hand to calm her down and then shook her short pink hair to raise the question she had,
“But in that case...what about the job? Didn't Kirito go to investigate GGO because of a request?”
That's right. The one who requested Kirito for this job should be the Virtual Division's Kikuoka Seijirou. Even if he was the person in charge of the «SAO Case Victims Rescue Force», he should know the relation between Laughing Coffin and the various Guilds.
But at the same time, Kirito's transfer and the existence of the mantle guy shouldn't be just a coincidence. There must be a certain link, something that made Kikuoka notice GGO and request Kirito to assist.
Asuna forcefully took a deep breath, still grabbing on to Lisbeth's hand which was holding hers and said,
“I'm going off first to see if I can contact the person who made the request of Kirito-kun.”
“Eh? Asuna-chan, do you know that person?”
“Yeah. Everyone knows him...I'll call him here to confess. He should definitely know the reason behind this. Yui-chan, while I'm gone, can you please check the relevant records of GGO to see if there's data on that mantle player?”
“Got it, mama!”
The black-haired pixie on her shoulder flew to the table and closed her eyes as she started searching through the important information through the vast network flow.
“...Then, please wait for me, everyone!”
Once Asuna finished shouting, she shook her aquamarine hair, jumped over the sofa and quickly called out her window. She again nodded at everyone and immediately pressed the log out button.
The rainbow colors immediately surrounded Asuna's body, causing her soul to fly from the World Tree in the virtual world to the distant real world.

Chapter 12
Gun Gale Online. The system for this game did not have the «Warrior» or «Mage» class like RPGs in the past.
Each player could choose to increase 6 of their «stats» like strength 'STR', agility 'AGI', vitality 'VIT' and dexterity 'DEX'. Also, there are hundreds of «skills» that include 'masteries', 'suggestion', 'first aid' and 'acrobatics', forming one's own build. In a sense, this means that there were as many classes as the number of builds.
But on the other hand, a build that wasn't planned—like having low STR and unable to equip a large machine gun and yet increasing the mastery of a heavy machine gun—would weaken one's own ability. Because of that, there would definitely be a fixed pattern where people have to attain certain statuses and skills before being able to equip certain weapons. Based on the slight differences of the skills, everyone would classify similar players as «Attacker», «Tank», «Medic», «Scout» and all sorts of names for different classes.
Though Sinon's class as a «Sniper» was extremely rare, it was one of these. To equip a large-sized sniper rifle, they have to strengthen their STR status, and then have to increase their DEX to improve their accuracy, and finally a suitable amount of AGI to get away quickly from the scene after a snipe. However, they would lose if they were discovered, so they gave up on VIT completely. As for skills, they need the necessary gun mastery and also other skills that could improve their accuracy. Of course, they gave up completely on defenses. However, there's also the possibility of a failed snipe because of the «heartbeat count system» even if the build was perfect, and this would be the hard part about this class.
Such an overly specialized class wasn't really suited for a battle royale. While aiming for an enemy far away, they could be easily approached by others. A sniper could only surrender once an attacker-type player with a submachine gun or an assault rifle rushed in. Even if a sniper barely managed to fire at the rushing enemy without aiming—which were normally unable to hit the target—the sniper would end up becoming a pincushion of bullets before they were able to get a second shot out.
Because of the above reasons, if Sinon acted on her own, she would have no chance of winning if a mid-ranged shooter who would value accuracy like the attacker «Xiahou Dun» reaches the range where the Norinco CQ would hit.
However, things were different now. Because of a chance occasion, beside her was a «lightsaber warrior» which no one else in the world of GGO would possibly have. This person looked like a black-haired beauty no matter how you looked at it—but he's actually a boy.
The 'lightsaber' was a weapon that the programmers of 'Zasker' created out of their own whims, and its range would be far less than a sniper rifle.
The attack range was as long as the blade of the saber itself, about 1.2 meters. The GGO world's smallest firearm «Remington Derringer» had a range of merely 5m, but the attack range of the lightsaber was a lot smaller than it. However, that energy blade that was glowing blue and white seemed to have power that far exceeded expectations. The fact that it was able to slice the .50BMG the Hecate fired from close range was the proof of it.
In another perspective, since it could slice any bullet apart, it would mean that this would be the strongest defensive weapon in the world. But even with the «Bullet Line», it's not easy to use a 3cm wide blade to defend against a rain of bullet that was coming at a supersonic speed.
This needed a calm prediction of the bullet lines, order, and perfect response ability to use the sword. Also, the most important thing was not to show any fear when facing a fully-automatic rifle—
What sort of training allowed him to learn such skills? Sinon really could not imagine it. No, this may not be just a VR game technique. It's when the player merged with the avatar through his own experience, belief and power of his soul.
Once he reloaded his weapon, Xiahou Dun again grabbed the CQ and started firing wildly. However, the lightsaber in Kirito's hand created numerous afterimages in the air and accurately picked out all the bullets that would hit him in the grid boxes and deflected them. Sinon could only feel that way on seeing from behind his back.
This real ability that far surpassed the barriers of the virtual world and the real world was exactly what Sinon was looking for. She learnt the calmness of a sniper, no, a coldness—ruthlessness, and then wanted to use it to crush Asada Shino's weakness. She had been moving through the wastelands during the past half year, looking for an opponent who would give her real strength.
Ever since she met Kirito yesterday, Sinon had this thought that she wanted to fight with this powerful foe with all she had, and that she would get such strength if she could win.
But at the same time, she noticed that another emotion was growing in her.
I want to know him more, I want to talk to him more. What happened in that world before Kirito arrived in GGO? What kind of life did he have in that world, what did he learn, and how did he fight his way through? No—I want to know what kind of person he is in the real world. I had never had such thoughts about anyone else while growing up...
"SINON, NOW!"
Kirito cleared off the second barrage of bullets Xiahou Dun fired and shouted, and Sinon's thoughts were brought back to the battle on hand because of that.
Her right index finger moved half consciously, squeezing the trigger of the Hecate. It was a shot crippled by her severe lack of concentration ability right now, but the distance was less than 100m, after all. Sinon couldn't possibly miss with her build based on accuracy. The bullet piereced straight through the middle of the general warrior-type armor Xiahou Dun was wearing.
In a normal battle, a player whose HP was down to zero would shatter like glass and disappear. However, the special rules of the BoB tournament specify that the corpse would be at the scene. Xiahou Dun was sent flying back after he was hit, and the helmet decoration flew in the air. As he landed on the chilly ground in a wide position, the red [Dead] tag started to spin on him.
'Fuu~', Sinon heaved a sigh and got up, changing the magazine of the Hecate which could normally hold 7 bullets, but didn't have much left. Then, she placed her rifle on her right shoulder and glanced at her temporary partner.
Kirito skillfully spun the lightsaber in his hand and placed it back at his waist buckle. The side of his face was dimly illuminated under the red sunset, and looked as enigmatic as ever. After taking a deep breath to hold back that earlier desire to know about him, Sinon quickly said,
"That battle just now will attract lots of people. We have to move quickly."
"Ok."
Kirito nodded his head and then turned his eyes to the river surface nearby.
"«Death Gun» should have headed north down this river. He probably wants to hide somewhere until after the «Satellite Scanner» works at 9pm and then choose his next target. I want to stop him before he kills... shoots someone. Can you think of a plan, Sinon?"
On hearing this sudden request, Sinon blinked a few times and then frantically thought about what she should do. Though she really couldn't think of some good idea since she didn't really understand what was going on, but she immediately opened her mouth and said,
"...No matter how mysterious his power is, «Death Gun» is still just a sniper, so he shouldn't be used to fighting in a place without cover. But if we continue moving north from here, we'll leave the forest stretch on the other side of the river. We'll continue moving up to the center of the island, the abandoned city, and it's all a grassland with great line of vision."
"In other words, he could have chosen that place as the next hunting ground... right?"
Kirito muttered and then looked over at the ambiguous buildings that were far away in the north. Though the distance effect made it look very far, it was just 3km straight on. Without bad AGI stats, they can reach there in around 10 minutes if they run and watch their surroundings.
"Alright then. We'll head towards that city too. If we run down the river, we shouldn't be spotted from both left and right sides."
"...Got it."
After Kirito nodded and said that, Sinon looked back slightly.
Dyne's «corpse» was still lying at the end of the bridge slightly far away, but the existence of the red [Dead] tag showed that he was still alive. The person who was really dead—though it could be just a possibility—was «Pale Rider» who disappeared completely.
To be honest, Sinon still couldn't believe this, but at the same time, she couldn't feel that this was all a lie.
However, there was a definite feeling within her, that during the 3rd BoB tournament, something in her would change. It's just that she didn't know what direction the change would occur—and she didn't know if the opponent who would change her would either be Kirito or that mysterious mantle guy.
Right now, she could only act on her own instinct. That's because 'instinct' was a skill that couldn't be enhanced with any build.
Though Sinon didn't boost it that much like Spiegel, her AGI wasn't that low, and it should have at least been about the same as Kirito's who should have boosted STR stats.
But eventually after running together like this for a while, Sinon had to run with all she had before catching up to the flowing black hair in front of her. To put it simply, their «basic movements» were completely different. There were cracks appearing suddenly on the numerous rocks on the riverbank, and Kirito seemed to have memorized them as he quickly dodged them or leaped over them. He would often turn his head around to match Sinon's speed, which made her all the more unhappy.
Even so, it was because of Kirito's help, running in front of her and pointing out paths that were easy to move through, that she was able to pass through the mid-south area, the grasslands. Unknowingly, the riverbed below her feet became concrete, and when she looked up, she could see the crowd of skyscrapers. They were about to enter the main battlefield of this island, the abandoned city.
"We didn't catch him."
Kirito slowed down and said softly to Sinon. He was somewhat hoping to meet «Death Gun» who went underwater and head towards the city, and attack him while he was unarmed.
"...Maybe we went past him somewhere..."
Once Sinon answered, Kirito turned over, gave a deep thought, watched the river flow behind him, and said,
"No, that's impossible. I checked the water while we were running."
"Is-is that so..."
Speaking of which, a person couldn't stay under water for more than a minute without an aqualung. The large sniper rifle Death Gun was carrying shouldn't allow for more space to carry one. Then, he must have slipped into the river below the metal bridge, swam north together with the water flow that was heading there, and then got up before running into the abandoned city.
"—That means he should be lying in ambush somewhere inside this city. The river flow stops there."
The river in front of Sinon became a drain that flowed to the city's underground, and the entrance of the underground drain had sturdy metal bars there, which any player could tell that it wasn't to be entered. That obstacle couldn't be destroyed even if hundreds of plasma grenades were thrown.
"I see... there's still 3 minutes till the scan. We can't avoid the satellite scan if we stay in this dump, right?"
Sinon considered Kirito's question and then nodded her head forcefully.
"Right. During the last tournament, the map would show even the 1st level of a tower. If there's really a need to hide, it'll be water that's extremely dangerous or a cave. Other than that, there's no other way to avoid the scan."
"Okay. Once the scan locks onto Death Gun's position, we can immediately attack to stop him from firing. I'll run straight at him. Please provide covering fire then."
"...I'm fine with that..."
Sinon shrugged, but after that, grabbed Kirito who had been waiting for this chance and said,
"But there's a small problem. Haven't you forgotten that «Death Gun» is not that guy's real character name? If you don't know the name, you can't track his position through radar."
"U...Tha-That's right."
The lightsaber warrior crumpled his beautiful eyebrows and sank into deep thought.
"In fact... amongst the 30 participants, you don't know three of them, right, Sinon? Amongst these three, the «Pale Rider» I was tracking wasn't Death Gun. Which means that remaining two... «Jyuushi X» and «Sterben», one of them is Death Gun... if there's only one person in the city, it'll definitely be him..."
"If both of them are present, we don't have time to hesitate. Now we have to decide which side we want to attack. Well—I just thought of something..."
Sinon coughed dryly a few times and continued,
"...If you read «Jyuushi» backwards, wouldn't it become «Death Gun»[3], and «X» can be read as «Cross», which is the Cross that guy drew... no, things shouldn't be that simple..."
"Hm... but most of the character names in VRMMO were randomly created. Someone like me merely modified my own real name... what about you?"
"...Me too."
They stared at each other with a strange expression, and then coughed dryly a few times,
Kirito seemed to be undecided as he sighed and said,
"If that guy called «Sterben» was really a foreigner like what his name indicated. Are there players from overseas in BoB?"
"Well..."
Sinon looked at her watch. There were less than two minutes before the next scan, so she tried her best to explain as quickly as possible.
"During the first tournament, we could choose American (US) or Japan (JP) servers, but there were still a few foreigners who played the Japanese version. I hadn't played GGO then, but from what I heard from Shi... Spiegel, the winner of the first BoB was a foreigner. That person seemed really strong. He managed to kill off all the Japanese with a knife and a handgun..."
"I see... what's his name?"
"I believe, Sato... Satori or something weird like that. But when I started playing, the Japanese server only allowed those in Japan to connect to it, so the players from the 2nd round and the 3rd round this time are all Japanese... or at least, living in Japan. Though that «Sterben» was written alphabetically, he should be Japanese."
"I see..."
Kirito blinked hard and looked like he finally decided as he said this,
"Okay, if both of them are at the dump, we'll head to «Jyuushi X». You don't have to panic when I get stunned by the stun bullet like Pale Rider, so just get ready to snipe. Death Gun will definitely use that black handgun for the final hit, so use that chance to hit him."
"Eh..."
On hearing those words, Sinon immediately forgot that there was less than 1 minute left as she widened her eyes. She looked at the black eyes beside her and asked,
"...Why are you so..."
Trusting of me? However, Sinon could not let out the voice at the latter end—
"...I may not attack Death Gun and snipe you from behind, you know..."
Kirito lifted his eyebrows in an unexpected manner and smiled
"I know that you won't do that. Come on... it's about time. I'll leave it to you then, partner."
The black-coated lightsaber user then patted Sinon on the left hand and then walked towards the stairs as he wanted to move from the riverbed to the street.
The place that was touched felt mysteriously hot and painful as the fingers from yesterday, but Sinon chased after the figure wordlessly. Though she told herself that this was an enemy countless times since yesterday, she did not have that feeling anymore.
On the upper levels of the short concrete steps, Sinon and Kirito crouched down at a position that couldn't be seen from the street and waited for the 4th «Satellite Scanner».
Her right hand held onto the device as she watched the watch on her left hand. Right now the time is 8.59pm 55 seconds... 56, if the proceedings of the finals was as fast as last year, it should be about time to enter the second half, which meant that there were only half the number of players left. In fact, she could even hear gunshots and explosions from the abandoned city. However, the sounds finally stopped for now, so everyone should be hiding in the shadows and watching the device.
58 seconds, 59 seconds, 9pm sharp.
The device map showed numerous white and grey dots.
"Kirito, check the north!"
After saying that softly, Sinon then touched the two gathered spots that were at the soutern-most part of the street. The names that were on them were naturally [Kirito] and [Sinon]. As a battle couldn't last for more than 15 minutes, the other players should know that these two weren't fighting, but working together as partners. Even though this wasn't against the rules and there were many instances of players working with each other, the rest would have the thought that 'this Sinon would actually work together with others'. She couldn't help but pray that they won't be caught on camera together.
—She abandoned those unnecessary thoughts and quickly checked through the names. «No-no», «Yamikaze», «Huuka», «Masaya»...these were all famous players Sinon knew of. The names she was looking for weren't in this city, so that would mean that their hypothesis was wrong—
No.
"...Got it!"
As Sinon shouted this, Kirito's voice answered in perfect unison.
The center of the street had a round building perimeter that looked like a stadium. A light spot remained in what looked like a perfect sniping position. As Sinon touched it with her finger, the name of the character appeared—«Jyuushi X».
She immediately exchanged glances with Kirito, but immediately returned back to her device. To check through the information again, Sinon continued to move her fingers north, and Kirito moved south at the same time. 5 seconds later, they lifted heads at the same time.
"«Jyuushi X» is the only one in this city for now."
Kirito then answered Sinon with a nervous voice,
"Yeah, looks like «Sterben» is not here. In other words, «Jyuushi X» is the «Death Gun», and the prey is..."
Kirito used his finger to point at his own device, showing a building that's slightly west from the stadium in the center—the name was «Ricolo». Being alone, if he wanted to move his hiding place to somewhere else, he would have to put himself in shooting range of «Jyuushi X».
As Sinon nodded her head, the light that represented Ricolo started moving to the exit of the building. Once he stepped onto the road, he would be immediately hit by the L115 sniper rifle stun bullet. They had to stop Death Gun no matter what before he fired that black handgun.
Kirito kept his device and looked at Sinon. He looked like he had something to say, but he merely said,
"Please cover me."
"Understood."
Sinon answered simply and got up. She then moved up the stairs where Kirito was in front of, observed the surroundings, and moved her right hand to indicate that they should move on before rushing up the steps.
The official name of this lone island that became the grand stage of the tournament finals was the «ISL Ragnarok».. Right now, the ancient city was right in the middle of it, and it should be modelled after famous cities from the world like New York City. There were many skyscrapers that mixed all sorts of functions with traditional beauty, and there were numerous English adverts and bulletins. Of course, these things had become old and were covered by weeds and sand.
Sinon and Kirito tried their best to run up the river that became the drain. Right now, other than the two of them, Death Gun and his target, there were also 5 or 6 players in this city. However, they wouldn't care about that. Luckily, the scan just now did not show anyone who could immediately move to their position. Also, those broken yellow taxis and large buses on the road could act as perfect cover. Both of them moved through like this and continued north.
This abandoned city was about 700m in radius, and with the assistance of AGI boost, both of them covered this distance in less than a minute. They could see a large round building, and that was their destination. The stadium was in the center. Sinon gave the hand signals, and they ran into the shadow of the bus before observing the surroundings through the broken windshield.
The stadium wall was about 3 stories tall, and there was an exit at the north, south, east and west areas. If Jyuushi X did not move away after using the Satellite Scanner, he should be waiting above the west exit. Sinon widened her eyes and stared at the top of the outer wall. With the improved vision skill 'Hawk Eye', the distance effect of an object would be reduced, and the visual identification rate would increase. She found that there was something like a gun muzzle in a triangular hole on a damaged concrete wall, and behind the hole—
"...Got it. Over there."
Undoubtedly, the sniper rifle's barrel was under the place where the sunset shone. At this moment, Kirito seemed to recognize the thing Sinon saw and whispered softly like her,
"Looks like he's still waiting for «Ricolo». Okay... I'll use this chance to attack him from behind. Sinon, get ready to snipe at the building opposite this street."
"Eh... I can go into the stadium too...'
Though Sinon objected, she was immediately interrupted by Kirito's strong and forceful expression.
"This is a battle where you can use your ability to its maximum. I trust that you'll definitely use your gun to cover me when I'm in trouble, so I can fight with that guy. This is what partners are for."
"..."
Once these words were out, Sinon could only nod her head and agree with Kirito's plan. He smiled, glanced at his watch and continued,
"We'll begin action 30 seconds after I leave. Is that enough?"
"...Yeah, that's enough."
"Okay, I'll leave it to you then."
Then, the black-haired swordsman moved his back away from the bus without hesitation—
He looked straight at Sinon from the front, and then ran to the southern exit of the stadium without seemingly letting out any footsteps.
Sinon watched his slender back profile gradually move away, and felt something strange deep within her. Was this nervousness? Or anxiety? They were similar, yet different. This was—right, it's fear...
How is it possible! What am I scared of!?
Sinon gritted her teeth and forcefully chided herself.
—In order to win in this BoB tournament and become the strongest player in the world, this had to be done. I need to eliminate this Death Gun who's using some unknown power outside the system to mess with the tournament, so I have to work together with Kirito for now. The moment we succeed, that lightsaber warrior will become my enemy again. Once I meet him again after that, I will squeeze this trigger without hesitation, take him down and forget about him. That's because I won't meet him again.
While forcing down the sharp pain near her heart, Sinon started running. Amongst the buildings on the streets, there were two kinds, the accessible ones and the inaccessible ones. The buildings that could be entered would definitely have a place where one could tell that it was an entrance. This building in the southwest position from the stadium, separated by a ring road, had a large hole in a wall that collapsed. Once she entered, she would climb up to the 3rd level, and she should be able to see the path on the wall of the stadium. The two positions were really too close, and normally speaking, it's likely that she would be spotted if she sniped here. But even for someone as strong as Death Gun, he had to notice the surroundings when he fights against Kirito. Once she finds an opening, she would shoot without hesitation. Then, she would leave the slum and meet up with Kirito somewhere else. This should be enough...
Even though Sinon tried to take action coolly like usual...
Her heart was already taken up by an emotion that was different from usual.
As she was about to move through the collapsed hole in the tower wall, she felt a sharp chill behind her back. The moment she was about to turn around, Sinon found that she had collapsed onto the road.
—What's happened... why am I on the ground...?
She couldn't recover immediately.
There were goosebumps on her back... there seemed to be something glowing on the left side of her vision field...she raised her left hand in reflex, and the exterior of the arm received a strong hit. Once Sinon realized that she got hit, she immediately intended to run back into the tower. However, her feet couldn't move for some reason and she immediately fell back.
After finally realizing the current situation, Sinon tried to get up immediately, but her body just couldn't respond to command at all. It seemed that she could only move her eyes. She tried to look at her left arm to check the front shoulder that was hit.
There was something that pierced through the desert-colored jacket sleeve and had pierced into the arm—it was more like a silvery needle-like thing than a bullet. It was only 5mm in diameter and about 50mm in length. The base created a thread-like spark that came with a sharp vibration that let out blue and white sparks, and these sparks spread from Sinon's shoulder to her entire body. This was—
A stun bullet.
This was the special bullet that numbed Pale Rider. Assault rifles, machine guns or handguns couldn't load it, and only a few large sniper rifles could use it. However, Sinon never heard the gunshot. There should be only a few players in GGO who had a large sniper rifle that came with a suppressor.
Even if Sinon thought of this, she still couldn't believe that the one who hit her was 'that person'. The stun bullet came from the south direction of the road, but that guy should be in the north perimeter of the stadium. He shouldn't have recognized Sinon's existence and should have been aiming at another target. Based on the Satellite Scanner at 9pm, Sinon could conclude that there were no other players who could have attacked her from the south. Whether it was «No-no», «Huuka» or «Yamikaze», they would need lots of time to break through this heavily collapsed area.
This was really inexplicable. Why—who—how did he do it?...
What answered Sinon's question weren't words, but a scene that appeared in front of her eyes after that.
About 20m south, there were a few light sparks in the space where nothing was supposed to be. And then, a person suddenly appeared in front of her like he ripped the world apart.
Sinon's throat that couldn't let out a voice continued to pant and scream silently.
—Metamaterial Optical Camouflage!
It could hide itself by refracting the light that shone on the surface, and it was said to be the ultimate camouflage ability. But that should be a skill only a few high level boss monsters have. Did they have such a monster in the middle of this battle of the 3rd BoB tournament? But she never heard this news before.
*Swoosh!*
The dark-grey cloth that was blowing in the wind interrupted Sinon's extremely confused thoughts.
That was a mantle that looked rather tattered and worn out, and there was also the same grey color that covered the head. Sinon could only remain like this and watch the attacker who removed his optical camouflage and showed his identity. This person was the «Mantle» guy who shouldn't have been here.
—«Death Gun»
The 'Silent Assassin' who a few minutes ago caused Pale Rider to disappear, and could have also killed the previous tournament winner «Zekushiido» and the leader of a large squadron «Usujio Tarako».
From underneath the slightly fluttering mantle, she could see the large sniper rifle that reached down to near his shoes and the silencer that was equipped in front of it. If that large mantle had an optical camouflage ability, he could cloak the entire rifle after preparing it, making it possible for him to shoot while invisible. No, that's not all to it. He could avoid even the Satellite Scanner while camouflaged. Otherwise, there would have been a light displayed around this area during the scan earlier.
That means that this mantle guy—«Death Gun» wasn't «Jyuushi X»...?
...Kirito
Sinon called this lightsaber warrior who should be in the stadium behind her, ready to attack Jyuushi X. Of course, she wouldn't get any response.
*Paa..Paa..* The footsteps rang in her ears. The mantle guy seemed to glide over as he approached. Deep inside the darkness of that hood, she could see two dark red lights flickering irregularly.
«Death Gun», stopped about 2m in front of Sinon, and was standing there like a phantom.
The muttering that was like metal rubbing against each other came from the face that couldn't be seen.
"...Kirito, now, I can tell, if you're, the real one, or, a fake."
It seemed that the mantle guy already knew that Kirito was at the stadium. These words were said to him instead of Sinon that was laying in front of him. That monotonous voice continued in an interrupted manner, and though it was flat, one could feel an intense emotion hidden inside it.
"I remember, when you, went berserk. Once I kill this woman... who is your friend, once you go berserk like that again, you'll be the, real Kirito. Come... let me see it, let me witness that blade of yours, full of anger, killing intent and madness."
Sinon seemed like she couldn't understand the meaning behind his words.
But the terrifying declaration of the mantle guy made the girl recover from her shock and bewilderment.
—He wants to kill me? This hermit that uses optical camouflage wants to kill me?
Sinon had a flame of anger burning inside her, and the heat even started to overwhelm the numbness.
The stun bullet still had lots of sparks left, but perhaps that's because the part that was hit was the left arm. If she tried a little harder, maybe her right arm should be able to move slightly. Luckily, the support weapon Sinon had on her waist, the MP7 submachine gun was near her right hand, so maybe she still had a chance to hold it and squeeze the trigger. In such a short distance, she should be able to take him down once she finished firing an entire magazine.
Move, move!!
Perhaps Sinon's movement frequency moved from her brain to the AmuSphere and surpassed the numbness as her right arm started to move slightly. Her fingers had already touched the rather familiar MP7 grip.
But at this moment, Death Gun slowly raised the left hand that was empty-handed from under the mantle, using two fingers to touch the forehead underneath the hood. Sinon then noticed that there was a light blue 3-layered circle floating device above Death Gun, and the red [REC] line continued to flicker. That was a live camera feed. The numerous audience from within and outside GGO were watching Death Gun draw the winning Cross sign and Sinon who collapsed in an embarrassing manner.
The skinny left hand that had a black leather glove passed through the chest and reached for the left shoulder.
During this time, Sinon finally grabbed the grip of the MP7.
Of course, there were safeties on the guns in GGO, but it was much more common to see a quick attack than a misfire, so almost everyone kept their safety off. Of course, Sinon was the same. Now, she just needed to aim and squeeze the trigger. There's still time. I can make it.
Death Gun, who finally finished drawing the Cross sign, placed his right hand back into the mantle and got ready to draw it out. Sinon had also used the numb right hand to try and grab the MP7. She nearly dropped the gun a few times while lifting it out, but barely managed to hang on. This time, the mini-SMG which was nearly 1.4kg felt as heavy as a mountain. However, Death Gun probably had to cock the gun. Once she spotted that moment and fired—
However—
At this moment, Death Gun pulled out his right hand from the mantle. The moment Sinon saw that black automatic handgun in his hand, her body and right arm immediately froze like ice.
Why? That was just an ordinary handgun. I faced handguns stronger than this, pointing at me, like the «Desert Eagle» and the «M500». There's nothing to be scared of. Hold that MP7 again, put that gun at the enemy and squeeze the trigger.
Sinon tried to convince herself like this and again tried to move her right arm—
But just when she was about to take action...
Death Gun placed his left hand on the sleeve, and this movement just revealed the left side of the handgun to Sinon. More accurately, the metal grip that was serrated and the little carving at the center of the grip was revealed.
The carving was a circle, and there was a star in the middle.
A black star.
The Blackstar, type 54—that gun.
Why... Wh-Why-Why-Why is-Why is that gun here?


She lost her strength and let it slip out of her right hand, her final hope, the SMG. However, Sinon could not even hear the sound of the gun dropping.
*Gachink*. The hammer was cocked. The left hand of the mantle guy was holding the grip like this, and then pointed the gun from the side at Sinon in a Weaver Stance. Suddenly, there was a strange distortion from the darkness inside the mantle and hood. The dark space seemed to sway like glue, dripping and finally showing two eyes.
The whites of the eyes were bloodshot, and the pupils were small. Those enlarged eyes looked just like a bottomless pit.
It was that man. That man who, 5 years ago, took the gun—the Type-54 pistol to barge into a little post office in a city, in the north, to shoot Shino's mother. At that time, the young Shino lost all self-awareness and leaped at the gun, snatched it and squeezed the trigger to kill that man—those eyes were just like the man.
—He's here. He's right here. He's hiding in this world, waiting for the chance to take revenge.
It wasn't just the right hand as she lost even more of all her senses. The red sunset and grey ruins gradually vanished, leaving behind only the eyes and the gun in the darkness.
The girl's heart seemed to be beating even louder. If she fainted now, the safety function of the AmuSphere would cause Sinon to log out automatically. However, her consciousness was clear as she waited for the Blackstar's trigger to be squeezed. The gun let out a sound, *kiriri*. Once that finger moved a few more inches, the hammer would hit the firing pin, firing the .30 caliber metal bullet. That wasn't damage in terms of value, but a real bullet. It would shoot through Sinon/Shino's heart inside and outside the game, stopping it, killing her.
Just like what Shino did to that man that day.
That was an unavoidable fact. Even if she did not play GGO, she would be caught up by this man in some place. Her efforts were all in vain. No matter how much she struggled to break free from her past, it was meaningless.
Just when her consciousness was giving up—
A flicker of feelings, as small as fine sand, still remained.
I don't want to give up. I don't want everything to end here. I finally managed to understand the meaning of «strength» and battle. If I can remain with that guy and watch him, one day, I'll...
Sinon's thoughts were finally interrupted by the gunshot that shook the sky.
She did not know where she was hit, but still closed her eyes, waiting for her consciousness to fade.
However—
The mantle guy in front of her was the one who shook.
«Those eyes» in his hood disappeared, becoming red dots again. The right shoulder of the mantle was flickering with some orange damage special effect. So someone shot «Death Gun», just when Sinon was wondering who it was, the second gunshot followed. The bullet that flew this time grazed past the left shoulder of the mantle guy. From the sound of it, the gun caliber must be pretty big. The mantle guy immediately crouched down and hid into the large hole of the tower.
Sinon could see the actions of Death Gun from her position. He placed the Blackstar back into his gun holster, pulled out the L115 on his back and quickly reloaded the magazine. It seemed that he wanted to switch the stun bullets into the sure-kill .338 Lapua bullets. The enemy's fluid movements in readying that large sniper rifle made Sinon, a fellow sniper, feel rather impressed. After aiming, he squeezed the trigger without hesitation.
A silenced *whoosh* gunshot and the third attack occurred at the same time. But this time, the enemy did not attack with a gun. Something that looked like a can rolled onto the road between Sinon and Death Gun—a grenade. Death Gun immediately moved inside the building once he saw that.
Sinon could only close her eyes. If the grenade exploded here at such a distance, she would suffer rather serious injuries. However, it would be better than being shot by Death Gun's Blackstar. That's right; she might as well die like this. To retreat from this tournament, and then retreat from GGO, no, VRMMO, and live a low-profile life in the real world, always bearing the fear of being caught up by that man one day...
However, the developments this time again betrayed Sinon's expectations.
The metal can that exploded half a second later wasn't a powerful plasma grenade an ordinary player liked to use, and neither was it a normal one or an incendiary napalm one—but one that would spout out harmless smoke.
"...!"
The white smoke immediately covered Sinon's vision, and she couldn't help but hold her breath.
This would likely be her last chance of escaping. However, the numbing effect hadn't vanished yet. Even though she should be able to move once she pulled out the bullet that's lodged in her left shoulder, Sinon couldn't get her right hand do this. And at this moment, she didn't even have a will to stand up and fight.
Sinon was unable to keep her cool and could only lie on the floor with her eyes widened until her left arm—was grabbed by someone.
This person just pulled her up roughly like that. That person threw aside the large gun Sinon wouldn't normally see and put his hand on her back. The girl didn't even have the chance to stagger before she was lifted into the person's arms along with the Hecate on her right shoulder.
An acceleration that seemed like it was going to squash her body into his followed. Hiuu! The air sounded beside her, and the surrounding smoke started to grow thinner. The moment Sinon recovered her sight again, she caught sight of the other player who was holding her in front of him, running forward.
That person had near transparent white skin, obsidian-like pupils and flowing black hair.
...Kiri, to.
Sinon wanted to call him, but was unable to make a voice. His beautiful girl-like face was showing an abnormally serious look to the—no, it was more like he was really desperate. She understood that he is straining his nervous system to exert physical movement commands to his avatar.
It's to be expected that he would be having so much trouble. Even if Kirito was a STR first-type player, and that he had only a light weight lightsaber and handgun, he would be at his limit carrying Sinon and Hecate. It was a miracle for him to be even sprinting at this point. Also, looking closely, one could tell that Kirito himself wasn't completely unscathed. The new wounds on his right and left shoulders were giving off a red dragging special effect. From the intensity of the light, the bullet caliber that hit him should be rather large. GGO was a VRMMO that originated from America, so the pain absorption rate should be rather low. With this level of damage, even if he didn't feel hurt, there should be some form of numbness on him.
...That's enough. Put me down and run away.
Even though she thought this way, the girl still could not say it out in the end. Her entire body, no, even her consciousness was completely numb.
Thus, Sinon could only blink even though she saw a large caliber bullet fly out from behind. Her sleepy mind was thinking. She didn't hear the gunshot just now, which meant that the bullet was fired from Death Gun's L115. With the effects of the smoke screen, this snipe was too accurate, which meant that he was right after them. She didn't know what sort of character the enemy was, but he couldn't be slower than Kirito who was carrying Sinon, and it would only be a matter of time before they got caught up.
Kirito himself should understand this too. However, the lightsaber warrior never intended to stop or put Sinon down. He merely gritted his teeth, breathed hard and continued to run forward.
Both of them ran to the east side of the round stadium, ready to leave from the north side of the ruins. Like the south side, there was a main road that stretched on forward. There were a few damaged cars and buses scattered all over the road, but it wasn't enough for them to leave the ruins while being completely hidden. Where is Kirito running to?...
What answered Sinon's doubt was the half-wrecked neon-light advert signboard.
The words that flickered weakly under the sunset showed the words [Rent-a-Buggy&Horse]. This was the unmanned transport rent area that the capital Gurroken also had. Amongst the 3 buggies in the motorpool, two of them were nearly completely wrecked, and only one looked like it could still be in operation.
However, that wasn't the only transportation tool for them to rent. Like what the advert said, there were even a few large four-legged animals beside the buggies—horses. But of course, these horses weren't real animals, but mechanical horses with metal frames and gears showing outside. Also, there seemed to be only one that still worked.
Kirito rushed into the motor pool and immediately hesitated over whether they should choose the 3-wheeled buggy or the mechanical horse. Sinon squeezed out a soft voice from her still-stiff mouth,
"A horse would be... too difficult. Its ability to break through obstacles is great... but it's really hard to control it."
Although it seemed that almost no one was able to control the hand-controlled 3-wheeled buggy, the mechanical horse's hard-to grasp personality would make it a lot tougher to control than a buggy. As this had no relevance to the skills of the avatar, but that of the player's own skills, a lot of time, hard work and practice would be required for them to use these transportation tools at their own will. For GGO that's only been operational for less than a year, there shouldn't be a lot of people who had so much time to practice.
On hearing Sinon's words, Kirito seemed to hesitate, but he soon nodded his head and ran towards the only three-wheeler buggy that could still work. He touched the panel screen and started the engine, let Sinon sit on the rear panel, and once he got onto his own seat, he hit the acceleration on the three-wheeler buggy. The large back wheel immediately let out a sharp rubbing sound, gave off white smoke and started spinning.
As the vehicle moved to the north road, Kirito immediately stopped and shouted,
"Sinon, can your sniper rifle destroy that horse?"
"Yes..."
Sinon pulled out the stun bullet with the right hand that finally managed to shake off the numbness and blinked her eyes. She saw the mechanical horse behind and immediately understood Kirito's intention. He was worried that the mantle guy—Death Gun would use that horse to catch up. Sinon really felt that it wasn't really possible, but she still nodded her head.
"Go... got it. I'll try..."
She used her still-trembling arms to carry the Hecate that was unstrapped, and pointed the gun at that metallic horse that was standing coldly 20m away. This was a distance where she could hit without aiming through the scope and use skill assist. As Sinon placed her hand on the trigger, the light green reticle immediately appeared. She gathered the point at the side of the horse, and her finger got ready to exert force—...
*Kachink!*
The numb feel made Sinon widen her eyes.
She couldn't squeeze the trigger. Sinon was wondering whether she accidentally turned the safety on, and turned to check the side of her beloved gun. However, that wasn't the case. The sniper then exerted force on the finger again, but the trigger felt like it was welded and knocked her right hand aside,
"Eh... why..."
*Gachink*, *gachink*
No matter how many times she tried, it was the same outcome. She stared blankly at her finger, and what appeared in front of her was an unbelievable scene. Her finger didn't even touch the trigger. The white fingertip and the smooth metal had a gap between them, several millimeters wide. And no matter how hard she exerted force, she just couldn't remove that distance...
"...I couldn't press it... why... WHY CAN'T I SQUEEZE THE TRIGGER?...!"
The voice that came from her own throat was a soft and hoarse cry.
It seemed that the one who let out the cry wasn't that ice-like sniper, but Asada Shino in the real world.
At this moment...
A figure appeared behind the thin smoke on the east side of the stadium.
The mantle on the enemy shook, and he was still holding onto a large sniper rifle. Of course, he was «Death Gun»—or maybe he could be «that guy» who borrowed this appearance.
Sinon's eyes darkened. Her legs lost their strength. Her body started to turn cold.
Ahh... how did it happen? That was an omen of a fit. Sinon, who had a different personality than the real life Shino, never had this happen to her before. It didn't even happen when she first logged in and was immediately forced to wield a gun...
"Sinon, grab on!"
Suddenly, a forceful and powerful voice sounded right as a hand grabbed her left arm hard. Sinon grabbed onto Kirito's body just like that. Then, the old fossil fuel engine immediately let out a growl. The buggy's front wheel went up and then flew as if it was shot out on the road.
Every time Kirito used his foot to step on the pedal, Sinon felt that an acceleration was making her move backwards. While surrounded by fear, she continued to maintain her consciousness and grabbed onto that skinny body with all she had. A dark force continued to try and swallow her, and the warmth that was coming from Kirito's body was the only reliance she could use to fight it.
The buggy that reached the top gear let out a sharp roar in the ruins and started to race down the street.
—Can we... really escape safely...?
Though she felt anxious inside, Sinon didn't have the courage to turn back. It was only now that she found that her body was still trembling.
The sniper girl moved her stiff fingers, ready to move the Hecate she was carrying in her right hand back onto her shoulder. At this moment, Kirito's anxious voice rang again,
" —DAMN IT, WE'RE NOT OUT OF THIS YET! DON'T RELAX!"
She looked back instinctively—
She immediately saw the mechanical horse that wasn't destroyed successfully dash out from the motor pool that was gradually drawing further away. The girl widened her eyes in disbelief, but there was no need to tell who the person on it was.
The mantle on the rider flapped like black wings of a crow. He carried the L115 on his back and held the metallic leash with both hands. That posture of kneeling down on the stirrup and moving up and down as the horse galloped looked no different from a skilled rider.
Clak, clak.
The heavy footsteps caused Sinon's to descend into confusion.
"Why?..."
He could actually ride a horse. She used to hear that even those with horse riding experience in real life would have difficulty controlling the mechanical horse in this world. However, the dark-colored horse galloped and leaped over the abandoned vehicles, chasing with a similar speed to the buggy.
That look of his made him look like he wasn't an ordinary player like Sinon, but rather, a concentration of fear within the girl's heart that was flowing out. Even though she tried to look away, she couldn't help but concentrate on the face of the rider that was 200m behind them. Sinon obviously couldn't tell the distance clearly, but she felt that she could see those eyes that were deep within the darkness of the hood and a bloody mouth revealing a smile.
"He's catching up...! Faster... get away... get away...!"
Sinon cried out with a soft wailing voice.
And Kirito seemed to be answering her request as he pushed the three-wheeler buggy to full speed. But at this moment, the rear wheel of the buggy ran over an obstacle and jumped up, causing the back to slide to the right.
Sinon screamed and tilted left instinctively, hoping to use this to balance the buggy. If the buggy skidded at this time, Death Gun would catch up to them in 10 seconds. Kirito cursed while he controlled the shaking frame of the vehicle.
The buggy let out a sharp rubbing sound and skidded left and right, and several seconds later, finally regained balance and again accelerated. However, Death Gun used this minor error to close a large part of the gap between them.
As they drove through the highway of the ruins, obstacles continued to appear as if someone was playing a prank on them, causing the buggy to continue shaking from side to side when made to drive quickly. Also, there was a layer of thin dust all over the road surface, and the wheels would lose grip once it ran over them. Every time that happened, the buggy would skid slightly to the side, and Sinon would tense up.
Even though the pursuer was under a similar condition, this road that was full of obstacles was more advantageous to the mechanical horse. Thus, the mantle guy continued to easily avoid the abandoned cars and close in on Sinon and Kirito. Also, the enemy had another advantage.
Even though the three-wheeler buggy and the mechanical horse were transportation tools that could accommodate two people, there were two people on the buggy, and one on the mechanical horse. Of course, the buggy would be slower in its acceleration.
Every time the horse appeared from behind the shadows of the obstacles, the profile that was closing in would become larger. Even though there was still some distance, Sinon still felt there was a stinging metallic sound continuing to irritate the back of her neck.
Just when both parties were 100m away from each other,
Death Gun's right hand let go of the rope and pointed something at the two of them. What he was holding was – that black handgun, «Type-54 Blackstar».
Sinon, who felt like her entire body collapsed into the freezer, couldn't get down into the buggy for cover and could only watch as the handgun was aimed at them. Her teeth were trembling, letting out irregular kakaka sounds. Fuu, the red bullet line wordlessly moved up Sinon's right cheek. She turned her head to the left without hesitation.
Then, the gun let out an orange glow like a devil with a bloody mouth—
*BAM!*
The fatal bullet dragged a sharp sound and flew towards her before gliding 10cm past Sinon's right cheek.
Even though the bullet moved past the buggy and hit the abandoned vehicle in front, the particles that floated in the air still grazed past Sinon's face. At this moment, she felt a sharp pain as if someone scattered dry ice on her.
"NOOO!!!!"
This time, Sinon finally cried out loud in anguish. She turned her eyes away from the Death God behind her and stuck her face onto Kirito's back. After that, the second bullet seemed to hit the rear fender of the buggy, and they could feel a strong jerk on their feet.
"No... save me... save me..."
Sinon curled up like a baby and continued to repeat the same words over and over again. She couldn't hear a gunshot, but the sound of the horse galloping was getting closer, and it seemed that Death Gun intended to catch up to the buggy before firing.
"Sinon... can you hear me, Sinon!"
Kirito called Sinon's name again, but couldn't get any response. She just remained crouched against his back, letting out soft whimpers.
"SINON!"
After she got shook by the sharp sound again, Sinon finally managed to stop whimpering. She moved her neck slightly and looked over at the back profile of Kirito which had that flowing black hair. Kirito was looking forward, pushing the three-wheeler buggy to its limit and saying with a stiff yet calm voice,
"Sinon, we'll be caught up at this rate—hurry up and snipe him!"
"I...I can't do that..."
Sinon forcefully shook her head to refuse. Though she felt the heavy weight of the Hecate II, this weight that would normally fill her up with battle intent couldn't bring her any feelings.
"It's alright if it doesn't hit! Just hold him off!"
Kirito persisted in shouting, but Sinon could only continue to shake her head.
"...I can't do it... that guy... that guy, he..."
That guy was the soul that awakened from her memories, and even if she used twelve 7mm bullets to hit him in the heart, she couldn't stop him—that was what Sinon believed. Direct damage was already ineffective, let alone holding him off.
However, Kirito turned around, and those black eyes were shining brightly. He said,
"Drive then! I'll use that gun to snipe him!"
On hearing those words, the little pride that remained in Sinon's heart shook her up—
—Hecate's... my identity. Other than me... no one else can use it...
These interrupted thoughts seemed to act like some sort of weak electric pulse in a circuit and caused Sinon's right hand to move.
She slowly moved that large sniper rifle from her shoulder and then placed the gun over the rear fender on the back of the buggy, while timidly supporting her body she brought her eye over to the scope in front.
The magnifier was at its minimum, but at a distance of less than 100m, the figure of the mechanical horse carrying Death Gun took up more than 30% of the scope's view. Sinon originally intended to increase the magnifier to hit straight in the middle of Death Gun, but the hand that reached out to increase the magnification stopped.
If she continued to enlarge it, she would see that face under his hood clearly. On thinking up till here, her fingers couldn't move. Sinon then moved her right hand over to the gun grip and got into sniping position.
Death Gun should have noticed Sinon's action, but he had no intention of dodging, let alone stopping. His hands were holding onto the leash as he continued to race over. Sinon knew that she was being underestimated, but on thinking that Death Gun may take out that handgun—that accursed Type-54 handgun Sinon herself used that eventful day, she couldn't feel any anger, just complete fear.
One shot. Just one shot would be enough. In such a close distance, even if the enemy could see the bullet line, there was a chance that he could fail. Sinon gathered that pessimistic and little battle intent together, ready to let the index finger in the trigger guard touch the trigger.
However...
A surge of mysterious anxiety struck, again preventing her action.
No matter how hard she tried, her finger just couldn't touch the trigger. It felt like her one and only partner, Hecate, was rejecting Sinon herself—
"I can't shoot it..."
Sinon/Shino muttered with a hoarse voice,
"I can't shoot. My fingers won't move. I can't... can't fight anymore."
"NO, YOU CAN!"
The strong yet stern voice rang from behind her.
"THERE'S NO ONE WHO CAN'T FIGHT! THERE'S ONLY THOSE WHO GIVE UP ON FIGHTING!"
Even though she was chided by her greatest rival Kirito, the flame that was about to disappear in Sinon merely flickered.
Choose? I'll just choose to give up on fighting then. I don't want to relive those painful memories. I had enough of seeing my hopes taken away and destroyed. It's just my delusion to think that I can survive in this world if I have ability. I will always have to carry the fear of the grudge by that man and the gun. I can only lower my head, hold my breath, not look, and not bring any feeling to this...
Suddenly, a scorching flame reheated Sinon's frozen right hand.
The girl opened the eyes that were originally closed.
Kirito was originally sitting on the seat of the buggy, but at this moment, he turned around, and he was leaning on Sinon's back while standing on the pedal. He reached his right hand out, holding Sinon's right hand that was about to fall off from the Hecate's grip and held it forcefully.
It seemed that he was able to set the three-wheeler buggy's gas pedal to full throttle as the buggy was still running forward. However, they would soon hit an obstacle. Kirito himself seemed like he didn't mind as he shouted at Sinon's ear.
"I'll shoot too! So, just once, please move this finger!"
Sinon wasn't clear if the system would allow two people to shoot one gun. However, the flame-like heat that radiated from the touch of Kirito's hand made her feel that the frozen fingers were starting to melt.
The sniper's fingers twitched slightly—the finger touched the metal that formed the trigger.
In her eyes, she could see the bullet line. However, the aiming circle was so large it exceeded Death Gun's body into the area surrounding it and was irregularity moving about. Sinon's heart was in a mess, and the buggy that was racing was jerking way too much. If this kept up, there was no need to consider how the enemy will dodge, because the bullet wouldn't fly straight.
"No-No way... I can't possibly aim if it keeps jerking like this..."
Sinon weakly moaned, but a calm voice immediately rang beside her ear,
"Don't worry, it'll stop shaking in 5 seconds. Listen up... 2, 1, NOW!"
*BAM!*
The powerful shock came with a sudden sound, and the buggy stopped shaking in a miraculous manner. It seemed that they were flying in the air after being hit by something. Sinon glanced at the ground from the corner of her eye, and found that there was a wedged-shaped sports car lying there like a ramp. Kirito let the buggy head to this direction before he even turned around.
...Why is he so calm even in such a situation?
Immediately, Sinon asked in her heart, but she again denied her own question.
...No, this has nothing to do with being calm. This person just did what he could do. He never tried to find excuses for himself and chose to fight with all he's got. That's—that's this person's real ability.
During the finals of the preliminaries yesterday, Sinon once asked of Kirito—with such ability, what he was still scared of.
However, this question itself was a huge error. No matter how scared, troubled, or pained he was, he could still move on. That was the real «strength». He could only choose over whether he should get better or not, whether to fire or not.
Of course, she couldn't be as strong as Kirito. But at least for now—she wanted to at least give it her all.
Sinon bet on all her heart, to squeeze her finger that was placed against the trigger of her beloved gun.
This mere slight adjustment of the trigger felt extremely heavy. However, with the support of that warming hand, Sinon's finger finally squeezed it slowly. The reticle that appeared in her sights started to shrink, but half of the enemy was still outside the circle.
She probably, no, definitely won't be able to hit the target.
Having fought for so long as a sniper, this was the first time Sinon had such a thought as she squeezed the trigger.
Like an unpleasant nauseous feeling that was about to be puked out, her beloved gun Hecate II shot the bright flame from the muffler, shooting a loud bang she never heard before.
Still in an unstable state, Sinon couldn't hold back the recoil effectively as she jerked back, but Kirito held her steadily. The buggy jumped over the top and started falling, and Sinon could only stare wide-eyed on the vehicle and watch the bullet fly. Under the sunset, the spinning line grazed the riding Death God with the nearest of misses and went by his right.
—I missed...
There were still bullets inside the magazine, but Sinon didn't even have the strength to pull the bolt down and could only mutter.
However, perhaps the pride of this «Goddess of the Underworld» wouldn't allow this bullet to miss completely as the anti-tank sniper rifle didn't leave a useless hole in the asphalt, but went into the truck that was lying on the road.
In GGO, all the artificial objects that were placed in battle zones seemed to be there for players to use as cover. But as expected of a game that used MMORPG and FPS elements, each artificial object had a little trap. Like how a gas tank or a large machine may be lit on fire or even explode once they take a certain amount of damage. With such a chance, the old abandoned vehicle that was placed on the road may have some gas inside the fuel tank. Once it got hit by the bullet—
The large truck started to let out small sparks.
Death Gun, who was just ready to move beside the truck, immediately intended to let the mechanical horse jump to the other side after noticing it.
But before he could do that, a large fireball exploded, and the orange glow immediately swallowed the bus and horse.
The three-wheeler buggy that finished its jump landed at this moment, and as it landed, the tremendous bounce and the powerful impact that shook the entire main road occurred at the same time. Even though the scene of explosion couldn't be seen because of the sports car that acted as a platform, Kirito and Sinon still witnessed the mechanical horse scatter into pieces in the pillar of fire.
—Did I take him down...?
Sinon had this thought for a moment but immediately shook it off. How could an explosion of an obstacle kill a Death God? The most it could do was to buy some time, but to them, this was really a great miracle.
Kirito, who again turned to look in front, first tried to steady the buggy that was about to collapse sideways, and then continued to accelerate.
Sinon collapsed onto the seat and watched the smoke float up into the purple sunset. She couldn't think anymore, and could only let her body jerk along with the racing buggy.

The number of buildings and abandoned vehicles on both the left and right sides started to decrease, and the natural rocks and mysterious plants started to take over. Once she recovered, she found that the three-wheeler buggy had already passed through the center of the lone island and arrived in the desert in the north.
The path went from the damaged asphalt road to a mere gravel path that was hardened by compression. The three-wheeler buggy started jerking more and more, and Kirito could only slow down and cautiously move the buggy through the sand dunes.
Sinon was merely counting the number of big cacti around them, but seemed to realize something as she looked at her left hand. The long and thin needles showed that the current time was 9:12pm. What shocked her was that they spent merely 10 minutes moving from the riverbank in the south of the streets to the ruins up here.
But during this short time, the finals of the BoB—no, this game called GGO had a tremendous change in definition to Sinon.
As she used her slightly cool head to think, she knew that the player called «Death Gun» couldn't be the man she shot in that post office robbery incident a long time ago. The «Type-54 Blackstar» that caused Sinon to think that way wasn't a really popular gun, but it wasn't some rare weapon and was rather cheap. Maybe Death Gun merely chose it as his support weapon out of coincidence.
The problem was that she could immediately feel fearful, timid and it could even trigger her phobia once she saw that gun.
Sinon had treated those enemies in this world who use the Blackstar as one of her goals. She believed that she could calmly fight against them even if that gun was pointed at her, and finally bury it amongst the many targets Sinon shot down in the past.
But she was ever so awkward when she met it for real. The effects of the stun bullet was completely gone, but she just felt rather slow all over, and her hands couldn't help but continue to tremble. Even the familiar weight of the Hecate she carried just felt like a burden.
—Everything was a lie, I was just fooling myself. The large amounts of kills I got, and this thought that it could prove my ability, they were completely meaningless...
As Sinon was feeling dispirited, the wheels suddenly skidded, and the buggy then stopped. Kirito's sturdy voice rang from behind her,
"Ahh... how can we find a hiding place in the midst of a vast desert?..."
On hearing those words, Sinon started thinking. Kirito was already severely injured after coming to save Sinon while she was stunned. Now he should be thinking of hiding in the desert and using the first-aid pack that was given to all the players to recover their HP. However, that equipment's healing effect was rather slow. If he intends to recover safely, it wouldn't be enough to hide behind the sand dunes or the cacti.
Sinon held up her still blurry head and looked around. As she found was that reddish-brown rocky hill slightly further away. She slowly pointed there,
"...There should be a cave there."
"Ah, that's right. You said that there are caves to avoid the Satellite Scanner in the desert."
Kirito quickly answered and turned the buggy off the road. A bit later they reached the rocky hill and circled around it. As Sinon expected, they discovered a huge hole at the north side. Kirito slowed down and brought the entire buggy inside.
The hole was rather big, and there was still a lot of space once they drove the vehicle over to a place that couldn't be seen from the entrance. Though the inside was dark, the sunset that was reflected on the wall would still allow all five fingers to be seen.
Kirito turned off the engine, stretched his body out on the sandy floor and turned to look back at Sinon.
"We'll hide from the next scan here—ah, wouldn't our device not receive the satellite information?"
On hearing that unnecessary question, Sinon couldn't help but give a wry smile. She got off the buggy with weak legs, arrived near the granite wall, sat down and said,
"...Of course. If other players were nearby. They would try their luck by throwing a grenade, and both of us will be dead inside."
"I see. But at least it's better than removing all my equipment and swimming underwater... and speaking of water..."
Kirito left the buggy and glanced at the entrance of the cave before saying,
"«That guy» just appeared beside you, right? Does that mantle have some sort of ability to make him invisible? He disappeared at the bridge. The satellite couldn't get any visual on him. Maybe it's not that he swam but used that ability..."
"...I guess so. That's an unique ability called «Metamaterial Optical Camouflage». It's normally reserved for boss monsters... but it's not strange to have such an equipment with an effect like that."
At that point, Sinon finally understood what Kirito was worried about. She looked inside the cave of the entrance and then softly said,
"...I guess it's alright here. There's sand all over the ground, so someone invisible can't hide their footsteps, and will also leave footprints. He can't appear suddenly like just now."
"I see, but we better prick our ears."
Kirito finally seemed relaxed and then sat slightly far away on Sinon's right side. He took out the first-aid kit from his belt pouch and tipped the front on his neck in a stiff motion before pressing the button on the other side. A light 'zzz' sound could be heard, and the red light that showed the recovery effect covered Kirito entirely. A first-aid kit could recover 30% HP, but will take 180 seconds, so it was meaningless to do this in battle.
After turning her eyes from the right side, Sinon again looked at her watch. The time now was 9:15pm, which was the fifth Satellite Scan. However, like what Kirito said just now, as the electric pulses that were sent over by the satellite couldn't reach inside this hole, the map on the receiver wouldn't show any data.
The last tournament's battle royale started at 8pm, and it ended with the last survivor «Zekushiido» taking on «Yamikaze» and winning to put an end to this. The overall time was slightly more than 2 hours. Assuming that the progress rate was the same this time, there should be around 10 players left. In the last tournament, Sinon became the 8th casualty after merely 20 minutes, so this would far exceed her previous record. However, she wasn't happy at all.
Sinon put her left hand down, leaned her back on the cave wall and muttered,
"...Do you think... that «Death Gun» could have died in that explosion?"
She knew deep inside that there was only a minimal possibility, but couldn't help but ask for Kirito's view. After a while, Kirito answered softly,
"No... I saw him jump off the mechanical horse before the truck exploded. Though he couldn't be unscathed... I don't think he'll die like this..."
Any player who would get involved in such an explosion should have taken a lot of damage.
Any ordinary player maybe.
But that guy was definitely not ordinary. The mantle guy used the «Blackstar» to kill Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako, and Pale Rider was most likely dead. Maybe he was a wandering spirit in the network. However, Sinon obviously didn't say this out loud. She merely answered, "I see" , and then placed the Hecate onto the sandy floor beside her, cupping her knees together.
Sinon lowered her head and asked another question,
"How did you come and save me at the stadium so quickly just now? Didn't you reach the outside top wall?"
Kirito seemed to give a wry smile. Sinon looked beside her, and found that the lightsaber warrior was still leaning on the wall, both hands behind his head.
"...I knew we were mistaken the moment I saw that «Jyuushi X» whom we thought was Death Gun..."
"...Why?"
"Because that person looked like a real girl no matter what, not like this male character of mine which looks so feminine."
On hearing that somewhat unexpected answer, Sinon muttered "I see" . Kirito nodded his head slightly and gave a somewhat bitter expression.
"At that moment, I knew that we left out something very big... on thinking that Death Gun could attack you, I forced my way to slash her when she was introducing herself. I should apologize to her later.. On a side note, her name had to be pronounced as «Musketeer X»."
"Oh..."
Sinon again responded, and then guessed whether Kirito was going to apologize because his battle method was too forceful or that the other party was a girl. But just when she was about to ask, Kirito carried on,
"I took a hit, but still managed to take her down. Looking south from atop the stadium, I found you lying on the floor... Once I saw that things were bad, I immediately grabbed the large sniper rifle and smoke grenade Musketeer-san dropped and jumped from the perimeter. I fired and threw the grenade and then ran at that person..."
Kirito then shrugged at that moment, seemingly indicating 'you know the rest'.

In other words, the two bullet scars on Kirito were from Musketeer X's snipe and the L115 from Death Gun. Though he said that in a rather easy manner, the lightsaber warrior had been shot twice after defending flawlessly against Xiahou Dun, which showed that he didn't even care for his own safety when he went to save Sinon.
On the other hand—looking back at that situation, Sinon obviously pulled Kirito down. Even though Death Gun had the unexpected unique equipment «Metamaterial Optical Camouflage», Sinon could have dodged that stun bullet if she noticed the movement behind her. If she met up with Kirito without being paralyzed, they could even have used the chance to take down Death Gun.
Of course, that was if Death Gun wasn't a dead soul but an ordinary player.
Feeling troubled and weak, Sinon dejectedly rested her forehead on her kneecap. She felt Kirito close in and say in a soft voice,
"You don't have to be so hard on yourself."
"..."
Sinon sighed and waited for Kirito to continue.
"I didn't notice that that guy was hiding nearby too. If our roles were reversed, I would be the one who took the stun bullet—you would save me at that point too, right, Sinon?"
That voice was ever so steady—
Yet it made Sinon feel extremely hurt deep inside. She forcefully closed her eyes and muttered to herself.
This was a person she originally viewed as a rival... This enemy who she thought she could fight against actually said such encouraging words. Her failure, weakness were all seen by him... Right now, he just looked like he was appeasing a kid.
And what made Sinon unable to bear with this or even forgive herself was that while she felt extremely humiliated, she had a huge urge to accept his comfort.
Once she told her fears and pains that were tormenting her, and reach her hand out to this boy who's one meter away... That enigmatic lightsaber warrior who had such sincerity inside, would definitely comfort this Sinon in the game... The real Shino with all his earnesty and words. Maybe she could even get this «redemption» of that post office robbery incident 5 years ago from him.
If she did that, the other icy cold-like sniper Sinon may completely vanish. But speaking of which, how could she say her true thoughts to someone she just met yesterday—and doesn't even know his real appearance. Sinon had never said her true thoughts to even Shinkawa Kyouji, who was her friend for more than half a year.
As she was anxious, powerless, puzzled and messed up, the girl could only continue to hug her own knees.
Just like that, after a few seconds...
Kirito's voice finally rang again.
"...I'm going then. Just rest here first, Sinon. Actually, I was really hoping that you could log out... but you can't do so during the tournament..."
"Eh..."
Sinon lifted her face up instinctively. Kirito had already used the stone wall to support his body and checked the remaining amount of energy in the lightsaber.
"...You intend to fight... alone... against that Death Gun...?"
Once Sinon finished asking in a hoarse voice, the other person nodded slightly but firmly.
"Yeah. That guy is really strong. Even without the power of that black handgun, his equipment and stats were already a headache. Most importantly, the player's own ability was rather unique too. To be honest, it should be hard to take him down before the black handgun is fired. We were able to escape just now, but half of it was because it was a miracle. If we get aimed at by him... I don't have the confidence to face him courageously. I might even leave you and run away... so I can't take the risk of having you follow me."
"..."
Sinon originally thought that this lightsaber warrior was absolutely confident in his own abilities, so she couldn't help but look at his face after hearing this unexpected declaration. At this moment, a glint appeared in the black eyes, showing the insecurity he never had.
"...Even you are scared of that guy?"
On hearing Sinon's question, Kirito placed the lightsaber back onto the belt pouch and gave a bitter smile.
"Yeah, of course. If it was the old me... even if I knew that I could die, I would fight him with all I've got. But... I have a lot of things I want to protect now. So I can't die, I really don't want to die..."
"Something.. to protect...?"
"Yup. No matter whether it's the virtual world... or the real world."
He must be talking about the bonds with some people. Kirito was different from Sinon. He had lots of friends who felt the same as him. The girl felt a sharp pain inside her heart, and her words rushed out,
"...Then you might as well just hide here, right? We can't automatically log out in BoB, but we can leave when it's just us and someone else. Once we commit suicide to let the 3rd person win, the tournament will be over."
On hearing that, Kirito widened his eyes, but immediately smiled, said 'I see', and shook his head. Sinon already expected that he would have such a response.
"There is that method. But... I can't do that. Death Gun should be hiding somewhere and recovering his HP. If we let him go until the tournament ends, who knows how many people he will kill..."
"...I see."
"—You're really strong."
Even though he said that he had something he wanted to protect, he didn't lose any of his courage of risking his life to fight against the Death God. And I don't have these two things anymore.
Sinon could only smile weakly, thinking of what would happen to her once she left this battlefield.
Sinon had already lost all her courage once she faced that black handgun that Death Gun raised on the streets in the ruins. She cried many times as she escaped and couldn't even control her separate identity, the Hecate. The ice sniper Sinon was on the brink of disappearance.
If she continued to hide in the cave like this, she would never believe in her own ability again. Her heart would shrink, her fingers would stiffen, and it's unlikely that she would ever hit something again.
Forget about overcoming that memory, the real her in the real world would always worry about whether that man would appear from the shadows of the night streets or the gaps between the door. That would be the virtual and real worlds waiting for Sinon/Shino.
"...I..."
Sinon looked away from Kirito and said softly,
"I'm... not running away."
"...Eh?"
"I'm not running away. I've decided not to hide around. I want to go out and fight that guy."
Kirito frowned, bent his upper body over to Sinon and whispered,
"You can't Sinon. Once you get hit by that guy...you may really die. I'm not just a complete melee-type player, I also have defensive skills. You're different. Your predicament would be far more dangerous than mine if that invisible man attacks."
Sinon shut her mouth for the moment, but soon after, spoke up and concluded.
"It doesn't matter even if I die."
"...Eh..."
Kirito widened his eyes again, and Sinon said slowly,
"...Just now... I was really scared. Really scared that I would end up dying like that. I got weaker than how I was 5 years ago... I even embarrassed myself by screaming... I can't take this. If this lingers on anymore, I might as well die!"
"...It's normal to be scared. Who's not afraid of death?"
"I'm sick of being scared. I'm sick of living in fear... I'm sick of it— I'm not going to ask you to accompany me, I can fight on my own."
After saying that, Sinon's weak arm started to exert force and got ready to get up. However, that arm was grabbed by Kirito beside her. He asked softly with a nervous voice,
"You're saying that you want to fight alone and die alone...?"
"...That's right. This is likely my fate..."
She made a cardinal sin, but wasn't punished for it. Thus, that man would come back to give her the punishment. Death Gun wasn't a dead soul—but a cause and effect. This was already decided.
"Let go of me... I've got to go..."
Sinon tried to shake off Kirito's hand again, but he grabbed her with even more force.
The black eyes were sparkling. Those small and beautiful lips exploded with such intense words that didn't fit the perfect appearance at all,
"...You're wrong. No one will die alone. Once someone dies, his position in someone's heart will vanish too. My heart already has your existence, Sinon!"
"It's not like I asked you to remember me... I, I never hoped to have a relationship with anyone!"
"But haven't we made contact with each other?"
Kirito raised Sinon's hand and moved it in front of her.
At this moment, the intense emotions that were suppressed inside Sinon's icy heart suddenly exploded. She gritted her teeth and used that other hand to grab Kirito's collar.
"Then..."
The weakness of wanting to be comforted and the urge to be destroyed created a feeling she never had before, causing her to say these words out from deep within her. Sinon's fiery gaze stared at Kirito's face and screamed,
"—THEN PROTECT ME FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE!"
Her eyes suddenly twisted, and there was something hot flowing down her face. Sinon then noticed that tears were already flowing out from her eyes, dripping.


She shook aside the right hand that was being held and forcefully clenched her fist to slam at Kirito's chest. Twice, thrice, she exerted all her strength onto Kirito's body.
"You don't know anything at all... couldn't do anything, so stop acting like you know what's going on! This... this is my battle, only mine! Even if I lose, even if I die, no one has the right to lecture me! Or rather, are you going to bear this responsibility with me? Can you..."
The right hand Sinon was just holding reached out in front of Kirito. This hand once squeezed the trigger of a gun that was dyed in blood and took someone's life. Looking closely at the skin on it, she could only see that this hand that once killed before still had the little black dot that was caused by the gunpowder particles.
"Can... CAN YOU HOLD THIS HAND THAT KILLED SOMEONE BEFORE!?"
Lines of curses awakened from deep within Sinon's memories. In the classroom, she would hear 'Don't touch it, you murderer! You'll stain it with blood' when she accidentally touched other people's personal belongings. Ever since that incident, Sinon never let anyone touch her, not even once.
Sinon used the last of her strength to swing a punch. As the entire island was in a battlefield that wasn't protected, every single time Kirito got punched, his HP would decrease little by little. However, he didn't do anything to evade.
"U...uu..."
Sinon's tears fell like rain, and she couldn't control them. She immediately lowered her head to prevent others from seeing her crying face, and in the end, her forehead ended up hitting Kirito's chest.
Her left hand was still grabbing onto Kirito's collar, leaning her forehead onto Kirito's chest with all she had, letting out a crying sound from between the gritted teeth. Sinon was crying like a kid, but she found it inexplicable that she actually had the ability to do this. She couldn't remember the last time she cried in front of someone.
Soon after, Kirito placed his hand on her right shoulder. However, Sinon immediately clenched her fist and swept his hand aside.
"I HATE YOU... I HATE YOU THE MOST!!"
As she screamed, the imaginary tears continued to float, and they were finally absorbed by Kirito's thin chest.

It was unknown how long they maintained this position—
Sinon's tears finally went dry, and she felt weak all over as if her soul was scattered, and could only rest her entire body on the lightsaber warrior's slender body.
After having exposed the feelings she would definitely not allow herself to reveal, the slight pain that came with it felt extremely soothing. She then continued to put her head on the other person's shoulder and continued to pant.
After a while, Sinon broke the silence.
"...You're really irritating... but at least let me lean on you."
After she said that, Kirito merely answered 'ok'. Sinon then moved her body and laid down horizontally on the legs Kirito stretched out. As she was still embarrassed about letting Kirito see her face, Sinon turned her back to Kirito and saw the bullet scar that was still left on the rear right side of the three-wheeler buggy's rear fender, and the last trace of sunset that crept in from outside the cave.
Her mind was still confused, but it was different from how her mind stopped when she was attacked by Death Gun; it was a seemingly relaxed feeling. Unknowingly, she let out a sentence,
"I... I've killed someone before."
Sinon continued without waiting for Kirito's response,
"Not in the game... but in the real world. I really killed someone. The cause was the robbery that happened in the suburb in the northeast 5 years ago... The news reported that the culprit shot a mailman and died after the gun chamber exploded. But in fact, that wasn't true. I was at the scene. I snatched the culprit's gun and shot him."
"...5 years ago...?"
On hearing Kirito mutter his question, Sinon nodded her head.
"Yes. I was 11 then... maybe I could do that because I was a kid then. I had two broken teeth, two sprains on the arms, a back injury and a dislocation of the right shoulder, but had no other injury. The damage my body took could be healed... but there was a place that couldn't be healed."
"..."
"After that, I would vomit or faint once I saw a gun. Even on the TV, in the manga... or a fake pistol won't do. Once I see a guy... my eyes will immediately remember the face of that guy I killed... It was scary. Really scary."
"...But."
"Yeah. But it's alright in this world. The relapse wouldn't happen... and I even liked..."
Sinon moved her eyes away, looking at the elegant figure of the Hecate II that was lying on the sand,
"...A few guns. So I felt that if I became the strongest in this world, I would become strong in the real world and could forget about those memories... but... when Death Gun attacked just now... I nearly relapsed... that, that was really scary... Unknowingly, I wasn't the «Sinon» in the game but the me in the real world... so I have to fight with that guy. If I can't beat him... Sinon will vanish."
She hugged her own body tightly.
"Of course I'm scared of death. But... but if I continue to live in fear, I'll be scared even when I'm dead. If I run away without fighting against Death Gun and those memories, I will definitely become weaker than before, and I will never be able to live an ordinary life again. So... so..."
Suddenly, a chilly air struck, causing Sinon to tremble violently. At this moment...
"I..."
Unknowingly, Kirito started stammering like a weak kid who didn't know what to do,
"I...I killed people before."
"Eh..."
Sinon, who was leaning tightly onto Kirito, felt his body tremble for a split moment.
"...I did mention it before, right? That mantle guy and I... Death Gun, we met in another game before."
"...Y-Yeah."
"That game was called... «Sword Art Online». Have you heard of it... before?"
"..."
Sinon already guessed the name of the game, but couldn't help but look up at Kirito's face. The lightsaber warrior leaned his back on the wall of the cave, and his eyes that lost all glow were looking above.
Of course, Sinon knew the name of that game. Or rather, there was not any VRMMO player in all of Japan who would not know about that game. That terrifying game trapped the consciousness of 10,000 people inside the game world for more than 2 years, and even took the lives of 4,000 people.
"...Then, you're..."
"That's right, in terms of internet speak, I'm a so-called «SAO Survivor». That Death Gun is the same too. Both him and I fought each other, and we tried to kill each other."
Kirito's eyes looked like they were looking afar in the distant past, moving about in mid-air.
"That guy was part of a Red guild called «Laughing Coffin». In SAO, we designate colors and call criminals «Orange Players», and thief guilds would be «Orange Guilds»...amongst them, those who revel in killing were called «Red Guilds». Those guilds...had a lot of people who enjoyed killing people."
"Bu-But...in that game, wouldn't it mean real death if your HP becomes zero...?"
"That's right, but they killed because of that reason... To certain players, killing was their greatest pleasure. Laughing Coffin was such a group. They killed other players in unprotected battlefields or mazes, took their money and equipment before killing them mercilessly. Of course, the ordinary players started to be wary of them, but these people still continued to think of new ways to kill, causing the number of victims to continue to rise."
"..."
"Thus, the ordinary players finally formed mass-crusades against them...and I was one of them. It was a crusade, but we didn't really need to kill them. We just wanted them to be unable to resist before sending them to jail. We tried all we could to find their base, gathered many high-leveled players who would not have any problems and launched our raid at midnight. However... I don't know how the info was leaked. The enemy had already set traps in the base and waited for us to enter...we finally managed to regroup ourselves, but in this abnormally chaotic battle...I..."
Kirito's body trembled violently again. He widened his eyes, and his breathing became harder.
"I personally killed two Laughing Coffin members. One by hacking him on the head with my sword...the other was a stab right in the heart. I only planned to lock them inside jail, but I forgot all about it and just lost myself...no, that was just an excuse. If I really wanted to, I could definitely stop my sword...but I could only continue to swing my sword in fear and anger, and to be honest, I'm no different from those guys. No, in a certain sense, my guilt is greater than them because..."
Kirito forcefully took a deep breath before exhaling, and silently continued,
"Because I forced myself to forget what I previously did. I killed another member a long time after I killed those two people...and once I returned back to the real world, I never thought of them. That was until I met Death Gun at the presidential area waiting dome..."
"...Then, Death Gun is part of that group you fought against...«Laughing Coffin»..."
"Yes. He should be one of the members who survived in the raid and was locked up by us. I still remember his presence and how he spoke. Just a little...a little more, and I can remember his name from back then..."
This time, he forcefully closed his eyes and used his right fist to press against his forehead. Sinon, who was lying on Kirito's knees, stared at him for quite a while.
This boy called Kirito was once a player of «Sword Art Online».
He gambled his real life in that world and continued to fight for two years.
Sinon herself could guess this already, but it was still strangely heavy-hearted to hear him say this. She could still remember Kirito's question yesterday from deep inside her ears.
—If your bullet can really kill a player in the real world...and he would kill you or someone else close to you if you don't kill him, can you still squeeze the trigger without hesitation in such a situation?
Kirito was a person who went through that. In a certain sense, this was extremely similar to the post office robbery incident where Shino was attacked 5 years ago—
"...Kirito."
Sinon supported her body and forcefully grabbed Kirito on the shoulders. The boy's eyes looked somewhat lost as if he was looking somewhere distant in the past. However, Sinon still brought her face close to force the other party to look at her, and said with a hoarse voice,
"...I can't judge what you did in the past...and I don't have the right to. So actually, I don't have the right to say this...but please tell me...how did you overcome those memories? How did you beat it? How did you become so strong...?"
This was really a rather cruel and selfish thing to say to someone who just revealed his own guilt. However, Sinon really couldn't stop herself from asking. Though Kirito was so self-loathing that he 'forced himself to forget', she couldn't do that.
However—
Kirito blinked twice, thrice, a few times and stared at Sinon's eyes, and he then shook his head and said,
"...I didn't overcome it."
"Eh..."
"Last night, I continued to remember that battle against Laughing Coffin and the 3 people who died under my blade, and I nearly couldn't sleep at all. Those people, when they were about to disappear...their expressions, voices, last words, I guess I wouldn't be able to forget about them..."
"How...how is it..."
Sinon could only mutter blankly,
"Then...wha...what am I supposed to do...I...I..."
'—Am I going to be like this for the rest of my life?
This declaration was really too cruel to her.
Was all her hard work wasted? Wouldn't that mean that even if they left this cave, beat Death Gun and win, Shino in the current world would have to continue to live in pain—was that it...?
"However, Sinon—"
Kirito moved his right hand and covered one of Sinon's hands that were grabbing his shoulders.
"I feel that it's normal. I lost my sanity and killed with my own two hands, but I got praised instead of being punished. Nobody wanted to judge me, and nobody taught me a way to redeem myself. Up till now, I had never really looked at what I did, and just forced myself to forget. But I was wrong. The fact that I did that, I personally slayed them with these hands of mine...I should accept them directly, consider the significance and seriousness. Right now, I feel that this is the least I could do to compensate within my abilities..."
"...Accepting...and reflecting on them...I can't do that..."
"No matter how you try to distance yourself from it, the past will never disappear, and our memories will never really vanish. Even so...we can only face it head on and work hard so that we can one day accept it."
"..."
Sinon's arms lost their strength and she collapsed onto Kirito, who was lying down. She leaned her back and head onto Kirito and looked up at the roof of the cave.
To face that memory head on and fight; Sinon didn't think that she could do that. The path Kirito found belonged only to him, and she needed to find another way to settle her own problems. Even though Sinon thought of these, Kirito's words finally broke through one trouble of hers. The sniper girl turned her eyes to the face that was rather pale in that slightly dark place, and then said,
"...«Death Gun»..."
"Hm?"
"So that guy under the mantle was a real person after all."
"Of course. He's definitely one of the top players of the ex-«Laughing Coffin». If I can remember his name in SAO, I can find his real name and address in the real world. To be honest, this is the real reason why I came to this world."
"...I see..."
At least she knew that the mantle guy wasn't a lingering dead soul that awoke in Sinon's memories. She frowned, thought and continued,
"So that guy couldn't forget about what happened in SAO, wanted to PK and came over to GGO...?"
"I don't think that was merely the case...that guy chose to take action when many people were looking, no matter whether he was shooting «Zekushiido», «Usujio Tarako» or eliminating «Pale Rider». That exaggerated Cross sign was performed to an unspecified lot of audience. He should be indicating...that he had the ability to kill in the game..."
"...But how did he do it...between the AmuSphere and the first generation...Nerve Gear, was it? The AmuSphere was different from the first generation, right, so it was designed not to let out dangerous electromagnetic waves, right?"
"That should be the case...but, according to the person who requested me to come to this world, the cause of death on Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako wasn't brain damage, but heart failure..."
"Eh...heart...?"
On raising this question, Sinon felt a chill brush past, making her tremble slightly. Even though she felt that it wasn't really possible, she wanted to say out what she thought.
"...You're saying that...he used some curse or supernatural power...to kill them...?"
Sinon felt that she would be laughed at if she said it, but Kirito merely looked back at her with a tense expression.
"To be honest...I won't know how he killed them without knowing the player controlling the mantle avatar in the real world and investigating him. I don't think that randomly shooting in the virtual world would make a player's heart in the real world stop...no, wait...speaking of which...."
This may be a habit Kirito had as he used his fingers to stroke his slender chin and shut up. On seeing Sinon giving him a puzzled look while lying on his knees, he said with an ambiguous expression,
"...That's really strange..."
"What's strange...?"
"In the ruins just now, why did Death Gun not use that black handgun to shoot me and use that sniper rifle instead? We were really close just now, and the handgun should be more powerful, right? Besides, it could kill the enemy in one shot. To be honest, I couldn't even dodge a sniper shot. If that guy used the black handgun, I should be killed by him already..."
Though it was somewhat shocking to see him have the courage to consider the possibility of his own death, Sinon still said her thoughts,
"Maybe it's because there was no time to draw the Cross...? Before shooting the Blackstar...ah, that handgun's called «Type-54 Blackstar»..."
Feeling suffocated the moment she said this name, Sinon continued,.
"...Does he have to draw the Cross before firing the Blackstar, or was it that he couldn't kill if he didn't complete the Cross...?"
"Yeah...but when we were running away, that guy did use the Blackstar to shoot you, right? How could he draw the Cross on the horse?"
The moment Kirito said that, Sinon glanced at the three-wheeler buggy beside her. The bullet scar on the rear fender wasn't the .338 Lapua Magnum, but the smaller 7.62mm bullet. Speaking of which, Sinon herself did see Death Gun pull the Blackstar and shoot without drawing the cross.
"That's true...it did happen."
"In other words, Death Gun did have the chance to kill me, but didn't shoot at me. No, he doesn't have any reason to let me go. I won in the preliminaries...to be honest, I'm the more eye-catching one..."
"Sorry for not being so attractive looking."
Sinon gave a left elbow jab at Kirito's abdomen and made him cough dryly.
"Then, let's make it that both of us are eye catching. But anyway, it's not that the guy didn't shoot me, but that there was a reason why he didn't do so..."
"Hmm..."
Sinon moved her body and slumped on Kirito's legs, putting her cupped hands onto her head. Even though the annoyance she had with the boy never decreased, right now, she needed the heat transfer between avatars to chase the black fear away from her. Feeling somewhat safe now, she slowly gained back her peaceful mind and continued to think.
"...Speaking of which, something was weird just now...."
"Just now?"
"At that metal bridge. That guy did use the Blackstar to shoot Pale Rider, yet ignored Dyne who was left helpless beside, right? I thought Dyne would be shot too..."
"Yes...but he was already dead that time, right?"
"He was dead, but actually, it was just that his HP was zero and that he could not move. His avatar was still there, so his own consciousness was still there. If it's a power that exceeds the game, it doesn't matter if the HP was there or not, right?"
On hearing Sinon mention that, Kirito pondered for a while and then said,
"...That's true. It's weird now that you mentioned it. Like the ruins just now, Death Gun only attacked Pale Rider and not Dyne at the bridge..."
"In other words...you and Dyne, Pale Rider and me, we have common points. This player designates between those who he could attack and those he couldn't attack..."
Sinon pondered and muttered. Kirito nodded his head, and the shaking reached her body.
"Yeah, you can put it that way. If we think through it, Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako should have similar conditions to you and Pale Rider...maybe it's ability or ranking..."
"Pale Rider is strong, but he didn't take part in the last tournament. As for BoB ranking, Dyne was in front of me."
"Then...maybe it's because of another specific event?"
"I don't think so. Dyne and I were in the same squadron, so we trained together a few times. But I'd never even heard of Pale Rider's name, let alone met him."
"What about Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako?"
On hearing Kirito's question, Sinon could only turn her body over and give a wry smile. She looked at the serious expression on that pretty face, shrugged her shoulders and answered,
"Those two were famous, on a completely different level from Dyne and me...Zekushiido was the winner of the last tournament, so Usujio Tarako was 5th or 6th, but he was the leader of the largest squadron in this game. I only talked to him once or twice."
"Uu...Then, it should be equipment or stats..."
"Our equipment are all different. You know that I use a sniper rifle, and Pale Rider uses a shotgun. Zekushiido probably uses the extremely rare XM29 assault rifle, and Usujio Tarako uses the light machine gun Enfield. As for stats...ah."
"Hm?"
Sinon seemed like she wanted to explain to the puzzled Kirito as she touched her eyebrows before continuing.
"It's not really a common point...if I have to say it, it's «all those who don't focus on AGI» But that's a little far-fetched...some of us focus on STR, and some focus on VIT..."
"Yeah..."
Kirito curled his beautiful lips and continued to scratch his head.
"So he just randomly picked targets without reason, is it...for some reason...I feel that there's a certain reason...did you say that you once talked to Usujio Tarako? What did you say to him?"
"Well..."
Sinon racked her thinned memory as she cupped her hands between her head and Kirito's legs to act as a pillow. This should be a form of a lap pillow, right? Thinking that, she started to feel embarrassed. But still, she shook her embarrassment aside with an excuse 'it's urgent now'.
Thinking about it carefully, she found that she realized that she never touched other people like that for so long. It was like she put the burden in heart together with her own weight on him, and her heart just felt unbelievably safe. Just when Sinon secretly hoped that this could continue, the seemingly weak smile of Shinkawa Kyouji suddenly appeared in her mind, which made her rather sorry. If she could return safely to the real world, she would open her walled up heart to him and talk with him...
"—Oi, Sinon, what's with you and Usujio Tarako..."
"Ah, um...yeah."
Sinon blinked and shook that fleeting thought away before searching that distant memory of hers again.
"...We really talked only a little bit. I remember...after the last tournament, once we returned to the first level of the presidential building, I met him at the entrance. We started talking for about 2, 3 minutes, about what prize we want...I never met him directly in the battlefield, so that was just random banter."
"I see. Death Gun never appeared in the last tournament... Was he angry that he didn't get the prize...? It doesn't seem useful to speculate about baseless things."
Kirito sighed. He blinked a few times to change his mood and then lowered his head to look at Sinon.
"Speaking of which, I never checked out the prizes...what did you get in the end?"
On hearing Kirito suddenly change the topic, Sinon was somewhat impressed that he would want to know about the prizes at this moment and answered,
"Ah~that could be chosen. We could choose according to our ranking...our rankings are rather good this time, so we should be able to get something good. Of course, we have to get back safely."
"Like what?"
"Of course, guns and defense equipment...or else it would be unique colored dyes or clothing that people can't buy. However, it doesn't seem to be really good, just catchy-looking. They would even send model guns from the game."
"Model guns? In other words, not equipment in the games, but something you can get in the real world?"
"Yeah. I got a really low rank during the last tournament, so I couldn't get any great equipment. I chose the model gun. Speaking of which, Usujio Tarako said that he chose a model gun too...it was just a toy, but it used metal, and the finishing was very good. Shin...Spiegel said this to me. But I..."
On remembering the pathetic state of the model gun she held in her hands a few days ago, Sinon's face couldn't help but give a wry smile.
"—I always kept it inside the drawer and never looked at it carefully."
But Kirito seemed to notice something else and didn't notice the expression on Sinon's face.
"Getting a prize...in the real world...?"
He first whispered to himself softly, and then said in a serious tone.
"That model gun was sent over by the operating company from America, right?"
"Yeah, through EMS, so a lot of shipping fees must be involved. Can Zasker really earn money like this...?"
The moment Sinon finished saying that, she looked at Kirito's face—but couldn't help but blink. She saw the lightsaber warrior biting his lips and looking up at a certain point. It didn't seem that he was thinking about what prize he could get.
"Wha...what's wrong? What are you thinking?"
"...EMS... but—when I logged into GGO a while back, the system only requested for the player to provide the email, gender and age for our particulars. How did the operating company know about the participants' addresses...?"
"Have you forgotten?"
Sinon, who was lying down, raised her hands in a somewhat impatient manner.
"During the BoB preliminaries yesterday. When we had to register at the operating machine at the first level of the presidential building, there was also a blank line to fill our real addresses and names, right? There should be other terms and conditions there. We can register without filling in the address, but we may be unable to get our prizes. You didn't fill it up, right? You can't fill it later, so you can't get the model gun—eh, eh?"
Kirito suddenly placed his hand on Sinon's right shoulder and then brought his face over, causing her to make a strange sound. The girl froze as she thought that this person was about to do something shameful, but of course, that wasn't the case—
The lightsaber warrior gave a serious expression like never before and raised a new question. But Sinon couldn't understand the importance of this question.
"What did Dyne get in the last tournament?"
"We-well... I remember it was equipment in the game. He once showed it to me before, a coat that had ridiculous colors."
"What about Zekushiido?"
"Who-who knows... He never talked to me before. How could I know? But...I heard that the person himself demands on efficiency, so it shouldn't be appearance and stuff. Speaking of which, he could have chosen the model gun too. I heard that the champion and third place could get a large sniper rifle. But...so what?"
However, Kirito didn't answer her question, and merely watched Sinon's eyes before sinking into deep thought.
"Not equipment in the virtual world...a model gun in the real world...if this is the common point between Sinon, Pale Rider, Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako...EMS addresses...machine at the presidential estate...that place was..."
Kirito seemed to be daydreaming as he continued to murmur,
"...Optical camouflage...if...it wasn't just on the practice field..."
The hand Kirito placed on Sinon's right shoulder suddenly became as stiff as stone. He widened his eyes, and his black eyes continued to roll. The expression shown in his eyes was—shock? Or was it fear?
Sinon couldn't help but straighten her back and shout,
"WHA...WHAT HAPPENED. WHAT'S GOING ON?"
"Ahh...so it's like this...so it was like this!"
A deep hoarse voice came out from between the bright red bewitching lips,
"I've...made a grave mistake..."
"Mis-Mistake?"
"...That when playing VRMMOs...the player's consciousness is moved from the real world to the virtual world, and the player then talks, runs and fights inside...so I thought Death Gun most probably killed his targets in this world..."
"That...that's wrong...?"
"No, the player's body and heart doesn't move. What's different about the virtual world from the real world is that only the brain accepts lots of information. The players wearing the AmuSphere merely sees and hears the electric signals being transferred into digital images and sound effects."
"So...Zekushiido and the rest died at where the corpses were, inside their own rooms. And the real killer was at those places..."
"Wha...what in the world are you trying to say...?"
Kirito immediately closed his lips and opened them again. The voice and presence he gave next seemed to reflect his inner fear as it became a freezing air that brushed past Sinon's face.
"«There're two killers» The first one...that mantle guy attacks his target in the game. The second person had already entered the target's room in the real world, and will attack the helpless players at the same time."
Sinon couldn't immediately understand what Kirito meant when he said that. She raised her upper body weakly, went into a dazed phase before shaking her head in an interrupted manner, and then continued,
"But...how...how can that be possible? How do they know the addresses of the players...?"
"Didn't you say it before? A model gun was sent to your house?"
"Then...then the culprit is the operating company...? Or Death Gun hacked into the database...?"
"No....that possibility is too small. Even if it was just an ordinary player, he could still know the address of the real target. Once that target is a participant of the BoB tournament, and if the player chose a model gun..."
"..."
"The presidential building. The players who hope for the operating company to send the model guns to them would input their real name and address over there, right? I was a little worried when I registered... Wasn't it a single room, with a large open space behind, right...?"
Sinon finally understood what Kirito was getting at and could only hold her breath and shake her head.
"You're saying...that he saw the image on the screen from behind? That's impossible. With the distance effect, he won't be able to see the words once there's some distance, and someone will notice him if he was so close."
"But what if he used a scope or binoculars? Someone I knew before said that she used a mirror to read the button code in the game. If I look through some item, I can negate the distance effect, right?"
"What you're saying is impossible. If so many people use some binoculars that way, they would be kicked out by the GM and banned. This is an American game. It's rather strict with this like how it is with regards to sexual harassment."
But Kirito seemed to know how to argue back at this. The lightsaber warrior brought his face closer and then used a soft voice to raise his guess.
"If... What if, that mantle of Death Gun...that «Metamaterial Optical Camouflage» can also work inside the city? The presidential lounge is rather dark. Nobody would discover if they became transparent and hid in the shadows, right? In that situation, if someone uses binoculars or a scope to spy on the screen image...it's possible to spot the address and real name in the entered data, right...?"
"...!"
Invisibility—scope. With these two things, it was possible to do so. Basically, the game menu window on default is that others couldn't see it, but the touchscreen-type terminals in the game could be used by many people, so on the default mode anyone could see the contents. Sinon herself did input her address and name when she registered for the last tournament and this tournament with the anyone-can-see mode. Was someone...no, rather, that Death God wearing the mantle hiding behind her back then? Just to write down other people's names on the list of death?
Sinon really couldn't accept this guess, and thus she continued to try and argue back.
"...Even if they know our addresses in the real world...how can they enter our rooms without a key? And, what about their families...?"
"If it's just Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako, both of them were living alone...and they were staying in old apartments. I guess what's installed on the doors were first generation electric locks which weren't really safe. Also, when diving into GGO, the real physical body would be in an unconscious state. Thus, no matter how much effort he had to use to enter, he wouldn't worry about being discovered..."
Kirito's words made Sinon gasp.
Ordinary houses were only installed with the electric keyless sensor lock like those on cars 7 to 8 years ago. Though it couldn't be broken through physically, the first generation locks' electrowaves were cracked and installed into an opening mechanism, making this device seem like some master key that can unlock all sorts of doors. Sinon remembered from the news in the past that this device could be sold for a high price in the black market. After that, Sinon bought a metal lock and an entrance keypad beside the electric lock, but still couldn't remove that uneasiness on her back.
«Death Gun» wasn't some dead soul that was resurrected from her past memories, and neither was he a game character with a mysterious ability, but a real killer.
As this reasoning continued, the realism came with it, and Sinon's heart started to create another fear that was different from just now. She felt pressured by this resistance she couldn't explain, and said out the final argument she could think of,
"Th-Then...the cause of death? You said it was heart failure, right? Was there something that could cause the heart to stop and fool the police and pathologists?"
"Maybe they inserted some drug..."
"Then...then they could just investigate to check it out, right? Like some traces of drugs that were injected..."
"...The corpses were only found after a few days, so the rotting was rather serious. And... unfortunately, there are many incidents where hardcore VRMMO players die of heart failure. They often won't eat and would only lie on the bed...if the room wasn't broken into or if there wasn't any money stolen, there would be a high chance that it would be determined to be natural death. The police seemed to have investigated the head of deceased, but they probably never thought that some drugs would be administered...if they never investigated this right from the start, it's unlikely for them to find this evidence."
"...How is it possible..."
Sinon used both hands to grab Kirito's jacket, continuing to shake her head like some disobedient kid.
Planning so hard just to kill people meaninglessly—she really couldn't understand the mental state of the person. Sinon could only feel a huge evil intent in that unlimited darkness.
"That's crazy..."
On hearing Sinon mutter, Kirito nodded his head as well.
"Yeeah...it is crazy. I can't understand it, but I think I could imagine why he wanted to do this. This guy spent so much effort probably to maintain his identity as a «Red Player». I...I could also feel that I was still a «swordsman» fighting on the front lines in Aincrad..."
Sinon immediately imagined—that name that she never heard before should be the floating city in the stage called «Sword Art Online». Immediately she forgot her own fear and nodded her own head.
"...I can understand...I can often see myself as a sniper...but if it's not just that mantle guy, who is his accomplice....?"
"Yeah, I think there's a high chance that the guy is most likely an SAO Survivor. Also, he may be a remnant of «Laughing Coffin»...both of them must work together flawlessly to accomplish such a killer plan...ah, don't tell me..."
Sinon's eyes immediately seemed to be asking Kirito who looked like he discovered something.
"Nothing, it wasn't anything much...it's just that, the Cross action that mantle guy drew...wasn't just to show off to the audience, but also some trick to check the time on his watch. He has to plan the «crime moment» together with his accomplice in the real world. But it would be too unnatural to look at the watch before firing."
"I see...if a mini-watch is on the inside of the wrist, it would be right in front of the eye once it touches the head..."
Sinon finally agreed with this assumption and nodded her head—
Her shoulders were suddenly grabbed by Kirito in front of her. He slowly opened his mouth and gave an even more serious expression,
"Sinon—do you, live alone?"
"Y...Yeah."
"Did you lock up the door and put the chain on?"
"I lock the door other than the electronic lock...but my house is the initial version...as for the chain..."
Sinon frowned and continued to search her memory before she dived in.
"...Maybe I didn't lock up."
"I see...then listen to me!"
As Sinon had never seen Kirito look so worried, her chest immediately felt like it was stuffed with ice blocks and had a chilly feeling throughout her deep inside.
No, I don't want to listen on— though she thought this way, the lips in front of her had no intention of stopping and said something shocking,
"At the ruins, when we were at the stadium, Death Gun already intended to use that gun after you were stunned. And...he really shot the gun at you when he used the mechanical horse. In other words...they were ready."
"Ready...what..."
Sinon asked in a voice which nearly couldn't be heard. Kirito himself nodded and answered softly,
"...Right now, at this moment—perhaps, the accomplice of Death Gun in the real world entered your room, and is waiting for the image of when the gun hits you."
After a long while, Sinon's consciousness finally comprehended what Kirito was saying.
The image around her immediately became blurry. The familiar scene of her room appeared in her mind. She was looking down at her 6mat room like it was an illusion.
The wooden floor tiles that were often vacuumed, the light yellow floor mat, the little wooden table.
The black table lined together with the similarly black pipe bed, facing the wall on the west. The bedsheet was completely white, with herself, still lying on the bed in a sweatshirt and shorts. At this moment, her eyes were closed, and there was a machine on her forehead that was made from twin-layered metal rings. Other than that—
There was also a black shadow stealthly standing there, watching Shino who was dived in. That person who was covered in black completely like a silhouette, but there was a single object that could be seen clearly, in his right hand. It was of a cylindrical shape and made of translucent glass, with a silver needle at its tip—a syringe full of deathly liquid.
"No...no..."
Sinon turned her neck and moaned. Even if the illusion was gone and she returned back to the cave, the glint of the needle in the intruder's hand was still in her eyes.
"No...that..."
This wasn't just the simple emotion of 'fear'. The intense emotion to resist should be running all over inside her body, causing her to continue to tremble. She couldn't move, and couldn't look around her. She was that weak, yet there was someone she didn't know watching her inside her room. No—that wasn't just it. That person could be touching the skin...looking for the place to inject...
There was a sudden blockage feeling deep inside Sinon's throat, causing her to be unable to breathe. She straightened her back and continued to gasp for air.
"Ah...ahhh..."
The light was leaving her, getting further and further away. A rumbling cry rang in her ears. Her 'soul' seemed like it wanted to leave her virtual body—
"No, Sinon!"
Her wrists were suddenly held forcefully, and there was a shocking voice that rang beside her.
"It's dangerous to auto log out now! Let's do our best...calm down! It's alright. You're not in danger yet!"
"Ah...ahh..."
Sinon opened her eyes that couldn't seem to concentrate, and her arms continued to flail. Finally, she got the person who let the voice out. Her arms were wrapped around the body which had warmth, only wanting to hug that person.
She immediately had this strong and forceful arm grab her back, exerting even more force to steady her. And the other hand reached out, gently stroking Sinon's hair.
The murmuring rang again,
"Before Death Gun's handgun...the «Blackstar» hits you, the intruder can't hurt you. That's the limitation these guys set. But if you log out because of your heart rate or a change in body temperature, there will be danger when you see the intruder's face. So you have to calm down first."
"But...but...it's scary...really scary..."
Sinon continued to cry like a kid and buried her face in Kirito's chest.
As the girl forcefully grabbed Kirito tightly, there was a weak but regular heartbeat from that person.
Sinon continued to try her best to listen to this sound to chase away the terrifying image in her mind. Tokun, tokun, almost a second each worth of heartbeat entered her body. Sinon's crazily beating heart finally went back to being like a regular beat.
As she recovered, she realized that she seemed to be on the same mental wavelength as Kirito, and her fear left her slightly. Even though the fear within her didn't vanish, the sanity that was enough to suppress these emotions was recovering.
"...Have you calmed down yet?"
Behind her, Kirito's deep voice rang as his hand was about to leave Sinon's back. However, Sinon shook her head slightly and said softly,
"Let's just leave it like this for the time being...alright..."
Though she didn't hear the reply, the girl's body again felt the other party hugging her. Every time the slender hand patted her head, there was a warm feeling that was melting the frozen heart of hers bit by bit. Sinon took a deep breath, closed her eyes and relaxed her body.
After maintaining that position for several seconds, she blurted,
"...Your hand, it feels like my mother's..."
"Mo-Mother's? Not like your dad?"
"I have no impression of my dad. He died in an accident when I was a baby."
"I see..."
Kirito's answer was rather short. Sinon forcefully brought her face near Kirito's chest,


"—Tell me. What should we do?"
Her voice was sturdier than what she imagined. Kirito stopped the hand that was patting Sinon's hair and immediately answered her,
"We'll take Death Gun down. With that, the accomplice who's ready to kill you in the real world can't do anything and leave. But you just need to stay here. I'll fight. That guy's handgun can't kill me."
"Is that...really alright?"
"Yeah. I didn't state my name and address when I registered, and I didn't dive in at my own house, and there's even someone beside me. Thus, I'm alright. I just need to beat that guy who broke the rules."
"But...even without that «Blackstar», that mantle guy is tough. You saw him dodge the Hecate's snipe even with a distance of 100m? Maybe he can match you if it's just dodging ability alone."
"Truthfully, I don't have the confidence to say that I'll definitely win...but the remaining choice, like what you said—we'll hide here all this time until there are 3 people, and both of us commit suicide..."
At this moment, Kirito glanced at the watch and Sinon looked at it too. It's 9:40pm. Unknowingly, the scan at 9:30 passed through. It's been about 25 minutes ever since they escaped to this hole.
Sinon looked at Kirito's face and then shook her head slightly,
"I probably can't hide here any longer. The other players should have noticed that we're hiding in a desert cave. There aren't many of them, so we may end up having grenade attacks. Or rather, we've been lucky that we were safe for 30 minutes."
"—I see..."
Kirito bit his lower lip and looked at the entrance of the cave. Sinon watched the side of his face silently and said,
"Since both of us worked together till now, let's just fight together until the end."
"...But...if you're hit by that handgun..."
"That thing was just an old single action handgun."
Sinon was more or less shocked that these words came straight out of her own mouth. That's because that handgun—the «Type-54 Blackstar» was always the sign of the fear that tormented her.
No, the fear never vanished. If it was just a coincidence that Death Gun chose the Blackstar as his split personality, that gun would be the curse Sinon could never shake off. However, at least in this game, the Type-54 handgun wasn't some powerful weapon. It was the increase in fear in her own heart that made her really afraid, that made her lose her original fighting ability.
"—Even if he shoots me, you'll just use that blade to easily knock those bullets back away for me, right? Besides, its rapid fire rate is several times less than an assault rifle."
On seeing Sinon suppress her own trembling and finish what she wanted to say, Kirito gave her a smile that had worry and relief in them.
"Good...I won't let him hit you. But for safety reasons, you better not appear in front of Death Gun."
After using his hand to stop Sinon who was about to argue back, Kirito continued,
"No, I'm definitely willing to fight with you. But Sinon, you're a sniper. Isn't your specialty to snipe from afar?"
"That's true..."
"Then let's do this. During the next scan, I'll appear outside to lure Death Gun over. That guy must be hiding somewhere to snipe me. I'll then use that bullet to find his hiding place, and you shoot him. How about it?"
"...You intend to be bait and spectator at the same time?"
Sinon could only grumble at this overly daring plan, but in terms of their abilities, this may be the best option. A close-ranged type working together with a far-ranged type would definitely cause one side's forces to be worn down.
Sinon took a hard deep breath and nodded her head,
"I got it. So be it then. But before that, you better not get shot to death by Death Gun in one hit."
"I, I'll try my best...but that guy's sniper rifle is almost completely silent, and I can't see the initial bullet line."
"I don't know who said that he wanted to 'predict the bullet line'."
Both of them were still close together. In such a conversation, Sinon felt that the fear that's clinging onto her back was leaving slightly.
Maybe there was a killer who entered her room in the real world—to be honest, she merely didn't look or think about this scary guess. Right now, she could only believe what Kirito said, that the person couldn't do anything once they take Death Gun down. Of course, besides Kirito's words, the virtual warmth he gave to Sinon brought some comfort to her. She will have to leave the hole, separate from Kirito and get into sniping mode alone. She didn't know whether she could maintain this current mental state. Thus, at least she should take more of the other avatar's warmth. Sinon leaned her body closer for the last time.
At this moment, Kirito muttered in a surprised manner...
"Eh...let's forget about that for now. Sinon, there was some red dot blinking at the bottom right corner since just now..."
"Eh..."
On looking over, she could find that it was just as what Kirito said. Sinon thought about what exactly he was talking about, but immediately looked up at bulletspeed. As expected, the object was at the top of the cave. She wanted to jump away from Kirito's legs, but it would be meaningless to do this now, and she could only sigh.
"Ahh...damn it, I was really careless..."
What was floating in the air—was something mysterious, a round aquamarine concentric circle. However, that wasn't a real object, but a glowing object in the game. Kirito, who discovered the same thing, tilted his head and asked,
"Eeh...what's that..."
Sinon shrugged her shoulders and then answered,
"A live camera feed. It would normally show the footage of battles, but now that there aren't many people left, they would come over here."
"Eh...damn it. Was our conversation just now..."
"Don't worry. It won't spread if we don't shout or something—How about we just wave our hands at them?"
Then, she continued with a cold and cruel voice,
"Or will you be troubled about letting some people see this footage?"
On hearing this, a terrified look flashed over Kirito's face, but he immediately slipped through with a stiff face.
"Ah—...no...well...I guess you're the one who should be worried. Speaking of which, those who are seeing this would most likely think that we're girls, right?"
"Uu..."
That was right. After that, she might have to explain to others what was going on. However—that was something that's to be done after they pass through this crisis.
Fuun, Sinon used her nose and snorted and said,
"—The one who panicked after discovering the camera had an uglier look. I don't really care. Well...if there was some rumor that I had some strange liking, at least it would reduce a lot of troubles to me."
"Do I have to act as a girl all the way?"
"Don't say that you forgot. You asked me to lead you by dressing as a girl...ah, it vanished!"
The outside audience can't tell that we were making jabs at each other after seeing us like that, right? As Sinon thought this, the object that represented the live camera feed disappeared as it looked for a new target.
Sinon sighed and then really supported her upper body.
"Ok...time's almost up. There're still two minutes till the next scan through. I'll stay inside the cave, and you go outside to check the device, okay?"
Sinon said as she slowly got up before pulling up Kirito who she used as a chair up till now.
Soon after taking a step back, the cold air of the desert immediately covered her entire body, causing her to shrink her neck back. She picked up her beloved gun beside her foot and then carried the metal gun that had a tinge of warmth in the cold air.
"Ah...speaking of which..."
She looked up after hearing Kirito's voice, and saw the lightsaber warrior frown, looking like he was thinking about something.
"What else? There's no time to alter our plan."
"No...the plan goes on. What I want to say is...Death Gun's real name, or rather, the actual name of the character should be that «Sterben»."
"Yes...right, that's true. Who knows how he derived that name."
"I'll ask if I get a chance to fight him at close range. I'll make a move first then."
The black-haired lightsaber warrior nodded his head as he watched Sinon's eyes. He then turned his slender body around and walked towards the exit of the cave.
This cold feeling that couldn't go away even though I'm carrying Hecate, is it because I'm nervous about facing the final battle, or is it that I'm in danger in the real world—or is it because Kirito left me? Sinon couldn't tell.
She brought her shoulders closer in, breathed in the dry desert air, and then said to the profile that was gradually moving away,
"...Be careful."
That profile's back that was facing Sinon gave a thumbs up on the right hand to answer her reminder.

Chapter 13
Asuna fought against an increasing uneasiness as she continued to wait for the moment to arrive.
Three minutes ago, she logged out from her room in Yggdrasil City, went back to the Dicey Cafe in the real world and then dialed that person's number. After questioning that person and forcing him to log into ALO, she went back to where everyone was gathered. It has been less than a minute since she logged in, but each second just felt extremely long.
“Calm down, Asuna...but you won't be listening to me anyway.”
Sitting beside her on the sofa was Lisbeth, and once she said this, Asuna then exhaled slightly before answering in a stiff voice,
“Yeah...sorry. But...I just have a bad feeling. Something big must have happened for Kirito-kun to hide this «Laughing Coffin» incident from us and convert to another world. This is definitely not because of a grudge...maybe there's something dangerous in the real world...”
“After seeing that just now...I can't say that you were thinking too much...”
What Lisbeth referred to was the strange incident that happened in the tournament event of the other world «Gun Gale Online», which was airing on the large screen on the wall that's facing the sofa.
The player in a mantle used this chilling handgun to fire one shot at the other player. And then, the player who was hit suddenly disappeared because of a disconnection. And the live telecast they were watching showed the mantle guy declaring to countless players “Don't forget. Nothing is, over. Nothing, is, over—it's showtime—”
On hearing these words, Klein, who was in front of the bar counter felt extremely shocked, but still indicated with certainty that the player under the mantle was a member of the SAO red guild «Laughing Coffin».
During the two years they wandered in the floating city, Asuna herself went through many large-scale battles, and the crusade alliance against the Laughing Coffin members may be one of the most dangerous ever. In a group battle of players vs players, there had never been a case when more than 30 players died.
To be honest, Asuna herself had forgotten about the details of this battle. However, what left the deepest impression on her was the back profile of the «Black Swordsman» that continued to swing his sword like a devil as he stood right in front of the crusade that was about to collapse. If it wasn't for him—Kirito's fighting, the crusade could have been wiped out.
The duration of the battle was rather short compared to clearing boss levels. After the deathmatch, there were about 10 casualties on the crusaders side, and Laughing Coffin had more than 20 casualties. They locked up the survivors of this red guild into the prison of the Black Iron Castle and then held a little mourning for those who died in battle—after that, nobody mentioned that battle again. No matter who it was, Asuna, Klein or Kirito, everyone forgot about this in their own way. That should have been the case...
...However, the unexpected thing was that it's been a year after SAO was cleared and every player was released, yet the bloodied past appeared right in front of them in such a manner.
In the room, Asuna, Klein, Lisbeth, Silica and even Lyfa, who had no direct connection to this continued to remain silent and wait, waiting for the person who should know what was going on.
Another minute after Asuna logged in again, someone finally knocked on the door. That person probably tried his best to log into ALO after receiving contact. However, Lisbeth shouted 'too slow!' the moment he opened the door, which did reflect the thoughts of the other four people.
“...I, I flew over here directly from where I logged in. If ALO has a speed limit, I'll have my license revoked.”
The person who said such a joke was the Undine mage who was like Asuna. His tall and skinny body was wearing a simple robe, and his deep blue hair was casually scattered aside. His gentle and skinny face was wearing silver round glasses.
The man's avatar name was called «Chrysheight». And he, who's considered an ally of Asuna and the rest, had been playing ALO for almost 4 months. However, those who know that his name was formed from the English words that could be translated from his name, «Chrysanthemum» and «Height», were only Asuna and Kirito.
His name in the real world was Kikuoka Seijirou. He was a member of the «Virtual Division» and also an investigator in the «SAO Incident Countermeasure Team». He assisted Kirito in all sorts of ways after he returned to the real world, and also helped save Asuna, so he should be considered their savior. As for why this person, in such a situation, would come over to ALO to create a new character, was because he said that 'I hope to play VRMMO to get more familiar with you guys, Kirito', only for Kirito to coldly state 'I bet this is for gathering information'. Asuna herself did feel that Kikuoka was a little suspicious, but there was no real need to refuse him. Thus, he, who wouldn't log in often, fought with the rest of the party as an ally. Until today, at this moment.
Chrysheight, no, once Kikuoka Seijirou closed the door, he went to the middle of the room in a familiar manner as compared to 4 months ago.
Asuna stamped her boots and arrived in front of Kikuoka, looking at his eyes that were as kind as the real world and simply asked,
“What happened?”
She called from Dicey Cafe, and said that she wanted to know about why Kirito converted to GGO, so she invited him over to her house in Yggdrasil. But as it was Sunday night, and Kikuoka was a civil servant who's single, it was a little too much to ask of him. Luckily, he was at home, so Asuna didn't need to say even more forceful things to him and managed to solve the problem. He said that he was at home, but his voice sounded really soft on the phone, and the phone had an even softer voice in the background. However, Asuna had no time to think about this. Speaking of which, since he rushed over in less than 2 minutes, Asuna should be the one apologizing for asking him out so suddenly, but the anxiety inside the girl made her ignore those words.
On hearing Asuna go straight into the topic, the eyes behind Chrysheight's delightful round spectacles suddenly blinked a few times. Asuna, who was familiar with Kikuoka, knew that he wasn't just shocked, but that his mind was thinking quickly as he showed this expression.
This mage who looked like a teacher coughed dryly a few times before saying,
“If I have to explain it in details, it may take quite some time. To be honest, I don't know how to begin...”
Just when Asuna was about to give him the 'don't mess around', a little figure appeared from the shadows of the glass cups and teacups on the table. The profile looked up at Kikuoka in an adamant manner.
“Let me help you explain it then.”
The owner of the voice was obviously Yui. That face which normally had a cute expression showed a serious expression like Kirito's, and then she said in a silver-bell-like voice,
“The self-proclaimed «Death Gun», or the player «Death Gun» started appearing in the world of «Gun Gale Online» from year 2025, November 9. He shot at the screen in the bar area in the capital of GGO, «SBC Gurokken»...”
Yui began with that and then explained the terrifying situation for another two minutes.
Inside the «anti-crime code area» that makes attacks ineffective, there were two seemingly meaningless shooting incidents. However, what happened then were disconnections that seemed to be triggered by the shooting. The two players who were hit never logged in again. And—in the real world, there were two strange corpses which died at the same time as the shooting.
“...As the news reports only mentioned that the deceased were playing a VRMMO, I couldn't tell if the game was GGO. But as the death symptoms were way too similar, I didn't need to hack into the morgue network system to deduce that the two dead people were «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako». And also, I determined that «Pale Rider», who was disconnected by «Death Gun» 6 minutes 40 seconds ago should be dead in the real world.”
Saying that, Yui closed her mouth and leaned on the glass cup beside her. Asuna quickly reached her hand out to cover the pixie's little body and carried her in front of her chest.
From how she researched the public news on the internet, to personal news, being able to make such conclusions and her language ability to use perfect Japanese to say the data out, the AI Yui's completeness would be rather astounding. But speaking of which, though Yui's ability was outstanding, her emotion process wasn't really strong. When she was the SAO «Mental health counseling program», she nearly crumbled as she was unable to handle the fear, greed, evil intent and negative thoughts that came from countless players.
To her, it should be a huge burden to find information about «Death Gun» and process it. Though the urgent situation Yui talked about brought a huge shock, Asuna still silently brought her lips over to Yui and whispered 'thank you'.
It seemed that Lyfa, Lisbeth, Silica and Klein, who were in the same room were all shocked, so everyone remained silent.
At this moment, the one who first broke the silence was Chrysheight's sturdy words.
“...That was really shocking. I thought that this little thing was the ALO support system «Navagation Pixie»... but to gather so much information and make conclusions in such a short time. Little girl...are you interested in ra(Katakana:?as in the Japanese version)...no, do you want to work for the «Virtual Division»?”
This bespectacled mage was glared at by Asuna after making a careless joke. He immediately raised his hands and said in a defeated tone,
“Sorry. I don't want to beat about the bush now. What the little girl explained...it's all true. «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako» died soon after they were shot by «Death Gun» because of serious heart failure.”
“...Oi, Chrysheight-san. Are you the one who requested Kirito to investigate? In other words, you knew about these murder incidents but still asked Kirito to move over there?”
Chrysheight raised his right hand to gently stop Klein, who jumped from the bar counter and approached him. At this moment, his spectacles reflected light, hiding the expression under the lens.
“Hold on, Klein-shi. Kirito and I came to the conclusion that those weren't 'murder cases' after discussing these two incidents.”
“What are you trying to say...?”
“Think about that, how do you kill people in a game? AmuSphere's not Nerve Gear. You people should know this best, right? AmuSphere was designed to prevent any damage, so no matter what method was used, it couldn't harm the user's head. It would be even more impossible to stop the heart which wasn't even directly connected to the machine. Kirito and I discussed this last weekend in the real world for a long time, and came to the conclusion that 'A gunshot in the game couldn't even hurt a real body in the real world'.”
On hearing the words Kikuoka said as if he was calming a raging student with calm and perfect logic, Klein could only growl as he went back to the round chair.
Then, Lyfa's hoarse voice broke the silence.
“Chrys-san. Why did you request onii-chan to enter GGO?”
The slender long legs reached out from Lyfa's bright green divided skirt as she stepped on the floor before standing up. Then this top-notch swordsman amongst the Sylphs slowly closed in on Kikuoka like it was a kendo match.
“...You should have felt before...no, you should have realized that there's something wrong now just like us, right? That player called Death Gun has some terrifying secret.”
“...”
This time, Kikuoka finally went silent, and at this moment, Asuna said a fact he shouldn't have known.
“...Chrys-san, «Death Gun» is a SAO Survivor like us. And he was also a member of the worst red guild, the «Laughing Coffin».”
The mage's tall and skinny body jerked, and his thin lips gasped.
Even this high-ranking official had to feel shocked. His normally narrow and kind eyes immediately widened. Two seconds later, Chrysheight said with a deep tone,
“...Is this true?”
“Yes. I can't remember his name, but Klein and I can testify as we had taken part in the «Laughing Coffin Crusade». In other words...Death Gun didn't kill in the game for the first time. Could you call it a coincidence?”
“Bu...but...then, Asuna-kun, do you really think there was some supernatural power or curse existing? Did Death Gun use some supernatural power from SAO and used it to kill?”
“Well...”
Asuna could not nod her head immediately and could only bite her lips.
During this time, Lisbeth used this opportunity to say,
“Asuna...does Chrysheight know about SAO? I heard that he was an official involved with the internet in the real world and came to play ALO to research on VRMMO...”
At this moment, Kikuoka himself unexpectedly nodded his head to admit it. Maybe he never intended to keep his identity a secret. He started explaining his position.
“You're right, Lisbeth-kun. I used to work in another job though. I was a member of the «SAO Case Victims Rescue Force» once. Even so...we couldn't think of any counter-action, and is just a group with no real power...”
On hearing him say this, Lisbeth widened her eyes slightly, showing a complicated look on her face.
Chrysheight acted like he didn't do anything, but what he said wasn't true. The «Rescue Force» took action actively in November 2022 after the SAO incident happened, and quickly moved 10,000 victims over to hospitals all over the country. It was said that it was hard to get rooms and fees, but the groups' continued negotiation through soft and hard means caused the government department to take action. Asuna heard from Kirito that this Kikuoka was the center of this group. Right now, all the SAO Survivor knew about the tough fight the «Rescue Force» did, and every single one of them was grateful for what they did.
Being hard-pressed between the anger they had about him requesting Kirito to do such a dangerous job and the fact that he helped them before, Lisbeth and Klein could only remain silent. Asuna herself represented everyone and said silently to Kikuoka,
“Chrysheight...I don't know how Death Gun killed. However, I can't just let Kirito fight alone against this sworn enemy. You can find the real address and name of this player who called himself Death Gun, right? It's not easy, but if we list all the survivors of «Laughing Coffin» and then check whether their houses were linked to the GGO server, or if you ask the contracted network server to provide data...”
“Ho, hold on. There has to be a warrant from the court before we can do these, but it will take quite some time to explain the entire situation...”
Kikouka raised his arms to comfort Asuna, but blinked as if he noticed something and then shook his head weakly.
“No, this can't be done. The data the Virtual Division has on SAO players were the real names, character names and final levels. Their guild name and their... number of human kills were unknown. Thus, we can't find his name and address in the real world just by knowing that he was originally a member of «Laughing Coffin».”
“...”
Asuna bit her lips hard. She did have an impression on «Death Gun»'s manner of speech and actions. She definitely saw him during the crusade and when they were clearing up after the crusade. But no matter what, she was unable to remember his name. No, she never once thought of knowing his name as she wanted to quickly remove the memory of that guild...
“—Onii-chan must be in the battlefield trying to remember his name.”
Lyfa suddenly said this.
In a certain sense, this girl was closer to Kirito in the real world than anyone—as she was his kin. She held her hands tightly in front of her chest and continued,
“Onii-chan looked scared when he came back last night. I guess he should have noticed that a member of «Laughing Coffin» was in GGO during the preliminaries yesterday. And he found out that person could really kill someone through some method. So to remember that person's past name and make him stop «PK»...onii-chan would want to put an end to this...”
Hearing this, Asuna gasped slightly.
Though she was a little unhappy, Lyfa's guess should be right. No, Kirito would even think that it was «his responsibility». It was their duty as members of the Laughing Coffin Crusade to stop them from doing evil ever again.
—Kirito-kun, you...you're always like this no matter when...
“This...THIS IDIOT...!”
Klein shouted and slammed at the bar table. The chin that had a full moustache twisted his lips and continued shouting,
“THAT'S TOO SELFISH! IF YOU HAD JUST SAID SOMETHING...IF YOU HAD JUST SAID SOMETHING, EVEN IF I WOULD HAVE TO GO THROUGH HELL, I WOULD HAVE DEFINITELY TRANSFERRED OVER...”
“Yeah...but Kirito-san wouldn't say this. He won't get us involved once he feels that there's danger. He's that sort of person...”
Hearing the crying and smiling Silica say that, Lisbeth beside her smiled and nodded.
“...That is right. He was like that from before... If it's like that, then right now in the tournament, he might be protecting someone from the enemy.”
On hearing those words, everyone looked at the large screen on the wall like they were attracted over.
There were scenes of special effects coming out from the guns, but there was still no sign of Kirito's name, and the mantle guy who called himself «Death Gun» never appeared.
Thinking about it carefully, everyone present didn't know how Kirito looked in GGO. If he wasn't even the main character that the camera was focused on which shows the name, but as an opponent fighting on the screen, Asuna and the rest wouldn't even recognize him. However, at least the player namelist on the right side of the screen had Kirito's name on, and the other players were quickly shown to be [Dead], he was still [Alive]. This meant that he was having a savage battle silently with «Death Gun» on this wide lone island that became a battlefield.
Asuna couldn't take part in the tournament even if she converted over to GGO, so she could not help Kirito. But she wanted to do something to support, protect and encourage her lover.
Asuna held the passionate feelings inside her and asked Lyfa,
“Lyfa-chan, Kirito-kun didn't dive in from his own room, right?”
“Yeah, that's right. I only know that he dived into GGO from somewhere in the city.”
Asuna herself heard of this from Kirito. The reason why she didn't log into ALO at home but at the Dicey Cafe in Okachimachi was that she wanted to meet Kirito immediately after the tournament's over. Asuna nodded her head and turned to Kikuoka.
“...Chrysheight. You should know where Kirito-kun logged in, right?”
“Ah...well...”
The mage in long robes shook his head and murmured, and that sea-colored hair of his continued to shake with a strange angle. But just before Asuna was about to step forward, he immediately nodded his head and said,


“—Yes, I know. I arranged for the place to log in, so the safety's alright. There's CCTV, and someone is keeping him company all the time. I can guarantee that Kirito-kun's body in the real world won't be in any danger...”
“Where's the place?”
“...Well...that's...in the hospital at Ochinomizu in Chiyoda...but don't be insecure that it's a hospital. I chose that place to allow easy access to an ECG. Of course, it's not like I knew that something could happen to the body...”
Kikuoka continued to say words that sounded like excuses, but Asuna waved her hand to interrupt him and questioned him,
“The hospital in Chiyoda? That one Kirito-kun stayed at as he recuperated?”
“Yeah, that's the one...”
—It was nearby. Right between the Dicey Cafe in Okachimachi and Ochinomizu was Suehirochou. It wouldn't even take 5 minutes to get there by taxi.
Thinking this, Asuna said firmly,
“I want to get over there. To where Kirito-kun is in the real world.”

Chapter 14
I separated from Sinon and walked out of the cave. The red color of the sunset in the sky was nearly gone, leaving only the last trace of purple in the night.
I, who always thought that the world of GGO was always in the sunset, was slightly shocked that this world also had late night and looked up in the sky. But after thinking about it, it had to be close to 10pm in the real world, so it’s obvious that the night sky would become dark.
There seemed to be no stars in the sky. It’s said that there was some large-scale galactic war on this world in the past, and civilization started to decline. Right now, humans could only rely on the remains of past technology to survive. This wide night sky would even make one wonder if the planets in the galaxy were destroyed.
Suddenly, there was a small light that shone in the endless darkness from the south-west direction.
A meteor—of course that wasn’t what it was. It was an artificial satellite. Ever since the last civilization shot one up, there had been no one using it now, and it continued to send information.
9:45pm. It was time for the 7th «Satellite Scanner» since the 3rd Bullet of Bullets finals began.
I turned my eyes away from the night, took the thin terminal out from my belt pouch and touched its surface. The screen immediately lit up, and the map of the surroundings appeared on it. This lone island that became the battlefield for the tournament seemed to be completely covered by desert in the north. There were a few rocky hills and little green pastures and also a flat barren land that didn’t change. Speaking of which, this place shouldn’t be suited for sniping.
After leaning my back on the rock wall near the hole, I tried my best to hide myself and continued to watch the device. Several seconds later, the center of the map showed a light silently. I didn’t need to touch it to know that this light represented me—Kirito. Of course, Sinon, who was waiting in the cave beside me never showed up on the map.
Unexpectedly, there weren’t other players who were alive in this desert in a 5km radius around me. Even if «Death Gun»—«Sterben» would use the «Optical Camouflage» and not appear on the map, the other players who realized that Sinon and I were hiding in a desert cave should be gathered nearby and would be ready to lob grenades into the cave.
This doesn’t sound necessarily great—but there were countless grey light dots shown all over the desert. These should be players who have retired, but there were so many «dead bodies», and yet we didn’t hear any sound of battle from the cave. Speaking of which, it’s really unbelievable.
I hurriedly adjusted the receiver's magnification and found that there was a light dot 6km southwest. After touching it with my fingertip, the name shown was «Yamikaze». This name seemed familiar.
Looking down even more, I found out that there were a few dark dots and two light dots that were fairly close. The survivors were «No-no» and «Fernil». I then increased the range to display the entire island on the screen. However—there were no more lights. Even the player Sinon called «CampeRichie», who occupied the peak of the southern hills ever since the beginning of the tournament had become dark. Also, there were two dark dots near him. It seemed that he was ganged up on.
In other words, including Sinon and Death Gun who didn’t appear on the map, there were only 6 people left in this wide battlefield.
Of course, there could be a possibility that the other players were hiding in caves or underwater, but without the unique ability of Death Gun, they wouldn’t be able to receive information from the satellite. Also, at this moment where the tournament’s about to end, there shouldn’t be anyone who’s patient enough to not take a look at the current standings…
“…Ah.”
Just when I was thinking about this as I watched the receiver, there was a sudden important change on the screen, and I couldn’t help but hold back my cry.
This wasn’t because the number of light dots increased. In fact, it was the opposite. 2 light dots in the ruins nearby suddenly went dark.
These two people probably didn’t realize that another person was nearby. And after seeing the screen, they realized that the enemy could be behind a wall where they were. They then hurriedly threw a grenade and caused both sides to die—or that’s how I think it went. If this were really the case, these two experts who fought like this until now were probably depressed over having to be eliminated like this. I had to hold back my urge to pray ‘Amen’ to them and send them off.
Anyway----just like that, the battle royale that originally began with 30 players was now left with four. Also, shown on the screen was just Yamikaze and me.
I finally counted the number of light and dark dots that were scattered all over the island.
And then gave a low moan.
“Eh…”
I hurriedly counted again, but no matter how I counted, the number never changed. The receiver screen showed only 2 surviving white dots. And also, the number of dots that were eliminated was 24.
The numbers didn’t tally. Beside Sinon and Death Gun who didn’t appear on the screen, there were only 28 people. Even if we count «Pale Rider» who disconnected and disappeared after being shot by the handgun, there should be only 29 people. There’s still only one person left.
Did someone betray my expectations and hide inside a cave or underwater? Otherwise…
Death Gun «erased» another player.
No. This shouldn’t be possible. Death Gun’s avatar, his accomplice in the real world should be waiting in Sinon’s house or somewhere nearby. I didn’t think of using Sinon as bait, but Death Gun’s accomplice can’t move to other targets’ houses like that.
—No, maybe…did I leave out something important…?
No. Now’s not the time to hesitate. I closed my eyes hard and shook aside the cold air that surrounded me.
Once I opened my eyes, the light dots that were shown on the screen were starting to flicker. It seemed that the satellite was about to leave soon. Maybe…no, I don’t think I need to do another scan. I silently said farewell deep inside to the satellite which worked hard and immediately looked around. Under the desert that was covered in slight darkness, there wasn’t anything that could move or was glowing. I placed the device that lost its information back into the belt pouch before turning around and walking back to the cave.
The girl who was carrying the large sniper rifle didn’t hide at the bottom of the buggy, but was waiting at the right corner of the cave.
“So? How is it?”
Sinon shook the short aquamarine hair that was tied to both sides as she asked anxiously. I tried to clearly and simply explain the entire situation to her.
“Two people took each other out during the scan, so all that’s left should be 4 of us: me, you, «Yamikaze» and «Death Gun» who didn’t appear on the screen. Yamikaze’s 6km down southwest, and Death Gun should be moving over from a certain point in the desert. Also, there may be someone hiding in the cave like us.”
I really couldn’t say my suspicion that someone could have died by Death Gun’s hands. Sinon herself didn’t seem to notice my worry as she muttered while looking somewhat surprised,
“…Only 4, 5 people left…”
But she then nodded her head and said,
“It’s been past 1 hr and 45 minutes. In the estimated 2 hours the tournament would likely take, this progress would be able to meet that. However, it’s really strange that no one threw a grenade in here…”
“Yeah…those who were searching for us were probably dealt with by Death Gun using the sniper rifle. There were a lot of grey dots all over the desert.”
“In that case…that guy should get the Max Kill award.”
After shrugging with a complicated look, Sinon seemed to be motivated again and said this,
“Forget about that. The problem now is «Yamikaze». You’re the only survivor who appeared on his terminal, so he’ll definitely come for you.”
“I think I heard that name before…is he strong?”
After I asked, Sinon gave an incredulous look,
“The second place in the last tournament. He’s a super AGI boost type. Called the «Devil of Run and Gun».”
“Ru…run and gun?”
“«Run and Gun», running and shooting as he continues to move. His weapon is the extremely light submachine gun «Calico M900A». He lost to the rare gun and defense equipment Zekushiido had the last time and got second, but some would say that Yamikaze’s skills were stronger.”
“This…this means that he’s the strongest player in the GGO Japanese server…”
Thinking about it, since he’s able to make his way to the end of the battle, he should be extremely strong. Just when I was thinking about this, Sinon brought that sort of determined voice into my ears,
“Well…you just said that the real killer was «Death Gun»’s accomplice in the real world, right? If your guess is correct, Death Gun can only kill me because the accomplice’s in my house.”
“…”
I was a little, no, perhaps rather shocked as I watched her face that reminded me of a cat-like animal.
An unknown killer was ready to harm her body in the real world. The fear in this situation may even surpass the bind I had with the Nerve Gear and the rules of the death game I experienced. At this moment, Sinon’s blue eyes were showing fear, but I could see the glint that’s fighting against it. She continued to say in a cool tone to me, who was dumbstruck.
“Anyway, this means that we don’t have to worry about Yamikaze being killed by Death Gun. Then, even though I’m sorry for Yamikaze, we can also use him as bait, right? If Death Gun uses the L115 to snipe Yamikaze, we can find his location. This is much more effective than you going alone as bait…and basically, I’m doing something similar.”
The last words should be referring to how she’s holding Death Gun’s accomplice in the real world. Even though she trembled a bit at the end, it’s impressive that she had the concentration to finish it off.
“…You’re really strong, Sinon.”
The sniper girl blinked and then smiled,
“…I just didn’t think about that. I was always good with ignoring things I’m scared of.”
Then, she immediately said something else to cover over that dig at herself.
“Anyway, how’s that strategy? I think it’s a situation where we have to use it.”
“Yeah…that’s true. I agree with your strategy too…but…”
I bit my lips slightly and then said a doubt that remained in my heart a few minutes back.
“…There’s something I’m worried about. During the satellite scan just now, I counted the number of survivors and those eliminated. There were 28 people. Even if we include Pale Rider, there’s still one less player.”
“…Don’t tell me, Death Gun killed someone else after that?”
Sinon widened her eyes, but immediately shook her head.
“Tha…that’s impossible! The accomplice’s target should be me, right? The outside’s not a virtual world. How can he move to such a place so quickly? Was another player in the same apartment as me?”
“Yo…you’re right…but thinking about it, this is really a bit unnatural…”
I glanced at my watch. It’s been two minutes since the scan ended, thus I quickly mentioned all the doubts on my mind clearly,
“About 30 minutes elapsed from the moment Death Gun shot Pale Rider and got ready to shoot you near the stadium. In other words, Pale Rider in the real world should be living about 30 minutes away from you. Of course, this isn’t impossible, but don’t you find that it’s too much of a coincidence?”
“…But, that’s just a possibility.”
I said the doubt that crept up my mind during the satellite scan to the frowning Sinon.
“No. Listen…maybe there isn’t just one person as Death Gun's accomplice. If there were multiple «task forces», even if someone stayed behind to attack you, he can also harm another target. In other words…we can’t deny the possibility that Yamikaze is a target of Death Gun.”
“…!”
Sinon gasped and hugged her huge sniper rifle hard. She shook the face that showed a little white light in the slightly dark space.
“Ho, how’s that possible…? Are you saying that there are at least 3 people who’re taking part in this horrifying killer plot?”
“…There were at least 10 survivors from the ex-«Laughing Coffin» guild. Also, those guys were locked in the same jail for almost half a year. Maybe they exchanged contacts in the real world…to be a little extreme, they had enough time to thoroughly go through with this plan. Of course, not all 10 people can take part…but we have no proof to decide that there is only one accomplice.”
“…Why…why must they plan so much just to continue this «PK»…? They just got released from the death game, so why…?”
On hearing her trembling vice, I used my dry throat to squeeze an answer out.
“…Maybe it's the same reason why I wanted to be a «swordsman» and why you wanted to be a «sniper»…”
“…”
I thought that Sinon would be angry, but she merely bit her lips. Then, her slender body stopped trembling, and her blue eyes were giving off a strong glow.
“…If that’s the case, we have all the more reason to not to lose to these guys. I just used the word «PK», and I want to take that back. A lot of people are PKing in this game, and I joined a squadron that was based on this. However, PKing has rules and realizations. Killing completely unconscious players who dived in through drugs isn’t PKing. It’s just despicable crime…just killing.”
“Yeah…that’s right. We can’t let these people continue on like this. We have to beat «Death Gun» here and make him pay for his crimes with his accomplices in the real world.”
In fact, half of these words were said to myself.
That’s right—that’s my top priority. I have to start all over here. This is to redeem myself for killing two people in my madness that night and taking another person’s life after that.
This should be a battle I have to face alone, but this sniper girl got completely involved. I could only watch her silently.
If her safety’s the priority, we can make Yamikaze fight Death Gun and immediately suicide once one of them wins. However, the worst thing was that the tournament would still go on if that person who didn’t appear on the map wasn’t Death Gun’s victim, but was hiding underwater or in a cave. And Death Gun would take down Yamikaze and then shoot at Sinon who’s unable to move while I’m a corpse for the time being. Also, if Yamikaze was Death Gun’s target, we would only end up increasing the number of victims.
Thus, I have to fight. I want to protect Sinon, deal with Yamikaze, and beat Death Gun. This isn’t easy, but I have to complete all these—
As I thought about this, Sinon herself said with an adamant voice,
“Leave Yamikaze to me then.”
“Eh…”
“That guy’s strong. Even you can’t beat him immediately. Besides, Death Gun will use this opportunity to show up when you two are fighting.”
“That…that’s true, I guess…”
Sinon saw me give an ambiguous expression, released the gun from her right hand and then patted on my chest.
“Besides, you must be thinking about protecting me.”
I was unable to say anything back as these words hit the target. The small mouth of that sniper immediately smiled, but then scowled again.
“Stop joking around. I’m the sniper. You’re the supporter. Just help me find the enemies’ positions. Leave Yamikaze and Death Gun to me.”
I don’t really understand a small part of these words, but I could only give a wry smile and nod my head,
“I see. I’ll leave it to you then… I guess both of them should be nearby. I’ll ride out in the buggy. You’ll leave the cave a little later and find a spot to snipe.”
After we confirmed the plan we had a while back, Sinon nodded her head.
This time, the serious expression returned to her face. The girl looked at me straight on from the front and then said simply,
“I’ll leave it to you then, partner.”

Sinon set her beloved Hecate’s scope into night vision mode and then placed her right eye on it.
In this vast desert, there wasn’t anything moving around at that moment. However, Yamikaze in the southwest side and Death Gun, whose whereabouts are unknown, should be approaching this place.
Sinon chose a short hilly peak as the sniping area, and right below the rocky hill was the cave they were hiding in just now. It was hard to spot this place from the ground, and she could get a birds-eye view all around. However, there is the risk of danger. Though it’s a short hilltop, the peak’s still more than 10m tall from the ground. Someone like Sinon, whose VIT isn’t high, can’t jump down just like that. Also, there’s only one way to get up to here. If the enemy was nearby, she could be pierced through by bullets with nowhere else to go.
However, now’s the time where she should shake away all negative thoughts. The sniper continued to try and keep herself calm as she stealthily turned her beloved gun to the right.
Thus, she spotted a figure right in the middle of a large sand dune.
The night wind that continued on and off blew his waist-length black hair at times. He’s wearing a black army uniform on his slender body, making him look like he was about to mix into the darkness. That profile was more of an elf swordsman in the middle of a fantasy desert rather than a soldier with a gun.
Right in front of Kirito was the transport both of them took from the ruins to here—the three-wheeler buggy. It didn’t have much fuel when it ran out of the cave, so it shouldn’t be able to move now. However, the buggy still fulfilled its duty obediently until the end. Its massive frame was used as a cover by Kirito. It’s easy to spot, but people couldn’t really snipe him from the north easily.
The rocky hill Sinon was hiding at was on the south side of where Kirito was, and this was a location that had only a few attack options. In other words, Death Gun’s L115 could only attack from the west and the east. Also considering that Yamikaze was coming over from the west, Death Gun would probably take action from the east. That should be what Kirito was thinking. His face that didn’t look any different from a girl when looked from afar was facing the blueish-white moon that was gradually moving up through the hole in the thick clouds.
Death Gun would probably not use the stun bullets when sniping Kirito, but use the .338 Lapua Magnum. It would almost guarantee an immediate death once that kind of bullet hits the head or the heart. Even if it only hits the limbs, the impact damage would cause half the HP to be gone. Also, Kirito would find it hard to dodge this attack. Death Gun’s first bullet didn’t have the bullet line, and he could also use the «Metamaterial Optical Camouflage» to hide and snipe. Of course, there would be footprints on the sand, so he couldn’t move to a position where he could get a sure hit. But even so, Death Gun had an overwhelming advantage.
—But, if it’s you.
You, who cleared that «Untouchable Game» when we first met and could even slice Hecate’s bullet from point blank, you’ll definitely be able to dodge it, Kirito.
Sinon said this to him in her heart, and then turned her eyes back to the rifle.
Her job was to allow Kirito to maximize his concentration. Thus, they had to quickly deal with the strongest AGI-type attacker, Yamikaze that was closing in from behind.
If they had time and if the situation was safe, maybe Yamikaze would personally avoid trouble or even help out if they explained things to him. However, it would be extremely impossible to make him believe that there’s a real killer incident in the final stage of the BoB. If Sinon herself didn’t witness Death Gun and feel the chill on being aimed at by the Blackstar, she would only laugh at what Kirito said.
Thus, they could only take down Yamikaze. Zekushiido didn’t take part in this tournament, so almost everyone would think that he’s the player with the highest chance of winning. And she had to kill him in one hit.
…Can the me right now really do this?
Sinon used her naked right eye to look through the entire vast desert as she tried her best to resist the doubt and fear that was slowly creeping up on her. All the snipes she made on the three-wheeler buggy when they escaped from the ruins were pathetic. She couldn’t even hit the mantle guy, and even the hit on the truck’s gas tank was merely a coincidence. All the pride Sinon built up till then was immediately wrecked at that moment.
As a sniper, Sinon’s role is to gather up the number of kills and practice her refined sniping techniques. One day, when she could win in the BoB tournament, the Asada Shino in the real world will feel real strength. At that moment, she could then give up her fear of guns, wouldn’t think about it and could live on normally. She always believed that ever since she accepted Shinkawa Kyouji’s invitation to GGO.
However, this wish may be off the mark.
Unknowingly, she had already thought that she separated her heart into two different existences, «Sinon» and «Shino», forming the strong Sinon and the weak Shino. But this was wrong. Sinon in the game still had the weakness that’s left in the real world, so she was afraid of that Blackstar handgun and missed that snipe.
Anyway, what she was looking for was «herself». After meeting this enigmatic boy Kirito, she finally found this out. Perhaps he definitely was this sort of person in the real world. Fighting his own weaknesses, fighting all the time, even if he didn’t have a lightsaber at his waist.
In that case, Shino in the real world should originally have that tough personality she had in the game.
—I shall fire this bullet as the ordinary person Shino. Just like that incident 5 years ago.
I continued to escape that moment, just wanting to forget, erase it and close my eyes, just wanting to vandalize it with pens.
But I won’t do that again. I want to look at my own memory and crime, back to that moment, and build on from there. Maybe this was the moment I had always been waiting for.
In that case—
Now’s the moment.
Sinon’s right eye captured the black profile that was quickly moving over through her scope. «Yamikaze» was there.
She immediately placed her fingers on the trigger. However, she still couldn’t exert force yet. There was only one chance to snipe. There’s no time to move and readjust her position.
If she missed, Yamikaze would definitely aim for Kirito. At that moment, no matter how strong Kirito was, he couldn’t handle both Death Gun and Yamikaze. He would definitely be taken down by one of the two. Then, Death Gun would just need to deal with Yamikaze and easily use the Blackstar to attack Sinon just as he planned. The virtual 7.62mm bullet would hit Sinon, and once this image was sent to the screen telecasting this in the outside world, the accomplice in the real world would inject the fatal drug into Shino’s body and cause her heart to stop.
In other words, this one bullet could decide Shino’s real fate. Just like that time.
However, she felt unbelievably calm. Maybe she just couldn’t understand the entire situation, but that’s definitely not just it. She’s not alone. A certain someone, a certain strength was supporting her. There was a slight heat that was warmly melting those stiff and numb fingers. What was this—
The Hecate II. This other half of her who went into numerous battlefields with her, the one and only alter ego of her.
…Ah, I see. So you were always accompanying me. Not just in the hands of a sniper…but also being with an ordinary girl like me. You still continued to encourage me even though I can’t see you.
…Please. Lend this weak me strength. Grant me strength to again move on from here.

In Aincrad, the floating city that had already disappeared, we fought hard in there, and every day, the swordsmen of the attack group would find «Outside System Skills» when they battle and train.
For example, when dueling, there’s the «prerecognition» that comes with the position of the sword and the avatar’s center of gravity, the «insight» that can predict the attack patterns of monsters from long range and through the attack pattern, the «Distinguish» that allows players distinguish the enemy’s sound effects from the background sound and find them, the «mislead» to lure the AI monsters' learning capacity and give it a heavy burden, the «switch» that allows multiple players to switch positions and allow them to recover their HP.
And amongst these skills that weren’t listed in the ability column, the hardest skill to get, and even treated as a supernatural one was the «presence sense»—also called «Hypersense».
That’s to feel the presence of the enemy before seeing and hearing first. It’s also a skill to «sense killing intent».
There’s one group who denied the existence of this skill since logically, it’s impossible to detect this so-called killing intent in the virtual world. Humans who were dived in could only use the digital data Nerve Gear sent over to identify the world, so all the information codes in this game could be changed into a process. Of course, that would mean that there couldn’t possibly be vague things like killing intent or sixth sense.
Their reasoning was actually logical. Even I wouldn’t really agree that the «Hypersense» skill exists.
However, during the 2 years I fought in Aincrad, I did experience what could be said as «a sense of killing intent» a few times. I didn’t see or hear anything, but I just had the feeling that someone was watching me and didn’t move further into the dungeon. In the end, I did manage to save my own life a few times.
Earlier this year, I mentioned this once to my «daughter» Yui. Yui was once the affiliated AI to the «Cardinal System» that operated SAO, and she definitely indicated that in SAO and «The Seed» program that was derived from it, there weren’t any other methods of knowing the existences of monsters other than the five senses.
—Thus, I shouldn’t be able to notice the enemy if he hid silently in a place I couldn’t see. Thus, I explained the thoughts I had for a long time to Yui.
Players who dived into VRMMO would use the game server signal that’s constantly far away from them, to check «their» own status. When moving alone in a wilderness or dungeon, they could only check their own data. However, if someone tried to ambush the player, access of the status signals would become twice or more. At this moment, the system process would become slower, and finally causing a slight delay in transmission, and this could possibly be the «killing intent» I felt—
After hearing my guess, Yui showed a doubtful look and then said that if the server became slower due to this level of processing, it would be eliminated. However, she later added that to put it bluntly, she couldn’t dare to deny this possibility completely.
In the end, maybe it’s more convincing to say that it was some supernatural power.
But now in this situation, I couldn’t care about such reasoning.
Having played so many VRMMOs, this was the first time I was forced to only rely on the «Hypersense» skill.

Far up in the sky that had the last remaining light in it, I could see the blueish-white plate hanging high up in the blurry sky. It’s a full moon today, but maybe it’s because the thick clouds covering it that it felt even darker than Alfheim. The silhouettes of the sand dune were half merged into the night, and it’s difficult to even tell whether the silhouettes were cacti or rocks.
If... If someone was hidden behind these objects and points the gun that had a sure-kill ability, I may be unable to spot him with my naked eye. Also, the enemy who’s ready to snipe me also had an advantage of being able to become completely transparent. The only thing I could hope for visually was the footprints that are going to be imprinted on the sand. However, even I can’t see the distance more than 1km away if I want to see it. Also, the footsteps that can be heard when the enemy’s moving will be blown away by the wind and won’t reach my ears.
—Then, I might as well close my eyes and cover my ears.
I shook my fear aside and silently closed my eyes. Then, I removed the wind, the dry cold air and the rolling of the sand beside my feet out of my consciousness.
Then, there was a sudden movement far away. Someone was running really quickly. The direction was from the southwest side, so this was «Yamikaze» instead.
I tried my best to hold back the impulse to chase after his profile. Yamikaze was Sinon’s prey, so she’ll definitely stop him. Thus, I removed the footsteps behind me through my consciousness and gather all my senses from the front, desperately increasing my concentration to feel any possible «changes».
Ah…that’s right. I remember it now. During that night where we had the Laughing Coffin Crusade, I didn’t notice those guys’ ambush because of any visuals or sounds. I just had a «bad feeling». I then instinctively turned around and found that there were some shadows moving through the fork of the dungeon.
What was the name of that guy who led the charge against us again? It was not the leader of Laughing Coffin, «PoH». He wasn’t around that time if I remember correctly. Most likely, it’s a certain cadre. That guy’s weapon was an «Estoc» that was thin like some type of needle, a weapon that strengthened its piercing ability without the blade. It swayed as it brought its sharp tip at me, and it was even giving off a small glint of light…
Did I kill that guy the last time? No, I don’t think so. After I wore his HP down to less than half, that guy switched with his partner and slowly went backwards.
Before he left, he should have said something to me. It wasn’t some big words or something, but a stuttering, ear-piercing voice that sounded like some ‘shuu shuu’ voice in little parts.
“…Kirito. After this, I’ll definitely, kill you finely.”
—That manner of speech, that presence, and those eyes that let out the red glows under the hood—
Suddenly, there was a sharp painful feeling that’s right between my eyebrows.
It’s this kind of feeling. This thing that’s targeted at me, this icy-coldness that’s merciless and sticky—killing intent.
I immediately opened my eyes.
Far away in the desert, underneath a cactus that’s slightly north in the east direction, a sudden glow bursted brightly.
Was that the sword tip of an Estoc or the flare of a sniper rifle being fired?
I turned my body to the right. No, once I was about to tilt to the right, the attack force that had shocking intensity gathered on my forehead. The flow of time started to change. That extremely heavy feeling felt like it could even freeze the air—
The bullet that was rotating at high speed, grazed past my temple cutting off a strand of my hair and flew behind me as I tilted slightly.
“Oh…OOOOOOOOOOO!!!!”
I abandoned the remaining trace of black hair that was in the air and kicked at the sandy ground hard with a roar.

—Fast!
Though her scope finally managed to catch sight of «Yamikaze»’s profile, his fleeting speed far exceeded Sinon’s expectation. With his AGI stat boosted to the max and the dash skill raised to the maximum level, that shocking movement speed made him really look like some black whirlwind.
The equipment that’s worn on Yamikaze’s little body was a dark blue uniform that had the lowest amount of protection. He didn’t bring any support weapon, and only a plasma grenade on his waist. This person didn’t even wear a helmet and showed his thin face. His long and thin arms were holding the M900A, and together with his upper body that was tilted forward, he didn’t shake at all even when running. That speed which left only an afterimage as he continued to run was more like a «Ninja» than a soldier. Also, he wasn’t just fast—he never stopped.
Even players who have extreme confidence in their own speeds would find a place to cover after running a while, look around to observe their surroundings before continuing. To a sniper like Sinon, the moment he stops would be the best chance to snipe.
However, even though Yamikaze also used cover like cactus and rocks, he never even stopped. He knew that continuous dashing would be the safest defense for a character that focuses on AGI.
…what should I do? Should I predict his movement and shoot? But Yamikaze’s not running in a straight line. He’s running over sand dunes and peaks; this trajectory can’t even be predicted. Or maybe I should aim my first bullet at his feet and take care of him while he gets down for cover? To a seasoned veteran like him, this old-fashioned trick may or may not work. Also, from the second bullet on, the enemy could see the «bullet line». Should I really abandon the greatest advantage of a snipe weapon—the first shot without a bullet line?
Sinon hesitated. However, this hesitation wasn’t of the fear and perplexity like on the three-wheeler buggy. Her mind was rather cool and collected. The wooden stock of the Hecate brought a smooth feeling to her face, and that, together with the fact that the boy standing with his back to Yamikaze believed in Sinon, gave her strength.
She shouldn’t gamble and shoot Yamikaze that’s running around…
After hesitating for a while, the girl made this conclusion and slightly relaxed her finger.
She would only squeeze the trigger once she was certain that she would hit the target, or else it wouldn’t be called a snipe. As Kirito entered the range of the M900A, Yamikaze may stop, and until then, she had to wait for that moment.
The blue ninja was less than 1km away from Kirito. But once Kirito didn’t react even if his back is facing him, he would feel that Kirito didn’t discover him and continue to get close until the 100m shooting range where an AGi-type player would be most adept in.
—I’m also going to hold on until that moment, so you have to be patient too, Kirito. Trust me.
In this battle royale where they couldn’t use communication equipment, Sinon could only pray this deep inside her heart. However, she had a thought that she passed her feelings to him. The sniper then started to stop thinking and brought herself as one with Hecate, letting her vision merge with the scope, and the feel with the trigger. At this moment, even the feeling of herself breathing left her. The only thing she felt was the target that continued to dash and the crosshair reticle that was constantly trying to track his heart.
She couldn’t even tell how long it took.
Finally, the moment she waited for arrived.
A white light came from the rear right corner of her eyes. That was a bullet, but naturally, it didn’t come from Hecate, but the .338 Lapua bullet Death Gun shot from the east side of the desert. Kirito dodged the attack, and the L115’s bullet line went near Yamikaze who was approaching from the west.
Yamikaze didn’t think that Kirito noticed him, but didn’t even expect another huge bullet to fly in and pass the target. Then, he naturally got low and crouched down to stop suddenly and got ready to head at the rock nearby, right behind him.
This would be the first and last chance to snipe him.
The finger that was half following the Hecate’s own will started to squeeze the trigger. The light green «bullet line prediction» showed up in her eyes, and the circle immediately became small as a dot. Sinon aimed for the center of the chest. After squeezing the trigger, the hammer slammed the firing pin, and the powder of the .50BMG inside the chamber exploded, CHANK, and the large bullet immediately went into supersonic speed—
Yamikaze’s eyes noticed the muzzle flash that came from the Hecate and Sinon’s right eye that was looking through the scope. His eyes seemed to show shock, regret and definite admiration. Then…
The ninja who was the most likely to become champion had a blinding light of special effect on his chest. His avatar was sent flying several meters away and then rolled on the sand a few times before stopping face up. At this moment, the M900A left his right hand, and the grenade rolled onto the floor. As the [DEAD] tag appeared above his abdomen and started to spin—Sinon herself had turned 180 degrees together with the Hecate.
—Kirito!
She wordlessly called this name out.
The black-clothed swordsman was running at the blueish-white moon that was starting to appear on the horizon.
His running motion was completely different from Yamikaze’s clean posture. That straightened back while keeping the chin down as he ran forward felt just like dancing. Kirito’s right hand moved to pull the lightsaber on his waist. The blue and purple blade that immediately extended added some color to the darkness.
The direction Kirito was heading to flashed a weak orange glow. It was the firing flame.
The lightsaber drew an arc and knocked aside the bullet that flew over, again and again. Kirito was already able to see the bullet line after dodging the first bullet. No matter how many times the bolt action sniper rifle continued to fire rapidly, it couldn’t pierce through the outstanding reflexes of the lightsaber warrior.
Sinon removed the nightvision mode of the scope and increased the magnifier to the maximum level to try and find the position of the bullet.
—Got it. Below the tall cactus. That unique suppressor that’s reaching out from under the mantle clothing and the cleaning rod that’s under the barrel. This person is the user of the L115A3 «Silent Assassin» and the real killer «Death Gun».
Sinon tried her best to widen her right eye to fight off the fear after seeing his profile.
…You’re not a dead soul. No matter how many people you killed in «Sword Art Online», how you’re a lunatic who came up with such a terrifying plot when you went back to the real world, you’re still a human who can breathe through your nose and has a beating heart. I’ll fight with you then. I believe that my Hecate and my power’s enough to beat you and the L115.
Sinon pulled the bolt handle and aimed her beloved gun, which now was reloaded, deep at the mantle guy who’s lying on the ground.
Though she could see his flickering red eyes through the scope, those definitely weren’t the ghost lights of the dead, but the lens of the full face-type goggles. What’s under the goggles was just a mere avatar’s face.
Sinon’s fingers touched the trigger and exerted force slightly.
Death Gun’s head immediately moved for a moment. He could see the bullet line. After the attack on Yamikaze just now, Sinon had already exposed her position. However, this just made both sides end up in equal circumstances. Now—
Time to decide this!!
Death Gun, who’s being aimed at in the scope, moved his L115 and pointed his gun at Sinon. Poking out from under his black jaw were the bloody red eyes that were coldly staring at Sinon’s forehead. Sinon immediately squeezed the trigger without even waiting for the reticule to shrink.
As her beloved gun let out a huge bang, Death Gun’s sniper rifle let out a little fire. Sinon moved her face away from the scope to watch her bullet that was flying over and the enemy’s bullet that was flying over through her naked eye. The trajectories of both bullets had looked like the same.
For a moment, Sinon had the feeling that the bullets would hit each other. However, such a miracle never happened. At last two bullets seemed to graze by each other by the tiniest of gaps as they went slightly off course.
KUWANG! A sharp impact sound rang beside the eye piece. Then, the large scope that was installed on the Hecate vanished without a trace. She would be immediately dead if her right eye was still there. Death Gun’s .338 Lapua bullet grazed past Sinon’s right shoulder and disappeared behind.
And the Hecate’s .50BMG bullet missed its target silently and hit the L115 gun directly.


The guns in GGO would have a fixed durability for each part. Normally, only the gun itself would be worn out, and this could be recovered through maintenance. No matter which part was hit, it would be a lot of damage, but even so, it’s hard to make the durability drop to zero. Also, it could be repaired if there were some durability points left—but it’s a different case altogether if the weak parts of the gun got shot by a large caliber. Like now.
A small fireball was formed at Death Gun’s chest. The center of the L115 scattered into shrapnel and immediately disappeared. Also, parts like the gun stock, scope and barrel fell onto the sand. These parts could be used, but the mechanism part couldn’t be used again. In other words, the «Silent Assassin» was dead at this moment.
…Sorry.
Sinon said this apology secretly in her mind, but the target to her apology was obviously not Death Gun, but that gun with such rare and great performance ability. She again pulled the bolt of the gun. Even though the safe sound of the metal was heard as the bullet was loaded into the chamber, the scope was destroyed, and she couldn’t use it to snipe from afar.
“I’ll leave the rest to you then, Kirito.”
She muttered at the lightsaber warrior’s profile that was running.
Kirito and Death Gun were about 200m apart. Even if he activates Optical Camouflage, he couldn’t get away from the situation as there would be clear footprints left on the sand.
The mantle guy slowly got up from under the cactus, probably giving up. The large barrel that was left of the L115 was slinging down from his right hand, and he slowly moved forward like he was gliding. Was he going to use that metal rod to fight? That lightsaber of Kirito that could slice even the Hecate’s bullet could slice it in half in one hit.
Both of them were quickly closing in. Even without a scope, Sinon who had the long-sight skill could clearly see Kirito running forward while raising a large amount of sand and Death Gun who was slowly dragging his feet forward.
Kirito continued to run as he swiftly raised the lightsaber in his right hand over his shoulder. He then thrust his left hand forward at the same time. It was the posture for that overwhelmingly intense thrusting technique seen countless times in the preliminaries.
In contrast, Death Gun moved the gun barrel that was giving a black glow over to the left hand and grabbed the front end of the gun with his right hand. Both of them were about 5 seconds away from each other. There were camera glows appearing behind both of them. Right now, the audience was watching this live telecast from the bars inside GGO or from the multi-MMO channels on the outside, and of course, they wouldn’t know about Death Gun’s crimes and Kirito’s aim. But they would still watch the screen for this intense battle scenario. Sinon forgot all about this and merely widened her eyes to watch this deathmatch.
Death Gun then raised the gun barrel horizontally with both hands.
As his hand let out a sharp light—
“Ahh…!”
Sinon left out a sharp cry.
Death Gun moved both hands away. The gun barrel left his left hand and flew backwards.
And on his right hand—there was a thin metal rod that was drawn from below the gun. It was the cleaning rod. Was that his final weapon? The cleaning rod should only be a tool to maintain the gun. It wouldn’t have any attack power, and even if he used it to beat someone, the most it would do would be to reduce a little of the enemy’s HP…
—No.
That wasn’t a rod used to clean a gun. The tip that should have an opening was as sharp as a needle. Was that a sword? But even its base was about 1mm thick. Could that thing really hurt someone? Speaking of which, there shouldn’t be any other metallic swords in GGO other than combat knifes.
Flabbergasted, Sinon saw that Kirito’s back seem to freeze.
However, the lightsaber warrior didn’t stop. The energy saber that’s shining in his right hand thrust forward. The jet engine-like sound effect of metal even reached Sinon’s ears while she was on the hill. The sharp end that had a sure-kill ability was sucked in by the mantle. Kirito wanted to use this entire sword to stab into his body—but failed as Death Gun’s upper body bent backwards. This perfect dodge looked like he knew Kirito’s move and timing.
The power of Kirito’s one-handed thrust merely left a burnt smell in the air and went by Death Gun.
Perhaps because the move was dodged, the lightsaber warrior froze and showed a short opening. Though he immediately moved and got ready to jump forward and right, Death Gun, who was still bending backwards, moved his right hand like some independent creature. That approximately 80cm long metal needle tip—
Stabbed straight into the left shoulder of the black uniform viciously.
“…KIRITO!”
As Sinon shouted out, the bloody red special effect scattered in the darkness like real blood.


Yuuki Asuna placed her handphone on the sensor. Once the sound effect of the transaction went through a second later, she then said, ‘thank you!’ and ran out of the taxi.
At the front of the rotary, there was a large entrance that was partially lit even though it was almost 10pm. Even though the power of the automatic doors were cut off, Asuna ran to the sign that indicates that it was the night entrance without thinking.
She pushed the door and went through the cold air that smelt of disinfectant to the visitor's counter. As Kikuoka Seijirou had contacted the hospital before, Asuna immediately said what she was ready to say to the nurse who looked up.
“I’m Yuuki who just called to visit room 7025!”
At the same time, she pulled her student ID out from her pocket and handed it to the counter. As the nurse took the identification card to compare with Asuna’s face, Asuna herself used that time to memorize the floor plan that’s on the wall opposite her.
“Hello, Yuuki Asuna-san. This is your visitor pass. Please remember to return this pass when you leave. The patient’s room is from the elevator on the right…”
“I got it. Thank you!”
She hurriedly bowed once she got the pass card and left the shocked nurse behind her. She ran to the elevator. In the hospital records, Kirito—Kirigaya Kazuto wasn’t here to be treated or hospitalized, but to be checked on, thus Asuna’s anxiety was a little unnatural. However, there’s no time to look at others now.
There seemed to be some gate that looked like a platform entrance in front of the elevator. Asuna placed her pass card on the screen, let it scan through and went through before the metal doors opened completely. She pressed the up button, ran into the elevator doors that opened and finally heaved a sigh of relief.
—Kazuto must have felt this way when he had to run to me after releasing me from the bird cage in ALO, right? He’s definitely alright. He couldn’t be... Though she believed that, she couldn’t hold back that anxious feeling.
Every time the elevator passed through a level, there would be a steady electronic sound. It was only the 7th level, but the speed at which it went up felt really slow.
“Don’t worry, mama.”
Suddenly, an immature voice came through the handphone receiver that she’s holding with both hands.
That’s the «daughter» of Kazuto and Asuna, the AI Yui. Her main processor was now in the terminal-type platform in Kazuto’s room. If there was a need, she would enter the game as a guide pixie in ALO, and they could talk through the phone in real life. Even though the battery was limited which made her unable to keep talking for long, they had been in constant contact ever since Asuna left the Dicey Café.
“Papa won’t lose to any strong opponent. Because he’s papa.”
“…Yes. That’s right.”
Asuna placed the microphone near her lips and softly responded. The stiff fingers could finally move at this moment, but the tension was still in her heart.
Kirito was requested by Kikuoka to head into GGO to investigate that mysterious player «Death Gun». In the end, the one controlling this avatar was an ex-member of the SAO red guild «Laughing Coffin». Also—those two that Death Gun shot in the game died of heart failure in the real world.
Without doubt, something strange must have happened. Though Kikuoka was certain that Kirito wouldn’t have any danger while diving, he could tell that those two strange deaths weren’t just a coincidence.
PAANN
With that sound, the elevator went through the 6th level and started to slow down before stopping on the 7th level with an electronic sound. At the same time the elevator opened, Yui immediately gave the directions ‘head right for 15m, turn left and walk for another 8m’. Asuna immediately followed what she said and ran all the way down the empty corridor.
There were sets of electronic doors on both sides of the corridor, and Asuna checked the metal doorplates with her eyes as she ran. 7023…24..25! She placed her access pass on the door, and the door immediately opened after the light on it turned from red to blue.
This was a single room ward that had grey and white base colors. Near the center of the room was a plastic patient’s bed Asuna herself relied on before. The curtains on all sides of the room were opened, and there was a professional looking monitor. The cables that were attached to the monitor split up and were attached on the exposed chest of the boy who’s lying on the bed. The boy’s head was also wearing the rather familiar silver circlet Asuna was familiar with—the AmuSphere.
—Kirito-kun!
Asuna forcefully gasped as she let out some warm air and was ready to shout—
“…Kirigaya-kun!?”
A certain voice rang before Asuna’s did, causing her to almost tumble forward in surprise. She turned her neck to the right and found that the monitor was blocking a foldable chair beside the bed, and there was also a person sitting on it.
That person was wearing a white uniform, wearing a nurse’s hat and her hair tied into braids. Her face also had a rather trendy looking pair of glasses. She was a nurse. Thinking about it, Kikuoka did say that someone was by Kazuto’s side.
However, that person was actually a beauty of an unknown age, and she even bent forward and almost got onto the half-naked Kazuto. Asuna felt somewhat unhappy on seeing that, but the thought merely flashed through. The nurse who noticed Asuna walking into the room lifted her head and looked somewhat nervous.
“Ah, are you Yuuki-san? I heard that you’re coming. Please come here.”
The nurse said with a somewhat hoarse voice and then used her left hand to point beside the bed. Asuna ran over without her telling, nodded back and again looked at Kazuto’s face.
Of course, Kazuto’s eyes were closed. However, he wasn’t sleeping and neither was he conscious. The AmuSphere isolated his 5 senses from reality and took him away to a distant unique land. As the AmuSphere would receive all the muscle movement from the brain, his face and body wouldn’t be moving. Logically, that should be the case, but on seeing Kazuto’s face, Asuna immediately felt that his heart was rather unstable.
“How’s Ki…Kazuto-kun?”
Asuna lifted her head up and asked the nurse. On hearing this, the nurse with the «Aki» nametag frowned and shook her head.
“Don’t worry, he’s not in physical danger. But the heart rate just jumped to 130 beats a minute just now…”
“Heart rate…”
Asuna muttered and looked at the screen beside her. The liquid crystal display showed the wave patterns and the words [132 bpm]. The wave pattern in front of her was moving erratically.
It’s not rare for the heartbeat rate to increase while playing a VRMMO. While diving into the environment and fighting against monsters, many would be nervous and so their pulse would quicken. Or rather, this would be how they enjoy the game.
However—Kazuto was that Kirito. In the floating city of Aincrad, he was a solo player on the clearing team and would be the one who would brush close to death most often. How could he be so nervous in an ordinary game?
In fact, she had never seen Kirito look so frantic during the past year when they were playing ALO together.
—What in the world happened?
Asuna used her finger to rub away the sweat that appeared on Kazuto’s forehead and bit her lips tightly.
At this moment, Yui’s voice came from the handphone in her left hand.
“Mama, please watch the panel PC on the wall! I’ll connect it to the network channel «MMO Stream» live feed!”
On hearing this, Asuna looked up and found that there was a 40-inch monitor that’s on the wall near the edge of the bed. Yui may be using the handphone wireless function to connect to that computer as the originally offed-screen lit on its own and the browser went into full screen mode.
The image that appeared was exactly the same as how it was seen from the room in ALO.
At the top left hand corner, the large words Gun Gale Online were written there. On the side, there were the long and small words 'the 3rd Bullet of Bullet battle royale finals is being telecasted!'
On the right side of the screen were the namelist of the players. The one that took the largest space of the screen was the split channels that had multiple split camera images. But now, only two large windows were lined together.
The background of those two was the desert under the blueish-white moon. It seemed that two players were engaged in close ranged combat and the cameras were filming them from behind. The window on the left depicted a petite avatar with fully black uniform and flowing hair. He was holding a purple-blue lightsaber that was glowing, and his left hand was just hanging down. Also, they could see fresh red blood scattering from his left shoulder. The footer beside the avatar had the words that showed his name, [Kirito].
“That’s Kirito-kun…”
The impression the avatar gave was different from the «black swordsman» during SAO and the Spriggan in ALO as that slender back looked no different from a girl. However, the way he raised the sword and adjusted his center of gravity was showing that he was Kirito.
Watching the same visual from the other side of the bed, nurse Aki said in a troubled voice,
“Is that Kirigaya-kun’s avatar over there? So Kirigaya-kun who’s unconscious is controlling it now, right?”
“Yes. He’s fighting now…so the heart rate increased.”
Though Asuna answered this, there was something she couldn’t seem to explain clearly to nurse Aki. Kirito’s left shoulder had a severe wound—and his opponent was most likely another survivor of SAO and could have killed two players in GGO.
Asuna timidly turned to look at the right window.
Standing over there with his back facing the screen was that player who was wearing a mantle, which was what she expected. His back looked lifeless and full of holes, but Asuna knew that those who were completely used to the virtual world would have this posture. She held her breath and watched the small sharp object in the mantle guy’s right hand.
“Eh…”
On first glance, she couldn’t help but cry out.
The mantle guy wasn’t holding the large sniper rifle he used on the metal bridge or the black handgun, but an ordinary thin and long metal rod—
No. it wasn’t just an ordinary metal rod. It started to thin from the base on, and was already as thick as a needle at the end. That was a sword. On first glance, it looked rather similar to the rapier Asuna was used to wielding, but in fact, it was a weapon that didn’t have a blade, one that could only be used to stab.
“Estoc…? Ah…ahhh…”
Asuna herself didn’t even realize that she was making a sound. Her distant memory started to ache like how that sword stabbed through. There was really a cadre amongst «Laughing Coffin» who was skilled in using this weapon. His name—his name was—
Of course, the mantle guy wasn’t using the name he used in SAO like Kirito. However, Asuna couldn’t help but look over at the avatar’s foot.
The displayed player name, was also in alphabets.
[Sterben].
Asuna couldn’t read it out exactly immediately and could only say it in an interrupted manner,
“St…ster…ben? Was it a misspell of Steven…?”
“No…that's not it, mama.”
As Yui answered this, nurse Aki added ' it isn’t like that'. Asuna looked at her, and the nurse frowned her bewitching eyebrows before saying in an extremely tense expression,
“This is a German medical term. It’s read as…«Sterben».”
“Ster…ben.”
Asuna had never heard of this word before. Nurse Aki looked at her troubled expression, hesitated for a little bit and then said with a somewhat hoarse voice,
“It means…«death». It’s a common term in a hospital…when a patient just passes away…”
The hairs on Asuna’s arms and back immediately stood up. She then finally turned her eyes away from the screen to the face of the boy lying beside her.
“Kirito…kun.”
At this moment, Asuna’s voice was trembling so much that she couldn’t even recognize it.


GGO was a game operation that was created from the completely free VRMMO support package «The Seed».
The Seed was a very versatile system, but even the operator couldn’t change its processing. In other words, it was a black box existence. Games operating after 3 months since the start would definitely be able to «convert» characters from all games with the On setting, and the «pain absorber» that could prevent giving players virtual pain or use misleads to erase the pain could only be adjusted, and couldn’t be turned off completely.
In other words, no matter how many times someone got shot in GGO—even if a hand or leg got blown away, the player wouldn’t even feel overwhelming pain or numbness.
Thus, the pain that’s on my left shoulder and the ice-pick like pain was just an imagination. No, the pain numbness mechanism had already removed this imagination, so this isn’t real pain. It’s just my memory, an awakening of a memory in another world, where I got stabbed by the same weapon in the same part.
About 5m away from me, the mantle guy—«Death Gun» was showing the sharp tip of the Estoc that was giving off a black glow and swaying like it was some rhythm. That guy could launch stabs without any preparatory movements in such a situation. It would be hard to dodge it if I view it as an ordinary sword.
That’s right. I once had the same thought when I was in the cave «Laughing Coffin» was in. Back then, I felt that the weapon this guy used was rather rare, but in that intense battle, I really never had the chance to talk to him.
About a year and a half later on, I finally could say to him what I couldn’t say back then.
“…That’s really a rare weapon. Or should I say…I didn’t know that GGO allows for metal swords.”
Then, Death Gun let out a hoarse laugh from the hood that was covering the head, and then said in an interrupted manner,
“To think, that you became so lazy, «Black Swordsman». A high level, «knife creation» skill and a «weapons creation» skill would be enough. The length and weight, mostly like that, that’s the limit.”
“…Unfortunately, it doesn’t seem like I could create the sword I liked.”
Once I finished answering, the enemy again laughed,
“Like back then, you still want a high STR rated sword, right? That toy, in your hand, shouldn’t be rather useful.”
The lightsaber «Shadow Light» in my right hand let out a low moan, and couldn’t possibly like being called a toy. The moment that was said, it then let out a little burst of spark. I shrugged and said for my sword,
“It’s not some toy. I already thought of using this kind of weapon once. Also…”
I swung the lightsaber, letting it give a vibrating sound and then put the sword that was down below to the middle.
“A sword’s a sword. It’s enough if I can hack your HP to zero.”
“Ku, ku, ku, how awesome, huh? However, if you can.”
The red eyes that were deep inside the hood were flickering irregularly. The skull-faced metal mask seemed to laugh coldly.
“«Black swordsman», you’ve, breathed in, too much, of the, corroded, air of, the real world, that move just now, the slow, «Vorpal strike», just now, you would be disappointed, if the old you, saw that.”
“…Maybe, but you should be the same too, right? Or rather, do you still think that you’re still a member of «Laughing Coffin»?”
“Oh? So have you, remembered, so many things?”
Death Gun let out the sound of breathing as the metal rubbed against each other and moved his hands as if he was clapping. The rotten bandage that covered his right hand vaguely showed the tattoo of «Laughing Coffin» on the inside of the wrist.
“…Then you, should, be clear, about the, difference, between, me, and you. I’m, a real, red player, but you’re not. You killed, merely because, you, were driven, by fear, to survive. A coward, you are, without thinking, about, the meaning, to be, a killer, just wanting, to forget, about everything.”
“…!”
I was immediately rendered speechless by what he said.
—Why? Why was he able to accurately say out my mental state? I had never interacted with this guy ever since the Laughing Coffin crusade until when we met again in the waiting dome.
—Don’t tell me…this guy really has some supernatural power? I thought that I saw through his killing methods. Am I thinking too highly of myself…?
I motivated myself and recovered my sight that was starting to distort. I could still maintain the tip of the lightsaber and prevent it from trembling, which itself can be said to be a miracle. If he sees that there’s an opening, Death Gun’s sudden stab that doesn’t have any preparatory movement will definitely stab through my chest.
I took a slight breath through my gritted teeth and then answered him softly,
“…Maybe. But you’re not a red player anymore. I know how you killed «Zekushiido», «Usujio Tarako», «Pale Rider» and another player that could have died in your hands. That’s not the power of the black handgun, and neither was it your own ability.”
“Oh? Then, say it, out then.”
Now’s the crucial moment to decide the winner.
I exerted all my strength into my eyes and stared tightly at the enemy—and then said out what I believed was the truth.
“…You used that metamaterial optical camouflage to read the addresses of all the BoB players from the monitor at the presidential building. You then got your accomplices to enter their rooms and get them to inject drugs while you shoot, making them look like they died of heart failure. That’s the true identity of Death Gun.”
This time, Death Gun finally went silent.
Those red eyes in the darkness that laid in the midst of the hood suddenly narrowed. I couldn’t really decide if my guess was correct from his response. I took the great killing intent he gave off and then continued,
“You may not know that, but the Ministry of Internal Affairs have the players’ names in SAO. Once they know your ex-character name, they can track your real name, your address and your modus operandi. Stop making anymore mistakes. Log out and hurry to the nearest police station to surrender.”
Even so—he remained silent.
Under the dry night wind, the surface of the mantle guy looked like some little organisms gathering as they continued to move. The live camera feed that was flickering with the REC sign seemed to be impatient as it increased its height. Death Gun and I had been facing each other for about 3 minutes. As the audience couldn’t hear our conversation, their expectations and tension should be at the climax. But right now, we’re only clashing with our tongues. Once Death Gun confirmed my guess, there wouldn’t be any meaning to continue the battle.
However—
Several seconds later, ‘kukuku’, what came from under the hood was a chilly laughter that wasn’t any different from before.
“I see…so your imagination, is really interesting. However, that’s too bad, «Black Swordsman». You can’t, stop me. Because, you definitely, can’t, remember, my name!”
“Wha…what, why are you so confident now?”
“Ku, ku, you may, even forget, about the reason you forgot. Listen up…after that battle, just when we’re about to be sent to jail, I was about to tell you my name, but you said ‘I don’t want to know your name. There’s no need because I don’t want to meet you again’.”
I was immediately unable to say anything and could only widen my eyes. And Death Gun merely murmured as if he was mocking me.
“You don’t know, my name. So, you can’t remember. You, can’t do anything. You can only wait here, until you’re taken down by me, lying there awkwardly—and then, merely watch me, kill that girl…”
A certain object glided past the air and let out ripping sound, and then, a flash of silver cut past the darkness.
“You can’t, do anything!”
Death Gun’s right hand stabbed at me like a puppeteer.
I subconsciously used my lightsaber to block the stab that was aimed at my heart.
The energy blade let out a buzzing sound before entering the line of the Estoc. The blueish white plasma blade slashed directly into the metal side.
Logically, any metal sword would be sliced. The Shadow Light could even slice Sinon’s sniper bullet in half, so how could this thin metal rod block it? I immediately raised the saber up and got ready to slice it at the left shoulder of Death Gun—
In the end, an irritating sound rang inside my avatar.
I could only blankly widen my eyes and see that the metal rod that was glowing was stabbed straight inside me.
Only a part of Death Gun’s Estoc was burned, and there was no other damage. It could actually block the energy blade that had overwhelming power. Why—why is there such a thing?
Death Gun continued to step forward and stabbed the Estoc in deeper. My HP got reduced drastically with the movement of the metal. At this moment, I could only grit my teeth and use all the strength in my right foot to jump backwards. The enemy’s blade got away from me, and the special effect of the damage drew a red line.
I jumped back for about 2, 3 steps and again pulled my distance away from Death Gun. In the end, he moved his mouth like he wanted to lick the blade.
“…Ku, ku. This guy’s, material, is the, highest grade, metal, that could be, obtained, in, this game. I heard, that, it’s a galactic, warship, armor plate. Ku ku, ku…”
Then, Death Gun didn’t seem like he wanted to speak up as he flipped the mantle and attacked me. His right hand went at an invisible speed as he drew numerous afterimages in the sky. He had never used this continuous stabbing attack up till now. This thrust is a high-level sword skill «Star Splash», an 8-straight thrust attack—
The lightsaber in my hand couldn’t block the attack, and I couldn’t dodge it at will as it was sand below me. The sharp needle then continued to stab into my body.


—Kirito!
Sinon tried her best to suppress the shout that was about to come out of her throat and the impulse to squeeze the finger at the trigger.
On the battlefield that’s about 700m away, the special effects showed damage that came from the black-clothed swordsman. Even though Sinon didn’t touch any weapon other than a gun, but even she could tell how skilled Death Gun’s sword techniques were when he was able to injure Kirito. She held her breath, thinking whether the attack just now would have worn out his HP. Luckily, Kirito himself didn’t have the DEAD tag on him. He kicked hard on the sand, did a backflip and used that to gain a rather large distance from Death Gun.
However, Death Gun himself didn’t seem to want to let Kirito have a chance to regroup himself. He flipped his hood and closed the distance between the two of them like a phantom. The automatic-control cameras continued to increase in numbers like they knew that a winner was about to be decided. Soon, about 10 cameras surrounded them and caused the corner in the desert to look like an arena.
If the Hecate’s scope was still there, she could have sniped to cover Kirito, but in this distance, even Sinon couldn’t easily use her naked eye to shrink the reticule. She could even mishit Kirito accidentally if she attacked randomly.
—Hang in there. Do your best, Kirito!
Sinon forgot that she was also in danger in the real world as she was in a high-kneel position on the rocky hill, clenching her fists as she prayed this.
Kirito once killed a few players to protect himself and a few others in the infamous death game «Sword Art Online». This experience could be said to be rather similar to the burden Shino bore. Thus, his troubles should be similar to Shino to a certain extent.
Kirito said that he couldn’t overcome these painful memories and sealed them in a corner of his mind, before saying that he could only face them from today onwards.
He was following what he just said as he got ready to personally stop the criminal who brought darkness from SAO—Death Gun.
But Kirito could do that not because he was weak. He just told himself to be stronger. No matter how much he felt troubled or anguished, he had to accept his weakness. That’s because he was the one who continued to persist on looking forward under such a situation. Strength—wasn’t about the outcome, but about the process of moving towards a certain goal.
—I want to talk to you. To tell you what I felt and what I discovered.
—Is there anything I could help with? If I go close to them, it would be the opposite effect. Once I’m aimed at by the Blackstar, Kirito will be unable to do anything. Even so, I’m just trying my luck if I snipe without a scope. The range of the support weapon MP7 isn’t completely enough. Is there…there any way I could help…
“…!”
Momentairly, Sinon's whole body shook.
There was. In this situation, there was a way for her to take the initiative and «attack». She didn’t know how effective it would be—but there’s a value in trying.
Sinon took a deep breath, gritted her teeth hard and looked at the battle that’s far away.


—Kirito-kun!!
Asuna covered her mouth just when she was about to scream out.
There wasn’t any lighting special effects, but the move Death Gun used was undoubtedly the 8-strike thrust «Star Splash». That was a high-level skill like Asuna the «Flash» was skilled with in the past. Basically, this was a sword technique of a «Rapier», but as it didn’t include any hacking or slashing, it could also be done with the «Estoc» that was derived from the Rapier.
The flat screen on the wall showed Kirito continued to be thrusted all over his body with the continuous stab attacks as he jumped back to pull his distance. However, on the right side of the screen, the mantle guy moved in a mysterious gliding like action and pursued him. Kirito continued to struggle with the Estoc that was surrounding him.
The monitoring device beside Asuna started to let out an urgent electronic sound, causing her to glance aside. Kazuto’s heart rate had already risen to 160 bpm. Asuna forced herself to look away from the screen and looked at the face of Kazuto who was lying on the bed.
He was sweating a lot, and he looked to be in pain. The mouth that was slightly opened was gasping. Nurse Aki noticed him to be like this, and the eyes behind the spectacles showed a worried expression.
“…I told him to take lots of water before he dived in…but it’s now more than 4 hours. There will be danger of dehydration if this continued. Can’t we log him out first…?”
On hearing the nurse’s words, Asuna could only bite her lips tightly and said,
“Kirito-kun can’t hear anything we say here…and he’s taking part in a PvP tournament. I don’t know how effective the log out system would be…”
In ALO, to prevent the players from deliberately «disconnecting » when they were in a bad situation— if this situation happened in a VRMMO tournament, the grounds will be switched—and they will be prevented from logging out for a while.
“…But the AmuSphere will note the blood flow in the brain. If it ends up damaging the body, it should be automatically logged out…”
Once Asuna said that, the nurse nodded her head and said that,
“I know. We’ll just observe for a while. He’s not a patient, so I don’t think there’s a need to inject fluids into him.”
“You’re right…”
Asuna’s voice became stiff. Wouldn’t it be like the time during SAO if he had to go on a drip.
No—there’s something completely different from that. The thing was that Kazuto wasn’t wearing the Nerve Gear that had a death trap in it, but the AmuSphere with a safety configuration. Thus, even if Asuna forcefully removed the silver circlet on Kazuto’s head, there shouldn’t be any danger posed to him. Kirito would only disappear from the desert that’s being telecasted on the wall and return back to the bed—in other words, return to Asuna's side.
That terrifying enemy called «Sterben» shall never touch Kazuto again.
Asuna tried her best to hold back this urge.
Kirito/Kazuto was now betting his pride as a swordsman to fight hard, and Asuna obviously couldn’t stop him.
But, was—wasn’t there anything she could do? She’s right beside him, but was there no way she could pass any message to him who’s fighting in the other world?
“Mama, your hand…”
Suddenly, a soft voice came from the handphone. It was Yui’s.
“Please hold onto papa’s hand. The AmuSphere can’t stop senses from the outside world like Nerve Gear. Papa should be able to feel mama’s warmth. I can’t touch physical objects…but please bring…mine too…”
Yui’s voice was trembling by the time she spoke till the end. Asuna herself was shaken up hard inside as she forcefully shook her head and answered,
“No…papa will definitely feel Yui’s hands. Let’s cheer for papa…cheer for Kirito-kun!”
As she said that, she placed her handphone into Kazuto’s limp left hand and used both her hands to cup it.
The patient’s room was a little warm, but Kazuto’s hand was as cold as an ice block. The automatic log-out function may happen if she held it too hard, so Asuna grasped Kazuto with her hands lightly, exerting all her warmth and will, hoping to make his hand go warm.
Asuna wasn’t looking at the live telecast anymore as she merely closed her eyes and continued to pray.
—Do your best, Kirito-kun. For all that you believe in. I shall be by your side always. Always protecting you from behind, supporting you.
Kazuto’s icy cold left hand jerked slightly, but definitely.


The enemy was really strong.
Whether it’s in terms of speed, balance or striking moment, they were all flawless. There were few swordsmen who were so skilled on the clearing team.
But why did it become like this? This cadre of «Laughing Coffin» who’s controlling the character «Death Gun» couldn’t see my swords during the crusade. I spent quick work and reduced his HP to half, causing him to retreat to the back lines.
Looking at things, I guess the half year where he was imprisoned in Black Iron prison caused this guy to change drastically. The one who thoroughly crushed Laughing Coffin was one of the members on the clearing team, me—and he used revenge against us as motivation to work hard on his swordsmanship. Even if he couldn’t gain money and experience, repeated training of sword skills could allow him to improve. This guy may have trained on the same movements hundreds or thousands of times in the dark and cold prison. The sword technique that an Estoc could use was firmly ingrained into this guy’s senses.
I may not lose to him in terms of the number of times I swung the sword, but the sword in my hand was the lightsaber that’s a lot lighter than my old swords, and the touch feels completely different from before. It’s easy to use the one-strike «Vorpal Strike», but it’ll be difficult to use continuous moves. Also, Death Gun probably won’t allow any openings for me to use some huge attack. He continued to remain close and kept using all sorts of varying thrust attacks. I tried my best to dodge them, but the sharp tip of the Estoc still pierced through parts of my body from time to time and slowly drained my HP. I think I have only about 30% left.
Even as my HP’s being worn down by that sharp sword, Death Gun can’t really kill me if he used that black handgun to shoot me. I didn’t input my name and address at the machine in the presidential estate, so nobody could find my residence.
Was I too reliant—in a «safe feeling»? My eyes were completely covered by the power of the black handgun, which caused me to not look at the user’s true ability. If that’s the case, it’s obvious that I would be in such a tight spot. The enemy was still in that death game, and I left that place a long time ago, whether it was my body or my heart.
Maybe it was too late that I noticed it.
However, I still wouldn’t allow myself to lose to him like that. My body in the real world shouldn’t have any damage, but like what that guy just said, Sinon, who’s waiting on the rocky hill behind me was already in the range of that black gun. If I get taken down now, Death Gun will attack Sinon. Once she’s hit in battle by a bullet from that black handgun, Death Gun’s accomplice will kill Sinon in the real world.
One moment. Just one moment.
I just need him to stop this one series of attacks for the time being.
If it’s the power of the weapon, the lightsaber far exceeds that of the extremely thin Estoc. Once I can accurately hit him in one hit, I believe I can wear Death Gun’s HP down to zero. However, I just couldn’t create this opening. The half-hearted attempts will definitely not work, the enemy’s Estoc could even break through the energy blade of the lightsaber, which means I couldn’t create an opening by swinging hard in a sword duel. What should I do? What should I do—
Kyu kyu kyu. With those deep sounds, the last strike of three consecutive hits grazed my face on the right, and my HP finally went red.
The special effect that flowed out of my face dyed my vision red.
Maybe he thought that he was winning as Death Gun’s red eyes were glowing even redder.
The Estoc user of the red—what was originally «Laughing Coffin» chose red eyes too. My consciousness shook, and cracks appeared in the thick walls of my memory.
That’s right…I did refuse to know this guy’s name. I didn’t want to get involved with this again. I just wanted to hurry up and forget that night that was full of madness, blood, screams and curses.
But I couldn’t do that.
I didn’t forget anything at all. I just pretended to forget, just lied to myself. I merely sealed that part of my memory away, trying to convince my brain that I didn’t see the fact that was there…
Death Gun dragged his Estoc back to deal me the final blow. The cold glow that remained on its tip caused that sealed fragment of my memory to appear.
Before we went on the crusade, we were gathered at the headquarters of the «Holy Dragon Alliance» guild for our last meeting.
During the meeting, we again explained the member information regarding the members of «Laughing Coffin». That included the battle abilities of their leader «PoH» and his cadres’ weapons, skills, appearances—and names.
Of course, we did mention that two of them liked to use their colors. One of them was black, the guy who liked to use a poisoned dagger. His name was…yes, «Johnny Black». Klein immediately gave a serious look after hearing it, and specially told me ‘don’t fight with this guy. Or else we won’t know who to protect’.
The other person was red. However, he wasn’t dressed completely in red. This Estoc user merely had his eyes and hair red, and had a reverse cross sign dyed on his grey helmet. His colors and the picture used looked like the «Knights of the Blood» , and caused the sub-leader of the KoB, Asuna the «Flash» to give an irritated look. I faced this guy right from the start. As he got ready to retreat, he left these words ‘I’ll, definitely, kill you later’, and intended to report his name. It was this guy.
One and a half years later, this guy broke the wall of the other world and appeared in front of me. Like what he declared before, this mantle guy got ready to stab through me with the Estoc—«Death Gun» was that guy. His name was—
“«XaXa».”
The word that came from my mouth caused the metal that was about to pierce through my heart to deviate course.
I ignored the slightly stabbed feeling of the sword tip that was about to be pulled back and continued,
“«Red-eyed XaXa». That’s your name.”
Next—a few things happened in front of my eyes.
A red line suddenly went into the center of Death Gun’s hood from behind me.
That wasn’t a bullet—just a simple bullet line. It was Sinon. I immediately understood her intention. This was an attack of hers that used the bullet line. It was the final hit that was based on her experience, inspiration and will to fight. The phantom bullet that she fired.
Death Gun seemed like a beast who felt a powerful carnivore’s killing intent and instinctively jumped back.
A low growl came from below the skull-head mask. He should have realize that Sinon couldn’t possibly risk shooting at me in case of a mishit, but he wavered after I called his name, causing his judgment to be slowed. Thus, he dodged automatically as if he reacted to a phantom bullet.
This was the last chance. The bullet line won’t work anymore. I can’t waste this chance Sinon gave me. I stepped in front and raced after Death Gun.
Ah—damn it. His profile disappeared. It was the «Optical Camouflage». I could still find him based on the footprints he left on the ground, but now the lightsaber couldn’t deal a fatal blow to him. If I can’t kill him in one hit, my HP will become zero once I’m countered.
At this moment, there was something more shocking that happened.
My left hand started moving as if it was guided by someone. The icy hand that was tense due to nervousness—was surrounded by a certain familiar pair of warm hands that guided me. My left hand immediately moved and then gripped onto something—the second weapon that even I forgot about, the «FiveSeven handgun». As my hand felt the weight that was pulled out of my gun pouch, a certain circuit in my consciousness suddenly flared.


“U…OOOOOHHH—!!”
I roared and stepped forward. I then spun my left side back forward like a bullet.
Death Gun’s profile was about to vanish, and I swayed my profile before swinging my left hand.
A two-handed sword skill would normally have the sword in the left hand swing up from near the ground to break the enemy’s defenses. However, what’s in my hand wasn’t a sword but a handgun. However, who said that I couldn’t use sword techniques with a gun? I used the impression I had of swinging the left sword up and continued to squeeze the trigger.
The bullet that was flying up continued to hit the object that was about to become invisible and shone sparks intensely in the air. Death Gun’s body finally appeared in the midst of the flash. I faced the avatar whose Optical Camouflage was being destroyed—
And swung the lightsaber in my right hand in a clockwise direction with motion and weight.
This was the «Double Circular» twin-swords assault skill.
The energy blade sliced deep into Death Gun’s right shoulder and then sliced in diagonally before leaving from his left abdomen. At this moment, the «black handgun» that was in his gun pouch was sliced in half by the lightsaber, and after giving off a bright orange flash, it exploded.
The avatar that was sliced in half, the ripped mantle and the flame arc floated under the blueish-white sky.
After a long flight—
Dodou, two consecutive deep sounds rang, and Death Gun’s upper and lower bodies landed somewhere away from each other. After a while, the metal needle-like thing—the Estoc was stabbed onto the ground between both parts of the body.
At this moment, while I was kneeling on the ground on one leg, I heard a weak voice,
“…It’s not, over…that person…won’t let…you…end this…”
However, the [DEAD] tag that appeared between the sliced body caused this player Death Gun to stop completely and unable to say anything. I slowly got up, lowered my head and watched the «corpse» on the ground.
Having lost the mantle that would have represented himself, there was nothing that represented Death Gun except for that skull mask. I looked at the goggles that had lost their glow and silently answered,
“No…it’s over, XaXa. Your accomplices will be found. The killing acts of «Laughing Coffin» have come to an end.”
I then turned around and dragged my battered body west.
After walking for about a few hundred steps, hundreds of meters away, my lowered sight finally saw a pair of small feet wearing small boots, and I looked up.
The sniper girl was standing there. She was holding that large sniper rifle that lost its scope, giving a steady smile.


Sinon looked like she had something to say as she opened her mouth, but for an instant, she didn’t know what to say.
Even she didn’t know what sort of emotion she had in her heart now. There was merely a rising burning feeling up her chest that caused her to hug the Hecate in her arms tightly.
Seeing Sinon standing blankly down there, Kirito showed a calm smile for the first time. He placed the FiveSeven handgun in his hand back into the holster and clenched his fist before reaching it out to Sinon.
And Sinon raised her right fist to tap his fist lightly.
“…It’s over.”
The lightsaber warrior muttered simply and then looked up. Sinon then followed him and looked up as well.
The clouds have parted unknowingly, and the stars in the sky were showing their shine. Sinon then remembered that this was the first time she saw stars in this world.
The skies in GGO were often covered by thick clouds because of past wars. The daytime here were always of depressing sunset colors, and even the night would have bloodstained-like red.
But as prophesized by the NPC elder on the streets, once the toxic on the land is purified and returned back to white sand, the clouds shall disappear, and the shine of the stars and the spaceships would return to the sky. Of course, no people would believe such ordinary words, but maybe this desert wasn’t just a wilderness for players to wander in, but may even be a sacred land far away in the distant future.
Sinon immediately couldn’t say anything as she looked up at the sparkling group of lights in the clear night sky, and the remaining lights of the spaceships that looked like rivers.
Soon after, Kirito said,
“…It’s about time to end this tournament. The audience may be sick of waiting.”
“…Yeah, that’s right.”
The blue camera feeds that covered the entire sky were flickering with the REC logos anxiously. Kirito may have noticed it as he immediately gave a wry smile. However, he immediately regained his original look, went closer and whispered,
“…The danger of this tournament’s finally over. Death Gun was taken down, so the accomplice who’s preparing to kill you should have left. Their aim should be to create the rumor that «those players who were shot by that black handgun in GGO will die in the real world», so they probably won’t kill people at random. Logically, you shouldn’t be in any danger when you log out…but you better call the police for safety reasons.”
“…How do I explain everything to 110[4]? They probably won’t believe me if I said that someone plotted to kill inside and outside a VRMMO, right?”
After hearing Sinon’s question, Kirito was stumped for a bit. However, he immediately nodded and said,
“You’re right…my associate is sort of a civil servant, so we can get him to help…but I can’t just ask for your address and name…”
At this moment, the lightsaber warrior hesitated and looked away. Of course, he knew how rude it would be to ask for someone else’s real identity in a VRMMO.
However, Sinon thought for a while and then said,
“Alright. Let me tell you.”
“Eh…bu, but…”
“I just feel that there’s no need to worry about this anymore. Besides… I already took the initiative to tell you my past. I've never done it before…”
After hearing her mutter, Kirito widened his eyes, but immediately nodded his head.
“That’s true…speaking of which, I was the same too…”
If they continued to drag on like this, Sinon may end up saying ‘never mind’ because of her fearful nature. Thus, she slung the Hecate behind her shoulder and immediately stepped forward. She placed her lips near Kirito’s ears and said in a voice nobody else could hear,
“My name is—Asada Shino. The address is Tokyo District, Bunkyo, Yushima, Yonchome…”
As she finished saying her apartment’s name and room number, Kirito immediately answered softly in surprise,
“Yushima? That’s a coincidence…I dived in from Ochinomizu in Chiyoda.”
“Eh...ehhh!? Isn’t that just nearby?”
Now even Sinon was shocked and nearly squealed out. Ochinomizu and Sinon’s apartment were just separated from the Kasuga subway and the Kuramae subway. At this moment, Kirito suddenly widened his eyes, let out an ‘um…’ before continuing,
“Then I’ll just log out and go off to find you…”
“Eh…you…”
Sinon nearly said ‘are you willing to come by’, but shut up at the last moment, coughed dryly a few times and corrected herself,
“Nah…no need. There’s a reliable friend nearby…”
Spiegel, also known as Shinkawa Kyouji, who invited Sinon to this world was the second son of a practitioner. His house was in Hongoume right beside hers. He would come over once she gave him a call. Speaking of which, he may have seen the footage of this tournament from the beginning to the end, so she had to find an excuse as to why she got close with Kirito a few times.
“…And that guy’s a doctor’s kid, so he can take care of me if there’s a need.”
To hide any embarrassment and end off, Kirito gave a serious look and answered,
“Oi, it’ll be bad if something really happened. But I guess it’s alright if you say that…I’ll request my associate after I log out to check with the police. No matter how late, it should take 15…no, 10 minutes. The police will be at your house in 10 minutes.”
“OK, I got it. It’ll be great if we can catch the accomplice…”
“Yeah…”
Seeing the still wary Kirito nod his head, Sinon stared at him.
“Forget about that. Are you one to run away after hearing my personal information?”
“Eh, ah…so, sorry. My name’s Kirigaya Kazuto. I dived in from Ochinomizu, but my house’s at Kawagoe city.”
The lightsaber warrior looked panicked as he hurriedly reported his data. Sinon murmured for a while and then chuckled at this non-urgent situation.
“Kirigaya Kazuto. So that’s why you’re called Kirito, right? That’s a really simple naming.”
“Wha…what right do you have to say that to me!?”
Both of them smiled. Kirito again looked at the camera above his head and then changed his tone,
“…We can only log out by putting BoB to an end…how about it, Sinon? Do we fight it out like yesterday?”
After hearing his question, Sinon found that her strong desire to have a rematch with Kirito was forgotten completely. She stared at this pretty face in front of her and then said,
“…Strength’s not an outcome…but a process of working hard…”
“Eh? What are you saying?”
“Un, it’s nothing—I say, you’re completely wounded all over now, right? There’s nothing to be proud about winning against you. Let’s just leave this for the next BoB tournament.”
The moment Sinon finished, Kirito raised his eyebrows in shock, but immediately gave a wry smile.
“Are you saying that I can’t convert back to my old game before the 4th tournament?”
“You can convert back and then convert here again, but don’t think that you can beat me the next time…then, it’s time to end the third tournament.”
“How do we do this? This is a battle royale, so there should be a winner decided when one person’s HP is zero, right?”
“It’s rare, but I heard that the first BoB in North America was won by two people. The reason was that the person who should have won accidentally got an underhanded trick called «Gift Grenade».”
“Gift Grenade? What’s that?”
“The losing player will throw a grenade to drag the enemy down—oh, here, this is for you.”
Sinon reached her hand into her pouch and then pulled out a black ball object onto Kirito’s right hand that reached out in reflex. She then set the countdown of the fruit-like grenade to 5 seconds.
This was the plasma grenade she got after she checked that Kirito defeated Death Gun and ran to Yamikaze on the west side of the rocky hill. At that moment, Sinon had already decided to use this to end this tournament.
Finally realizing what was placed in his hand, Kirito widened his eyes and got ready to throw it away instinctively.
To prevent him from doing this, Sinon wrapped both arms behind Kirito’s back and held his hands in.
Soon after, an abnormally dazzling flash appeared between the two avatars, engulfing the wryly smiling Kirito and the smiling Sinon into pure whiteness.
The time taken for the tournament was 2 hours, 4 minutes and 37 seconds.
The 3rd Bullet of Bullets battle royale finals ended.
The result—[Sinon] and [Kirito] won at the same time.

Chapter 15
From the time she was being transported from the lone island «ISL Ragnarok» to the waiting area, Sinon kept looking at the rankings and the countdown till log out while trying to calm herself down.
Though the tournament was over, the situation with «Death Gun» wasn’t. Death Gun’s accomplice might still be near her in the real world. Kirito said that the police would be there soon, but his log out time would be the same as Sinon. Also, he would need to contact his associate, so it would take at least 10 minutes. During this time, Sinon could only protect herself.
First, she had to check if her own room was safe. Then, she had to get Shinkawa Kyouji to come over to her house. Though there was a chance that he would meet Death Gun, these people weren’t using guns or knives as weapons, but syringes with poison—as that's Kirito's view—so they wouldn't randomly inject drugs into people who are awake. Of course, Sinon was ready to tell him to be careful.
The large countdown timer quickly flew by, and there were 10 seconds left till log out.
She looked at the large results screen one last time.
Sinon and Kirito, who won at the same time were glowing at the highest level. Even though her ultimate goal when playing GGO was to let her name appear there, unfortunately, the outcome this time would most likely not count. The situation was way too abnormal, so she would pin her hopes on the 4th tournament.
There was no 2nd place. The 3rd place was Death Gun's log in character name «Sterben». Sinon herself didn't know how the name should be read, but to the mantle guy, «Death Gun» should be his real name, so his log in name should be used to cover up his true identity.
The 4th place was «Yamikaze». Most of the people bet money on him as they felt that he would be the champion, so the official betting company should have earned a lot now. Starting from the 5th position, there were names that were more common, but after names like «Dyne» and «Xiahou Dun»—the ranking ended at 28.
The bottom most place showed the names of the two who disconnected, «Pale Rider» and «Garret».
As expected, there were 2 victims of Death Gun in this tournament. This meant that he had 2 accomplices. What kind of organization did those 3 people take part in a VRMMO, what kind of experience did they have that would cause them to take part in such a horrifying plot...
As the countdown timer went to zero, Sinon didn't feel the exhilaration of victory, but an abnormally cold chill.
A floating feeling descended on Shino, and as this feeling disappeared, she was already lying on her bed in her room in the real world.
No—it's possible that it wasn't just one person. She told herself not to immediately open her eyes or move about.
Shino didn't move at all but merely closed her eyes and started noticing her surroundings.
At this moment, there were some slight sounds that went into her ears. The first was her own breathing, and next, it was the heartbeat that was rather fast.
Bellowing down near the ceiling was the air-conditioner that was giving off warm air, and also, there was the humidifier that was letting out a buzzing sound. She could hear the sound of a vehicle running by from afar, and there was also a deep sound of a stereo woofer from a room in this apartment.
—But other than these sounds, there weren't any other strange sounds.
This time, Shino tried to take a deep breath softly. Her nose took in the particles of air, and there was just a little fragrance. Shino knew that it was the vanilla soap she placed above the storage box to act as air-freshener.
There wasn't anyone else in the room.
Even though she thought this way, Shino still couldn't open her eyes immediately. Maybe someone was watching her beside her bed—this fear remained in her heart.
No, even if it's not inside the room, he may be hiding in the kitchen or the bathroom...or the balcony...even in this small little suite, there were many places for a person to hide in if he or she wanted to. Also, there's a likelihood that he was hidden underneath the bed. No, I don't want to get up.
Right now, Kirito—Kirigaya Kazuto should have contacted the police through his associate, and she should be able to hear the sirens of the patrol cars. In that case, maybe it would be most safe not to move.
As Shino thought about this and got ready to close her eyes tight--
The old air-conditioner suddenly lowered its temperature, and the icy wind that was blown up floated on Shino's exposed thighs. A cold air covered her skin, making her feel itchy in the nose.
Shino herself probably resisted for 2 seconds. Then, her eyebrows and nose curled up, giving off a clear sneeze that disobeyed the owner's respiratory system. Shino froze, waiting for a reaction to this sneeze from a certain point in this room.
However, there was still no movement in the room.
Shino then stealthily opened her right eye.
Inside the dark room that had the lights turned off, the street lights from the gap in the curtains were the only ones that brought some light. Shino checked first to be sure that it could be seen from her eyes, and then slowly turned her head around bit by bit to check her room.
Anyway, there didn't seem to be anyone in her view. Even though she just sneezed, Shino carefully took off the AmuSphere on her head and put it beside the pillow. She used the strength of her abdomen to raise herself and looked around the entire room quickly.
—It looked like it wasn't any different from before she dived in.
Whether it was the mineral water on the table, the large sound box beside the table or the school bag that's left on the floor, nothing was moved at all.
Shino placed her hand on the mattress and then moved it alongside the bed. She gulped her saliva down and then poked her body out to look underneath the bed. It was obviously empty underneath.
She looked up, and checked through the curtains that the lead windows were locked up.
Then, she got off the bed barefooted, reached her neck out to take note of any movements in the kitchen. Speaking of which, that space which was only 3 mats big didn't look like it had any place to hide.
At this moment, Shino finally got up and subconsciously walked to the wall before pressing the switch. The room was immediately lit with white light, and even the corridor on the back of the kitchen lit up.
Looking closely, the lock on the door didn't look like it was touched before. Shino stood for a while before noticing that there weren't any strange sounds from the place behind a wall—the bathroom. In the end, there wasn't anything strange. Thus, she again tiptoed towards the kitchen.
The bathroom door was tightly shut, but wasn't locked, and there wasn't any light inside.
Shino grabbed onto the aluminium door handle with her right hand that's full of cold sweat.
She took a deep breath, held it, and pulled the bathroom door aside as her left hand turned on the lights.
“...”
Shino wordlessly inspected the bathroom for a while.
“Why am I scaring myself...”
She muttered. The rice-colored bathroom was obviously empty.
This time, Shino finally lowered her neck and the shoulders on both sides to relax her body. She turned halfway around and leaned her entire body on the wall before sitting down.
There wasn't anyone else in the room, and she couldn't see any evidence of other people who have entered.
Of course, there was a possibility that—the intruder who broke the old electronic lock was using the handphone to check the live telecast of GGO through the phone, and left after seeing that Death Gun was defeated.
If that was the case, the intruder may still be near this apartment. As she couldn't guarantee that he would not turn back, she had to hurry up, call Shinkawa Kyouji and invite him to her house. Shino felt this way, but just couldn't motivate herself.
She glanced at the kitchen timer that's placed on the fridge. It also functioned as a clock, and the numbers indicated on it showed that it was 10:07pm.
—It was a long three hours. The yogurt container that's in the trash bag in front of her was thrown in before she dived in, but it seemed to be a long time ago.
And her own heart seemed to feel that something has changed, but it didn't.
However, at least the anxiety that resided in her for a long time was gone. During this long time, perhaps her anxious feeling of only realizing that she had to get stronger was all wasted. She had to slowly work her way up.
“Okay...!”
Shino softly encouraged herself and got up before realizing that she was extremely thirsty. She went near the basin, used the cup to catch the water that flowed out from the tap and gulped it down.
And just when she was about to drink another cup—
DING DONG. The doorbell rang at this moment..
Shino tensed her body instinctively and then turned to look at the door. She suddenly had the thought that the person may open the door himself and couldn't breathe at all.
Thinking about it, maybe it was the police. She then turned to look at the clock, but the time since she logged out was less than 3 minutes, and it would be too fast.
Just when Shino was standing there, the doorbell rang again. Shino held her breath and stealthily went to the door.
It's better to chain the door up. Just when she thought that way, she timidly reached her left hand out, but just when she was about to touch the door chain—
“Asada-san, are you there? It's me, Asada-san!”
The electronic lock that had a speaker function gave the slightly sharp voice of a boy. Shino was rather familiar with this voice.
Shino herself immediately heaved a sigh of relief. She stepped on the slippers and brought her face near the door, and then looked outside the door for safety reasons. She saw a boy standing in the corridor, looking distorted because of the concave effect. That person was the friend she was ready to call to her house—the ex-classmate who invited Shino to play GGO, Shinkawa Kyouji.
“Shinkawa-kun...?”
Shino called the other person's name through the speaker, and then a somewhat hesitant voice came over.
“Well...I couldn't help but want to say congrats to you...I bought this from the convenience store, but it's just a little token of appreciation...”
After hearing these words, Shino again looked through the peephole. Kyouji outside was holding a small cake box.
“You, you're really quick...”
Shino couldn't help but question. Even after including the time for her to log out, it was only about 5 minutes ever since the tournament ended. Looking at things now, he probably didn't watch the telecast from his own house, but hung around at the park nearby and waited to buy the cake from the convenience store once it was decided before rushing here. His impulsive manner was really just like what the AGI-type Spiegel would do.
But this would remove the need to contact him herself. Shino exhaled and reached her hand out for the door.
“Hold on. I'm going to open the door.”
She said as she lowered her head, and found that her upper body was still wearing a tank top and pair of shorts below that showed a lot of her thighs. The girl felt that this was somewhat revealing, but she still shrugged and opened the door.
After opening the door, the smiling Shinkawa Kyouji was standing at the door. He was wearing a pair of jeans below and a military coat with feathers on top. It looked thick, but just didn't look like it could resist the cold air outside.
Shino was trembling because of the cold air that came at her feet and started saying,
“Wah, it's cold. Hurry up and come in.”
“U, un. Excuse me then.”
Kyouji nodded his head, shrank his neck back and entered the corridor with the concrete floor. On seeing Shino, he narrowed his eyes as if his eyes hurt.
“Wha, what is it...hurry up and close the door, or else the room's going to get cold. Ah, remember to lock it.”
Kyouji's eyes made Shino somewhat embarrassed, and she pretended to throw a tantrum to hide this feeling. She then turned around and walked towards the room. Behind her, the electronic sound of the door being locked could be heard. Shino returned to the 6 mat room, took the remote control on the table and adjusted the air temperature higher. The air conditioner bellowed in an exaggerated manner and breathed out warmer air that shook off the cold air in the room.
Shino quickly sat down on the bed, looked up, and found that Kyouji was standing at the door in a somewhat lost manner.
“Please take a seat. Ah...do you want a drink?”
“No need. There’s no need for that.”
“I'm tired now. There's nothing now if you really say so.”
The girl said that jokingly, and Kyouji's face finally showed a smile. He placed the cake on the table next to the tea set and sat down on the cushion beside it.
“...I'm sorry for arriving so suddenly, Asada-san. But...as I said before, I really wanted to celebrate things with you fast.”
He covered his knees like a kid and then looked up at Shino.
“Well...congratulations on becoming the BoB champion. Asada-san...Sinon was really amazing. You finally became the strongest gunman in GGO. But...I knew it. Asada-san would one day succeed. Because Asada-san had real strength like no others...”
“Thanks...”
Shino felt somewhat embarrassed, and thus, she shook her neck that shrank back.
“But there're two winners this time...and if you saw the live telecast, you should have seen that there were a lot of unnatural things that happened...maybe, the tournament will be declared as invalid...”
“Eh...?”
“Well...how should I put it...”
For a moment, Shino couldn't think of how to explain the «Death Gun» incident to the puzzled Kyouji. She didn't really know about the entire thing too, and couldn't continue on with the explanation. And—right now, even she started wondering that this may be like an illusion.
Maybe...
All these were merely caused by coincidence...? Could shooting someone in the virtual world really kill a player by poison in the real world? To be honest, Shino only saw Pale Rider being disconnected. If he and the other player who disconnected were really dead, it would mean that Death Gun's crimes were real, but Shino would have no definite proof until she had news that they died.
The police would come over in another 10 minutes, and then I should explain everything to Kyouji, right? Shino had this thought and changed the topic.
“Oh well...it's nothing. It's just that there was a strange player. But you were really quick. The tournament just ended 5 minutes ago.”
“Ah, well...I came over near your house and used the handphone to watch the live feed so that I could immediately congratulate you...”
Kyouji hurriedly said this, and Shino smiled on seeing him like this.
“I had a feeling that it would be like that. It's cold outside. You'll catch a cold. Let me brew you some tea.”
But Kyouji shook his head to stop Shino. His face gradually lost its smile, showing a nervous look. Shino could only blink.
“Well...Asada-san...”
“Wha, what is it?”
“I...saw the footage of the desert cave...on the telecast...”
Shino could guess from these words and Kyouji's expression what he didn't say out. Thinking about what happened back in the cave, Shino couldn't help but blush.
“Tha...that was...”
Shino forgot all about it—or rather, she deliberately forgot about it; but she was lying on Kirito's knees when he sat down at the wall, crying and screaming. Kyouji did see that footage. She could only say that she was too careless and caused things to end up like this.
Shino lowered her head in a sorry manner, but Kyouji continued on. She thought that he would ask her about her relationship with Kirito, but what he said next surprised Sinon.
“That guy...must have threatened you, right? You could only do that because he got something on you, right?”
“Wha, what?”
Shino looked up in surprise.
Kyouji's eyes were giving off a strange light as he bent forward in a half-kneel position. A hoarse voice came from his irregular moving lips,
“You were threatened by him, and even sniped at the player he was fighting against...but you made that guy relax and then brought him down with you with a grenade, right? But...I don't think that's enough, Asada-san. I said it before...you must show him some attitude...”
“Ah...that...”
Shino couldn't say anything, and then frantically thought of how to explain it.
“No...I wasn't threatened. I knew that it was too random in the tournament...but I nearly panicked when diving...and in this mess...I vented my anger on Kirito...that guy. Anyway, I said a lot of things too much.”
“...”
Kyouji widened his eyes and silently listened to Shino.
“But...that guy infuriates me, but he felt...just like my mom. Because of that, I cried like a kid...it was really embarrassing, right?”
“...Asada-san...bu...but you did that because you relapsed, right? You...had no special feelings with that guy, right?”
“Eh...?”
“Asada-san, you said that you wanted me to wait for you, right?”
Kneeling down and bending forward, Kyouji looked extremely nervous.
“You said that before, right? If I wait, that you'll be mine, right? Tha...that's why I...”
“...Shinkawa-kun...”
“SAY IT! SAY THAT YOU HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH THAT GUY. SAY THAT YOU HATE HIM!”
“Wha...what's with you...all of sudden...”
Shino did remember that she told Kyouji to 'wait for me' when they were at the park before the tournament.
However, the meaning was to 'wait until she finally shook off her demons'. And then she would become an ordinary girl once that day came.
“A...Asada-san, you're strong now that you became champion, so you won't relapse again. So you don't need that guy. I'll accompany you always. I'll...protect you forever.”
Kyouji started muttering as if he was dreaming and stood up before swaying towards Shino and took a few steps—he then suddenly opened his arms and hugged Shino without holding back his strength.
“Uu...?”
Shino felt extremely tense as she was extremely shocked. The bones on her arms and abdomen started to ache, and the air in her lungs were squeezed out.
“...Shin...kawa-ku...n...”
The impact and force caused Shino to gasp. However, Kyouji exerted even more force and pressed his weight on Shino like he wanted to get her onto the bed.
“Asada-san...I like you. I love you. My Asada-san...my Sinon.”
Kyouji's hoarse and breaking voice didn't sound like a love confession, but like a curse.
“Stop...it...!”
Shino tried her best to use both hands to support her body on the bed. She then exerted strength on her legs and used her right shoulder to nudge Kyouji's chest away—
“...Stop it!”
Though she could only give a hoarse voice, she finally managed to push Kyouji's body back, and took a large amount of breath like she was panting.
Kyouji himself tumbled onto the seat and fell backwards. He then ended up knocking into the teaset, and the box that had cake inside dropped and let out a little sound.
However, Kyouji himself didn't seem to notice it as he just continued to stare at Shino. The shocked expression on his face seemed to show that he wouldn't believe that Shino would reject him.
Those widened eyes soon lost their shine—and an empty voice came out of his trembling mouth,
“This won't do, Asada-san. You can't betray me. Only I can save Asada-san, so you can't look at other guys.”
After saying that, he closed in on Shino.
“...Shin, Shinkawa-san...”
Shino was still shocked as she could only mutter in a dazed manner.
It's true that she felt a dangerous impulse in Shinkawa's eyes when she invited him over for dinner and when she was hugged by him at the park. However, Shino felt that it couldn't be helped to a certain extent as he was a guy, and she couldn't imagine that kind and feeble Shinkawa to do something out of control.
However, to Shino, who's unable to move on the bed, Shinkawa who's looking down at her, had a mysterious glint in his eyes that she never saw before.
Don't tell me Shinkawa-kun's going to rape me...
The interrupted thoughts flashed through Shino's mind, and the fear went through her body in a way that surpassed the impact.
However—
Though Shino was thinking in the right direction, it was of a completely different manner.
Kyouji opened his mouth slightly and let out a heavy breathing sound. He then reached his right hand into the military jacket and looked like he was holding something.
The right hand that he held out showed a rather strange object.
That thing was about 20cm long, made by translucent milky-white plastic.
The tip was tapered, and there was a cylinder about 3cm thick. At the back, there was a handle-like thing protruding out diagonally, and Kyouji's right hand was there. Also, his thumb was placed at the green button that's on the joint between the handle and the cylinder.
The tip of the round cylinder had a silver metal part on it, and what could be called a sharp tip had a little opening. Basically, it looked like a laser gun a kid was playing with, but it couldn't mask a certain function despite its simple look.
The right hand that was in Kyouji's hands trembled slightly, and then he placed the round cylinder carelessly on Shino's neck. That icy feeling made all the hairs on Shino's skin stand.
“Shin...kawa...kun...?”
Shino barely managed to squeeze these words out from her stiff lips, but before she could finish, Kyouji said with a deep voice,
“Don't move, Asada-san. You can't scream too. This...is called a needleless syringe. It has a drug called «Succinylcholine». The muscles can't move once this is injected, and the heart will soon stop.”
If her brain really had a mental protection shell, Shino's shell would have several layers punctured in today.
The cold air that came from behind her neck made Shino's limbs go cold. Shino realized that her limbs were starting to stiffen as she racked her brain to understand what Kyouji meant.
What that meant was that—Kyouji wanted to kill Shino. If she didn't listen to him, he would use that toy-like syringe in his hand and inject that really long English-name drug into Shino's body to stop her heart.
Thinking about this, another corner of Shino's mind was thinking and asking herself, Is this a joke? How can Shinkawa-kun do such a thing? But in fact, Shino's lips didn't move as they felt like a ton. And the cold hard metal cylinder was pressed at her neck—or more accurate—it was 5cm below her left ear. This cold feeling continued to deny the possibility that Kyouji was joking.
Shino couldn't see Kyouji's expression as she was facing the light, but still stared at his face blankly. His still tender-looking round face twitched its chin slightly, shooting out a voice without restraint.
“It's alright, Asada-san. You don't have to be scared. Soon...we'll be together as one. I want to offer all the feelings I had accumulated all~this while to you. I'll inject it gently into you...so you won't feel any pain at all. Don't worry, just leave everything to me.”
Shino couldn't understand anything of what he said at all. It really sounded like Japanese, yet it sounded like a language from a certain country. Two words continued to ring in her ears.
This is called a needleless syringe, and it can stop your heart.
Syringe, heart. It felt like...she heard these words somewhere before.
In the desert under the night sky, inside the small cave, the boy who looked like a girl said this before. «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako» may have had a certain drug injected into them that caused heart failure...but that seemed like something that happened in a distant dreamland.
In that case—tha—that means...
Shino's lips moved like they were numb, and then, she heard her own hoarse voice.
“That...that means...you...you're the other «Death Gun»?”
The syringe that was placed at the neck suddenly jerked. Kyouji gave an admiring smile like how he would when talking to Shino.
“...Heh, that's too amazing. As expected of Asada-san...you saw through the secret of «Death Gun». That's right. I'm the other «Death Gun». Even so, «Sterben» before this BoB was controlled by me. I'm really happy that you saw me shoot Zekushiido in the Gurokken bar. But, for today, I want to be active in the real world. I can't accept other guys touching Asada-san. Even if we were brothers.”
This umpteenth shock caused Shino's body to tense up again.
Kyouji did mention before that he had an older brother, but he merely mentioned how this brother of his was always sick ever since young and always moved from home to hospital. He never said anything other than that, so Shino never asked.
“B...bro...brother? The one who joined the red guild in SAO...was...your brother?”
This time, it was Kyouji's turn to widen his eyes in shock.
“Wow, so you even knew about that. Shoichi nii-san said that much in the tournament? Maybe nii-san really admired Asada-san. But Asada-san, you can relax. I won't let anyone else touch you. Actually...I didn't intend to inject this into Asada-san. Nii-san may get angry...but because Asada-san, you said that you'll be mine in the park...”
Kyouji paused. The intoxicated smile on his face disappeared, and his expression went back to being blank.
“...But...Asada-san, and that guy, actually...you must have been tricked by him. I don't know what that guy said, but I'll chase him away immediately. I'll make you forget about him.”
As the syringe was still held at Shino's neck, Kyouji used his left hand to grab Shino's right shoulder and pressed Shino down onto the bed like that. He then got up the bed and moved onto Shino's thighs. While doing that, he was still murmuring like he was daydreaming,
“...Don't worry, I won't let Asada-san be alone. I'll accompany you immediately after. We shall be reborn in GGO...no, in a more fantasy-like game, and then we'll become husband and wife and have a wonderful life. We'll have adventures...and then we'll have kids. That'll be great!”
Though Shino heard the nonsensical ramblings from Kyouji, that numb part of her thinking ability was still thinking—the police will be here soon, so I have to talk to him more.
“But...if you're not here as a partner, your brother will be troubled, right...an..and, I didn't get shot in the game. If I die, that Death Gun rumor you guys worked hard to build on will be doubted.”
Shino continued to move her dry tongue as she said all that, and Kyouji moved the syringe in his right hand and pressed onto Shino's collarbone, revealing a stiff smile.
“Don't worry. There were three targets today, so nii-san brought another person also. That was another guild member of his during SAO. That person would soon take over my position, and...how can I put Asada-san in the same conversation as trash like Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako? Asada-san's not Death Gun's belonging, but mine. Once Asada-san goes off...I'll bring you to the endless abyss, and then I'll follow after. So, please wait for me halfway there.”
Kyouji's left hand carefully moved up into Shino's abdomen inside the tank top timidly. He touched with his fingertips a few times before using his entire hand.
The fear and irritation made Shino get goosebumps, but she really wanted to talk on. If she moved or screamed, the seemingly gentle boy in front of her would definitely press the syringe. Unfortunately, Kyouji's voice and expression showed that he would definitely do this. Thus, Shino could only keep her cool and say,
“...We, well...you haven't used this syringe in the real world, right...? The...there's still time. You can start afresh. Don't think of dying...you still have the high-school equivalent of General Scholastic Ability Test? And there's still remedial classes, right? Don't you want to be a doctor...?”
“General Scholastic Ability Test...?”
Kyouji tilted his head like he heard that term for the first time. He repeated it a few times before finally going 'ahh...'. The left hand left Shino and reached inside the jacket.
He took out a thin piece of paper from his pocket.
“Do you want to take a look?”
He gave a self-mocking smile and handed the piece of paper over to Shino.
Shino was rather familiar with this paper that had certain numbers on them—that's the mock exam results slip. However, the scores and segments for each subject could be said to be so bad that nobody could believe it.
“Sh...Shinkawa-kun...this is...”
“It's funny, isn't it? To think that there's such a rating...”
“Bu...but, your parents...”
What Shino meant was that 'your parents would still let you play with the AmuSphere after seeing such scores', and Kyouji immediately understood what she wanted to say.
“Fufu, this sort of results slip...I can make it with a printer. Besides, I told my parents that I was wearing the AmuSphere for long-distance learning. They won't help me with GGO's monthly fees, but that small sum of money can be earned easily from the game...it should be easy to earn it, originally...”
The smile on Kyouji's face suddenly disappeared. He frowned, and the gritted teeth were exposed.
“...I had enough of this boring world. Whether it's my parents...those guys at school, they're all bastards. Once I become the strongest in GGO...I'm satisfied. At...at first, «Spiegel» was supposed to be the strongest player...”
Shino felt Kyouji's hand trembling from the syringe that's placed at her neck, and held her breath as she was worried that Kyouji would press it.
“But...Zekushiido, that scumbag...lying about how AGI-type are the strongest...that damned bastard caused Spiegel to be unable to even equip an M16...damn it...damn it...”
The anger in Kyouji's voice was so deep that nobody could tell that he was talking about the game.
“Now...I can't even earn my monthly connection fee...GGO's my everything...I gave up on everything in the real world...”
“...So that's why....that's why you killed Zekushiido...?”
Though she was thinking whether he killed him because of this reason, Shino still asked that. Kyouji blinked hard a few times and then showed a drunken smile.
“Yeah. To create the legend of «Death Gun» being the strongest in GGO...no, in all the VRMMOs, that guy would be the best sacrifice! Once I kill Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako, then Pale Rider and Garret who appeared in this tournament, no matter how foolish the other players are, they'll know that Death Gun really has the ability to kill. The strongest...I'm the strongest...”
Perhaps unable to restrain the excitement rising inside him, Kyouji's entire body started to tremble.
“...Now there's no need to waste time in such a boring world. Here...Asada-san. Let's evolve into the «next step».”
“Shi...Shinkawa-kun...”
Shino desperately shook her head and pleaded to Kyouji.
“No. You...can still head back. You can still start afresh. Come along and surrender yourself with me...”
“...”
But Kyouji merely looked afar and shook his head.
“...There's nothing worth living for in the real world. Come, be one with me, Asada-san...”
That left hand started patting Shino's face as it accompanied his feeble voice, and his fingers went around Shino's hair.
Kyouji's fingertips were very dry. As the cracks on the fingers stroked Shino's soft skin near her ear, she could feel a slight pain. However, Kyouji looked like he didn't notice Shino's expression as he continued on like he was daydreaming,
“Asada-san...my Asada-san...I always liked you...ever since I...heard about Asada-san's situation...in school...I always...”
“...Eh...”
Shino hesitated for a bit before realizing what Kyouji was saying. But after thinking about it, she couldn't help but widen her eyes.
“Wha...what's...going on...”
“I always liked you...always admired you...”
“...Then you...”
Shino muttered in her head 'no way', and then asked with a voice that was about to disappear,
“You...talked to me...because you knew about that incident...?”
“Of course.”
Kyouji's left hand stroked Shino's face like he was comforting a kid and then nodded passionately.
“I think if there's a girl who once used a real gun to shoot and kill someone, you'll be the only one in all of Japan who had done that. That's really amazing. Didn't I say that Asada-san has real power? That's why I chose the «Type-54 handgun» to create the ultimate weapon of «Death Gun». Asada-san's the one I admired the most. I love you...I love you...I love you more than anyone else...”
“...How is that...possible...”
—To think that there's such an eccentric person.
Shino once thought that this boy was the only friend she could get along with other than her relatives. However—his mind was already in another world. Ever since the beginning, both of them had a huge gap between them that couldn't be measured.
Shino's heart finally sank into the abyss of despair. Her vision, hearing and all her sense lost their significance as the world gradually left her.
Shino lost all her strength in her body.
In her vision that lost focus, Kyouji's eyes above her were looming like black holes. Those eyes looked as if they were tunnels to the deep dark world—
They were the eyes of that guy.
That guy who was hiding in the shadows of the night streets, the window openings, «Death Gun»'s mask and all the darkness, looking for a chance, still came back in the end.
Shino's fingers immediately went cold. The feelings of her fingertips started to leave her body and consciousness, and her entire soul shrank.
In the deepest area of this shell called the human body, Shino who was trapped in the small and cramped darkness returned back to the time when she was a kid, all curled up. She didn't want to see or feel anything.
The 16 years she lived were so icy and cruel. It took the father she had never seen before, took her mother's heart, and even took away a part of Shino's soul with great malice.
The adults in this world who saw her would look interested as if they were looking at some strange animal and also had intense irritation in them. Kids at the same age however mocked her and humiliated her.
But this world itself didn't seem satisfied as it wanted to take Shino's life while she already had nothing. She really didn't want to admit that this was the one «truth» in this world.
However, this wasn't reality. These were just certain things that happened in this overlapping world. In these worlds, there should be «a world where nothing happened».
Not knowing Shinkawa Kyouji, not going through the post office incident, her father not having died in the traffic accident. A certain world should have an ordinary Asada Shino living a peaceful life. Shino curled in the darkness and gradually became a lifeless thing, but her soul kept pushing her to look for her smiling profile in the warm sun.
At this moment, Shino suddenly felt an urge to argue back at herself from the irony.
If she was unable to accept the cruel reality and escape into fantasy, wouldn't she be like Shinkawa Kyouji to some extent.
Bullied at school, being treated like that by his parents, the heavy pressure of exams...Shinkawa Kyouji gave up on these «realities» and went to the virtual world for redemption. Kyouji believed that if he could get the title of the 'strongest' in the virtual world, he would be able to cover over that weak him in the real world. But now that the wish vanished, he crashed too.
Like Kyouji, Shino yearned to be the strongest in the world called Gun Gale Online, and she felt that this goal would form some sort of inspiration, and she thought that she found a way to settle her own problems.
The icy cold hand that came from deep inside Shino's swamp of memories finally grabbed her and got ready to drag her into the dark abyss. However, she couldn't resist, and couldn't even open her eyes. Every effort was futile.
Shino could only think in an interrupted manner like water bubbles floating up from the riverbed, however, she suddenly remembered...
If it's that guy, what will he do?
That boy who was locked in the virtual prison for 2 years, took a few lives in it, should have lost important people in his long battle. He should have felt regret over it, right? He would definitely hate the virtual world that took lots of things, correct?
No, he wouldn't do that. No matter what sort of trials he faced, he wouldn't abandon the responsibility he had. It's because he was that sort of person that he was able to win in that battle of despair against Death Gun.
—You're really strong, Kirito.
Shino muttered deep inside the dark abyss.
—You finally managed to save me...but I betrayed your kind intents. I'm sorry...
Kirito said that he would get the police over once he logged out. She didn't know how much time elapsed since she logged out, but it looked like it was too late. It's unknown what sort of thoughts he would have if he knew that Shino was killed. This really made her worry...
Thinking about that, her thoughts started to create a chain reaction, and a certain worry lit the darkness in the girl's heart like a weak lamp.
Kirito---will it be over after that lightsaber warrior contacted his associate? Maybe he might even drive over to my apartment. But even in this case, it'll be too late. Once Kirito meets Shinkawa Kyouji in this room, Kyouji might do something. He might run away or stop struggling...or rather, will he attack Kirito with the syringe in his hand? From the way Kyouji showed his hatred against Kirito, it was likely that he would do that.
Maybe she was destined to die.
But—after thinking about how it would involve that boy—that would--
That would be a different case altogether.
...Even so, there's no other way.
The young Shino, who was lying in the midst of darkness, was all curled up and refused to receive any information through the eyes or ears. At this moment, the sniper girl with the desert-colored muffler, Sinon, knelt beside her, placed her hand on the slender shoulders and said softly,
...Up till now, we had only been looking out for ourselves, fighting for ourselves, so we couldn't hear Shinkawa's inner voice. But—it may be too late, but we should at least fight for others.
Shino opened her eyes slowly while she was sinking in the darkness. A white, slender yet strong hand reached out to her. Shino timidly grabbed that hand.
Sinon from the game smiled and helped Asada Shino out. She moved her pink lips and said clearly.
Come, let's go.
Both of them kicked the darkness and started moving up to the light at the water surface.

Shino blinked hard and again returned to the real world.
Kyouji was still holding the syringe in his right hand as he pressed it against Shino's neck, and his left hand was trying to take off Shino's tank top. However, he wasn't able to take it off with one hand, and showed an anxious expression. Soon after, he started tugging at the fabric that was about to be torn.
Shino pretended to be pulled by him and turned her body left. The tip of the syringe slid off from Shino's body and stabbed into the bed.
Shino immediately used this chance to grab the cylinder with her left hand, and then used her right palm to strongly press at Kyouji's lower jaw.
'Gu!', with a sound of impact, Kyouji went backwards, and the weight that was pressing down on Shino's body disappeared. She then used her right hand to push a few times and then tugged at the syringe with her left hand. If she didn't use this chance, her last hope will then vanish.
However, Kyouji was using his better hand to grab the handle, and Shino merely grabbed the slippery cylinder with her left hand, so Shino was in a disadvantage in this tug-of-war. Kyouji recovered and pulled his right hand back, making a strange sound as he swung his left hand.
“Gu...!”
His fist landed hard on Shino's right shoulder. As the syringe was plucked out from her left hand, Shino rolled back from the front edge of the bed. She hit the writing desk with her back, and one of the drawers slid out, dropped and scattered things all over the place.
Having been injured in the back, Shino was immediately unable to breathe and could only pant to get air. Kyouji was pressing his lower jaw on the bed, but he immediately lifted his head and looked at Shino.
His eyes were rounded, and the lips that were glowing with saliva were numb. From the way he was bleeding on the lips, it looked like he bit his own tongue. Soon after, he let out a hoarse voice,
“Why...?”
He slowly shook his head, seemingly feeling disbelief.
“Wh, why must it be like this...? Asada-san only has me! I'm the only one who understands Asada-san! I've always been helping you...always been protecting you...”
On hearing his words, Shino recalled a few days ago. As she was on the way back from school, she was surrounded by Endo and the rest and was extorted, and Kyouji just happened to pass by and save her—
Looking at things now, it wasn't a coincidence.
It was likely that Kyouji tailed Shino every day after she left school until she entered her own house, and would log into GGO to wait for Shino to enter the game.
That could only be called madness. Shino seemed to realize a little that he had some dangerous aspect about him, but never noticed this terrifying nature of his at all. Was this the result of not being open with someone? Even in this situation, Shino still felt bitter inside.
“Shinkawa-kun...”
Shino moved her stiff lips and said,
“...Everything's painful...but I still like this world. I guess I'll like it more in the future. So...I can't go with you.”
As she said that, Shino got ready to get up. While supporting herself on the floor with the right hand, her fingertips felt something heavy and cold.
She immediately knew what it was. That was an object she always hid deep inside that drawer. It was the symbol of all her fears in the real world. It was the participation prize she had in the 2nd BoB tournament—the model gun «Procyon SL».
Shino fumbled with her fingers before grabbing it, and then slowly raised this heavy handgun at Kyouji.
The gun in her hand felt abnormally cold like ice. Shino's right hand immediately felt slowed, and the numbness crept up her arm.
She knew that this wasn't the cold freezing feeling in the real world. Even though she knew that it was a mental rejection, she couldn't stop this feeling from happening. That fear which couldn't be explained came out from deep inside her heart like black liquid.
The white wallpaper that was speck-clean seemed to shake like water, and the grey concrete cracks behind the wall started to appear in front of her. The wood-based floor faded in color and became a green flax carpet. The protruding windows became the counter too. As Shino recovered, she found out that she was standing in the middle of an old post office.
Kyouji's face that was being pointed at suddenly melted. His skin changed to a person with oily yellow skin, lots of wrinkles, and a set of yellow teeth in the dry mouth. The syringe in his right hand unknowingly became the old automatic handgun that was giving a dark glow—and the gun in Shino's hand became the same thing.
Predicting what would happen next, Shino sank into extreme panic. Her stomach felt like it was pushed up, and her muscles tensed up.
No, I don't want to look. I really want to throw aside this Blackstar in my hand and get away from here.
But if she ran away here, everything would be wasted. The things that were as important as her life would also disappear.
She was fighting her fear as Asada Shino when she relapsed, and she was fighting against many powerful foes as the sniper Sinon. Perhaps these experiences would never bring any outcome. But—
This so-called strength is the process of moving forward.
Shino gritted her teeth and cocked the gun with her thumb. The apparition that appeared in front of Shino disappeared with this hard and heavy sound.
Kyouji, who knelt on the bed, watched the Procyon SL that was pointed at him and backed away slightly. Perhaps feeling scared, he continued to blink.
He opened his mouth, and the hoarse voice then followed.
“...What do you want to do, Asada-san. Tha...that's just a model gun, right? Do you really think that that thing can stop me?”
Shino placed her left hand on the table, exerting strength into her lifeless legs to get up and answered Kyouji,
“You said it before. I have real power. You said it before that there aren't any other girls who used a handgun to shoot someone else before.”
“...”
Kyouji's face turned as white as paper and tensed up, backing away.
“So this isn't a model gun any more. Once I press this trigger, I'll shoot a real bullet to kill you.”
Shino pointed the handgun at Kyouji and then slowly moved to the kitchen.
“Yo...you want to...kill...me...?”
Kyouji muttered like he was daydreaming and slowly shook his head.
“Asada-san wants...to kill me...?”
“Yes. You'll be the only one going to that world.”
“NO...NO...I DON'T WANT...TO BE ALONE...!!!”
Kyouji's eyes lost all signs of consciousness. He looked up at the space blankly and knelt down on the bed.
Seeing his right hand loosen up and the syringe nearly falling completely onto the bedsheet, Shino hesitated over whether she should use this chance to snatch that thing. However, if she agitated Kyouji, he may really lose his senses and attack. Thus, Shino continued to move slowly to the kitchen.
When her eyes couldn't see Kyouji, she immediately kicked the floor and ran to the door.
A mere 5m distance felt so far away. She tried her best not to let out any footsteps as she moved past the kitchen. As she ran to the corridor and stepped onto it...
The mat slid backwards, and Shino fell down. She swung her right hand to get balance, and the model gun flew out and landed in the basin, creating a loud sound.
Even though she didn't manage to fall, the left kneecap hit the floor, causing Shino to feel pain. However, she continued to try and reach her body out and use her right hand to grab the door handle.
However, the door wouldn't budge. At this moment, Shino noticed that the door was still locked and gritted her teeth while unlocking it.
CLAK. Just as the sound of the door unlocking reached Shino's fingers—
An icy hand held her right ankle hard.
“...!”
Shino held her breath and looked back, and found that the distraught Kyouji was lying on the floor and grabbing her foot. She did not know where the syringe went.
Shino tried to shake him off and moved her foot about, and her hand went all the way, reaching out to try and pull the door open. However, her fingers did touch the door handle, but she didn't hold it. That's because Kyouji's amazing strength pulled her back.
Even after Kyouji pulled her to the kitchen for several centimeters, Shino still used her left hand to grab the step of the corridor to resist.
If she screamed here, her voice may reach outside. But just when Shino was about to scream out, her throat got stuck and couldn’t take in air, causing only a hoarse voice.
Kyouji’s strength could be said to be far more than usual. That skinny body of his which was only about as tall as Shino showed such arm power from nothing. Shino’s left hand was finally pulled away from the step, and she was then pulled deep into the kitchen.
Kyouji’s face immediately pressed down. Even though Shino held her right hand tight and got ready to push at his lower chin, Kyouji grabbed it with his left hand the moment she touched the skin. That wrist felt as tight as a tiger clamp, and a sharp pain exploded deep inside her brain.
“AsadasanAsadasanAsadasan…”
After a while, Shino realized that the strange sound Kyouji was making was actually her name. Kyouji’s face lost all focus and his mouth was giving off white foam as he slowly brought his mouth close in. The mouth he brought over was really big, showing two rows of teeth that looked like they were ready to rip Shino’s skin away. Shino wanted to push him away with her left hand, but her left hand was soon grabbed by Kyouji’s right hand.
Shino’s hands were restrained, but she intended to wait for Kyouji to close in and bite his neck. Just when Shino’s mouth was becoming tense for that moment—
A sudden gust of cold air blew past Shino’s shoulders. Kyouji looked up behind Shino, and his eyes and mouth were open wide.
Just when Shino was thinking about what happened, a black whirlwind rushed in front of her from the door that was opened unknowingly—it should be someone, at least, as he used his knee to smash into Kyouji’s face.
Dodo, with that sound, Shino could only look flabbergasted as she watched the mysterious intruder who rolled into the room with Kyouji.
Kyouji, who collapsed onto the floor, was bleeding from the nose and the mouth, and a young man she never met before was on him.
That person had slightly long black hair, and he was dressed in a similarly black rider suit. Shino thought that he could be another resident from the apartment, but once the guy—or boy turned around to shout, Shino immediately knew his true identity.
“HURRY UP AND GET AWAY, SINON! GET SOMEONE TO HELP!”
“Kiri…”


As she muttered blankly, Shino hurriedly got up. She knew she had to get away from this place as soon as possible, but her feet just wouldn’t follow.
Finally, Shino grabbed the edge of the sink and finally managed to stand up. So he did personally come over from Ochinomizu. This meant that the police would be here soon. At that time, Shino forced herself to move her weak legs towards the entrance and ran a few steps—
Shino remembered something important.
Kyouji had a fatal weapon. She had to warn Kirito.
Just when she turned around and got ready to shout,
Kyouji, who was pressed down on the floor, completely lost his senses and let out a wild beast like howl. Kirito’s body was then pushed aside, and both of them swapped places.
“SO IT’S…….YYYYYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUU!!!”
Kyouji’s roar sounded like the echo from a large audio speaker, and the volume was so loud it nearly broke the eardrums of those near him.
“DON’T YOU GET NEAR MY ASADA-SAAANNNN!!!”
Kirito was ready to support his body, but Kyouji’s left fist hit his face and let out a heavy impact sound. Kyouji then reached his right hand into the jacket pocket and took out that savage gun-shaped syringe.
“KIRITO—!”
Just when Shino shouted that…
“GOOOOO TOOOOOO HEEEEEEEELLLLLL!!!!!!!”
Kyouji roared out.
Byutsu~ The high pressure syringe stabbed into Kirito’s chest, on the T-shirt that showed itself under the rider’s jacket, and let out a soft, sharp yet clear sound.
What was terrifying was that the sound was really similar to the high-capability silencers installed on guns.
Of course, Shino only knew about the sound effects of the imaginary guns in Gun Gale Online, and in fact, she didn’t know what the sound would be like if it was silenced in real life. However, to Shino, who was familiar with this sound, it meant that she should step up and face the threat. The moment she recovered, she found herself running forward.
She took a few steps, rushed past the kitchen and then subconsciously looked for the most effective weapon. Finally, she chose the stereo on the table, and grabbed the handle with her right hand.
This machine Shino used for a long time had quite some history, and it could be said to be abnormally big, about as large as modern wall-speakers. Shino used her waist to support this rectangular body that was less than 3kg and quickly swung it behind her—
And then used centrifuge force to hit the left side of Kyouji’s face, which was showing a smile that looked like he lost it.
Shino almost didn’t feel any shock or feeling when she struck him, but after Kyouji was sent flying away fast, his head hit the corner edge of the bedframe, letting out a heavy sound that still clearly remained in her ears.
After half a second, Kyouji, who was struck on both sides of the head, moaned as he collapsed onto the floor. His right hand was loosened, and the high pressure syringe rolled out.
Shino didn’t know whether that thing could continuously inject drugs, but she still took it. Kyouji was already showing white eyes and moaning away. It seemed that he was unable to move for the time being.
Shino thought about using a belt or something to tie Kyouji’s hands up, but before that, there was something more important for her to do. She then turned around…
“Kirito…!”
She gave a soft cry and knelt down beside the boy.
This boy who was as tender looking as his character in the game recognized Shino and said with a hoarse voice,
“I’ve been had…to think…that he would have a syringe…”
“Where? Where were you stabbed?”
Throwing the syringe aside, Shino hurriedly undid Kirito’s rider jacket zipper.
I have to call the hospital. But before that, I have to do immediate emergency first aid. But what should I do to clear the toxin from the chest—Shino’s mind continued to be filled with random thoughts, and her fingers started trembling.
Under the jacket was a faded blue T-shirt, and what just landed straight on the heart was a worrying stain. She didn’t know how much «piercing ability» the syringe had, but it shouldn’t be something that could be blocked by a thin T-shirt.
“You can’t die…you can’t die like this!”
Shino wailed in a tiny voice as she rolled up the T-shirt from the jeans.
That flat stomach and chest of Kirito’s were immediately exposed, and his skin was rather white for a guy. However, slightly right from the center of the chest, where the T-shirt stain was—there was something stuck on it.
“…?”
Shino looked bewildered as she looked at that object.
It was a round object that was about 3cm thick. The silver round plate had a suction cap that was made from yellow rubber. Also, there was something on the edge of the round pad that looked like a socket, but there wasn’t anything on it.
The metal circle was completely wet on the surface, and there was a thin fluid flowing down. That transparent fluid should be the fatal drug «Succinylcholine» that Kyouji said.
Shino hurriedly looked around the floor, and on finding the tissue paper box, she drew two out and then carefully wiped the fluid away. She brought her face a few centimeters away from Kirito’s chest, and then thoroughly checked for any high-pressure fluid injected in near the mysterious pad.
No matter how she looked, Kirito’s chest didn’t look like it had any damage. The high pressure syringe seemed to have pierced through the T-shirt and hit the metal circle pad that was only a few centimeters wide, and the liquid that was injected was blocked by this hard object on the outside. She tried to place her hand on the pad, and immediately felt a strong and forceful heartbeat.
Shino blinked and moved her eyes up, seeing that Kirito’s face was moaning and keeping his eyes closed.
“Hey…listen to me…”
“Uu…I can’t make it…I can’t breathe…”
“Hey, listen to me.”
“…Damn it…I can’t think of…any last words…at this moment…”
“What’s this that’s stuck on you?”
“…Eh?”
Kirito again widened his eyes, lowered his head and looked at his chest. He then frowned in surprise and used his right hand finger to touch the metal circle pad.
“…Don’t tell me…the drug hit this place?”
“Seems that way…what’s going on?”
“…Well…that should be the electrode of the ECG…”
“Wha…what? Why is there such a thing…is your heart bad…?”
“Not really…just a means to counter «Death Gun»…that, that’s right, I was panicking so the cable snapped and there was still one on me…”
Kirito forcefully heaved a sigh and said softly,
“Really…I was nearly scared to death…”
“I…”
Shino used both hands to grab Kirito on the collar and lifted him.
“—I WAS THE ONE WHO SHOULD BE SAYING THAT! I…I THOUGHT THAT YOU WERE DEAD THERE!!”
Perhaps after shouting, all her tension disappeared as Shino suddenly felt darkness in front of her eyes. She slowly shook her head and looked at Kyouji who collapsed slightly afar.
“Is…he still alive?”
As Kirito asked her, Shino timidly reached her hand out to hold Kyouji’s limp right wrist. Luckily, his hand was giving a clear pulse. Shino had the thought of wanting to tie Kyouji up, but she really couldn’t look straight at him now that his eyes were closed, and could only look away. Shino didn’t want to think about Kyouji anymore. Even though she didn’t have any anger or sadness in that, there was a severe emptiness in her.
Shino kneeled down and blankly stared at the high-pressure syringe that rolled onto the floor—she should call it the real «Death Gun». A few seconds later, she finally spoke up,
“Anyway…thanks for coming over to help…”
Kirito smiled like usual and then shook his head.
“Don’t worry…I didn’t really help much…and I was nearly late, so, sorry. Because Kiku…my associate didn’t really understand my explanation…are you alright?”
Shino nodded her head.
At this moment, a fluid flowed out from her eyes.
“Eh…that’s strange…”
Even though her mind was blank and couldn’t think, the tears that flowed down the face continued to land on the floor.
Shino kept quiet, and tears just streamed out from her eyes. She knew that if she started talking, she would start crying.
And Kirito didn’t do anything as well as he remained silent.
After a while, Shino noticed the police car siren that came from afar, but her tears didn’t have any intention of stopping. The large tears silently rolled down, and she realized—that the emptiness in her chest came from the heavy loss.

Chapter 16
At this point, the wide sky would make people think of the vast galaxy behind it.
This «wideness of the sky» was a feeling that a virtual reality would never be able to duplicate. The autumn season that passed seemed to be all forgotten, and the blue sky looks like herds of sheeps as they gathered high in the air together with the thick clouds. The fine cables had two sparrows standing there, and the military airplane that was flying in the air reflected the sunlight back.
Shino stared at this vast and endless scenery, and she looked like she wouldn't be irritated by it.
The wind now would be considered warm for mid-December, and the after school noise from students wouldn't reach the back of the school. Normally, the sky in the capital of Tokyo would be covered with a thin grey, but today, it looked like a town in the north. Shino sat beside the flowerbed with black soil and placed her bag on her knees. And then, she let her soul move through the unlimited space for about 10 minutes.
However, a moment later, several footsteps accompanied by laughter were heard as they got near to Shino and pulled her back from space to earth.
She turned her neck that was trying its best to look up, pulled her white shawl and waited for those intruders to walk near.
Endou and her two companions came in from the northwest area of the school building and the large incinerator. They smirked upon seeing Shino and showed cruel smiles.
Shino's left hand took up the bag and said,
“Since you took the initiative to invite me, don't be late.”
After hearing Shino say that, a lackey of Endou blinked her thick eyelids, kept her smile and shouted,
“Asada, you're really mischievous nowadays, aren't you!”
The other lackey said with a similar tone,
“Yeah~ isn't this too much to treat your friends like that?”
The 3 people, who were about 2m away from Shino, each thought that they could give threatening looks which they thought would be most effective. Shino stared hard at the predatory insect-like narrow eyes belonging to Endou who was standing in the center.
Both of them remained silent for a few seconds. Endou then smiled and lifted her chin.
“Oh well, we're friends anyway. Oh yeah, if we have troubles, you should help us. We're a little tight here...”
On hearing her say that, the other two started laughing.
“So just lend us 20,000 yen first.”
Endou said that in a tone like she was borrowing a rubber eraser.
Shino took off her NXT optical glasses that didn't even have a prescription on the lens, and put it in her skirt pocket. She gave the sternest of looks at Endou's trio, and said each word out clearly.
“I said it before. I don't have money to lend you.”
At this moment, Endou's eyes narrowed like cables. She gave a stubborn look from her face and said with a deeper voice,
“...Don't think you can continue to be so arrogant. Speaking of which, I really brought that thing with me from nii-san, so don't go crying, Asada.”
“...Whatever.”
Shino thought that these people wouldn't be so daring as to take out a gun near school, but Endou actually smirked and reached her hand into her school bag.
A black automatic pistol was whipped out from that bag which had lots of dolls hanging on it. This scene really gave a little sense of black comedy. Endou gingerly pulled out the large model gun and then pointed it at Shino with her right hand.
“I heard that this can blow a hole in a thick cardboard. Nii-san told me not to use it to shoot someone, but you won't listen to that right, Asada? You're used to it.”
Shino's eyes were naturally taken in by the black handgun.
Her heartbeat hastened. The ringing in her ears caused all other sounds to leave. She started breathing hard, and an icy feeling started to move up her fingertips.
However, Shino gritted her teeth and motivated all her mental strength to look away from the the gun's profile. Her eyes moved from Endou's right hand that was holding the gun, then started moving to the arm, and then to the shoulder, the dyed hair and finally Endou's face.
Endou's eyes were pulsating with her blood vessels showing due to over excitement, and the irises were turning to an ugly black. The owner of the handgun was just a pitiful worm who's drunk in violence.
The real terror wasn't the gun itself, but the person holding it.
Perhaps because Shino didn't give the expected response, Endou anxiously smirked and said these words.
“Cry, Asada. Kneel down and beg for forgiveness. Or else I'll really shoot.”
Then, she aimed the model gun at Shino's left shoulder before smiling. Her shoulders and arms jerked slightly, and Shino immediately knew that she was going to squeeze the trigger. However, the bullet didn’t fire.
“Damn it, what's going on!?”
Though she squeezed the trigger a few more times, she could only hear the sound of plastic rubbing against each other.
Shino took a deep breath, gained strength all over her body, threw the bag onto the floor and reached her arms out.
She used her left thumb to press down hard on Endou's right wrist, and got the gun while her grip weakened. She then slid the index finger into the trigger guard, and the handle easily landed in her hands. The gun felt like plastic, but it was heavy.
“A 1911 Government? Your brother really likes such traditional designs. Just doesn't fit my tastes, though.”
Shino said that and showed the left side of the gun at Endou.
“The Government has a hand safety and a grip safety, and you can't shoot it without opening these two safeties.”
Clak, clak. With these two sounds, both safeties were removed.
“Also, it's a single-action gun, so you have to lift the hammer right from the beginning.”
Shino flicked the hammer up with her thumb, and the trigger lifted up slightly with a little hard sound.
She turned her eyes from the stunned Endou and company and looked around, found a row of blue plastic bins about 6m away beside the incinerator, and there happened to be a can on it.
Shino then placed her left hand on the grip and got into a basic sidearms shooting stance. She lined her right eye with the sights, aimed it at the empty can, considered for a while, lifted the gun up a little, held her breath, and squeezed the trigger.
'PA'. With a soft sound, a little recoil was sent to Shino's hand. This Government did really show recoil, and the orange bullet flew out.
As Shino wasn't familiar with the trajectory of this gun, she thought that the first bullet would miss. However, the bullet luckily grazed the top of the empty can, which shocked Shino herself. The aluminum can let out a 'Klang', spun like a spinning top and finally fell and dropped from the bin.
Fuu, Shino sighed and placed the gun down. Endou's arrogance was already long gone as she could only stand there in shock. As Shino looked at her eyes, she timidly closed her mouth and took half a step back.
“No...no...”
After hearing her terrified sound, Shino relaxed her stern glance.
“...It's true that it's better not to use this to shoot others.”
She said that as she cocked the hammer back before closing the 2 safeties. As Shino handed over the gun, Endou's body jerked, but still reached out for the model gun timidly.
Shino grabbed her school bag and again tugged at her shawl. She said goodbye to the 3 people behind her and started walking forward. However, Endou and company didn't respond at all. The trio could only stand there blankly until Shino went around the corner and disappeared.
The moment she couldn't see Endou, Shino's legs immediately lost their strength as she nearly collapsed onto the floor. She finally managed to stand up by supporting herself on the school building.
A thunderclap rang inside Shino's ears, and the blood was flowing quickly through her temples. The reverse flow of acid made her throat hurt slightly. If anyone was to tell her to do what she did just now, she would say that she wouldn't be able to do that again.
Even so—this can be considered a first step.
Shino forced herself to move her weak legs and made herself move away. The icy weight of the model gun was still stuck on her hands and couldn't be shaken off, but after putting her hand under the dry cold wind, her touch finally began to recover. She took out her glasses with her numb fingers and put it on.
She crossed the corridor that linked the west staircase of the school compound and the sports hall, reached the side of the field after walking for a while, passed the sports clubs members who were running and cheering themselves on, through the little woods on the south of the track, and the main gate appeared in front of her.
Students were going back in groups, and just when Shino was about to pass through these people and head through the gate, she felt that something was amiss.
Some female students were standing on the school side of the wall, looking through the school gate, and exchanging words which she did not know.
Shino noticed that there were 2 girls from her class who she had a somewhat good relationship with, and she walked to them.
A girl with long hair and black framed spectacles noticed Shino, smiled and raised her hand.
“Asada-san, are you going home now?”
“Yeah—what are you people doing?”
As she asked that, another girl with chestnut-colored hair that were tied into two braids shrugged, smiled and answered,
“Listen to me. There's a guy at the school gate with a uniform that's not from a nearby school. He parked his bike there and even had two helmets. It seems like he is waiting for a student from our school. It's a little like gossip, but we want to know who was so daring to invite her boyfriend over to the gate to fetch her, right?”
The moment she heard this answer, Shino immediately realized that her face was all white. She checked her watch and was screaming in her heart 'no way'.
He did agree to meet her at the school gate at this time, and that person even said that 'don't waste your bus fare, I'll come over to fetch you'. However, he shouldn't be so aloof so as to park his vehicle in front of the school gate—
...No, that guy would definitely do that.
Shino timidly leaned her body on the fence and peered outside from the school gate. Immediately after that, she felt completely weak. That male student who was wearing a uniform she had never seen before was leaning on a bright little motorbike that had it's tripod down. He was holding two helmets and looking up at the sky in a dazed manner—undoubtedly, he was the boy she had got to know two days ago.
Thinking that she would have to say hello to him and take the back seat of the bike with dozens of people looking at her, Shino couldn't help but blush. She muttered inside her heart 'I really want to log out from here', and squeezed out her last ounce of courage before turning to face her classmates beside her.
“Eh...well...he...he's my friend...”
She said in a soft voice that almost couldn't be heard. The eyes of the bespectacled girl widened.
“Eh...Asada-san's?”
“Wha, what kind of friend?”
The other girl shouted out like this too. Noticing the stares that gathered over because of these sounds, Shino could only hug her bag and shrink back...
“So...sorry!”
Then, she started apologizing and ran away for some reason.
Shino had already went through the green bronze school gate and arrived at the back lane as she heard a voice from behind yell out to her.
“Explain everything clearly to me tomorrow!~”
Even though she arrived beside him, this daring visitor still looked dazed as he looked up at the blue sky.
“Well...”
After talking to him, he blinked and turned his eyes over before showing a lazy smile on his face.
“Ah, good afternoon, Sinon.”
Meeting under the bright sun like this again, it felt like Kirito in the real world had a transparency that seemed to have left the ground. His slightly long black hair made his skin look more bright, and the slender body that looked shockingly like a girl's looked similar to his avatar in the virtual world.
This weak feeling, or rather, this feeble presence made Shino remember that he once spent two years in captivity, and caused her to keep her scathing words.
“...Good afternoon...sorry to keep you waiting.”
“It's nothing. I just arrived too—speaking of which...why does it feel like...”
At this moment, Kirito finally noticed the students that were watching from near the school gate. He looked around and said,
“...Everyone's looking at us...”
“Pl...please...”
Shino's voice had some reluctance.
“Wouldn't other people notice if you park your bike at someone else's school gate!?”
“I...is that so? Then...”
The boy suddenly gave off a teasing smile. Shino had seen that smile a few times in the virtual world.
“If we continue to stay here, would the disciplinary teacher run over here to make a ruckus? That seems interesting.”
“Do...don't kid around!”
In fact, the teachers may really come over. Shino instinctively turned back to look at the school gate and then said softly,
“Hu, hurry up and go!”
“Okay okay...”
Kirito handed the light green helmet that was hanging onto the handle to Shino as he continued to smile.
This guy's inner world messes me up like a mischievous imp, just like how it was like in GGO. I can't be fooled by his appearance—Shino told herself deep inside her heart as she received the safety helmet. She tilted her bag sideways and put on the half helmet. She then stopped as she didn't know how she was to buckle it. At this moment...
“Excuse me a for bit.”
Kirito reached his arm over and quickly hooked her helmet up. Shino's face again felt hot as she hurriedly pulled the mask down. She was already starting to wonder how she was going to explain things to everyone the next day.
“...Sinon, well...is your skirt alright?”
“I have sports shorts underneath.”
“No, that's not the problem.”
“You can't see it from the front seat anyway.”
After taking a potshot of revenge, Shino quickly sat down on the back seat of the bike. As she would often take the back seat of her grandpa's Coyote Honda 90, she was used to it.
“Then...you better hold on tight.”
Kirito twisted the key, and the rare internal combustion engine let out a loud roar. Shino again shrank her neck back. However, the vibration that reached her waist and the smell of the exhaust gases were truly memorable as she couldn't help but smile. She then wrapped her arms around Kirito's slender body.

It would be a little troublesome for her to head from the Bunkyo area of Yushima to their destination, the central area of Ginza, if she had to take the subway. It would be easier to move around above ground.
They drove from Ochinomizu, to Chiyoda highway before reaching Koukyo. The bike moved slowly around the moat[5] for safety reasons, but luckily, the weather today was fine, and the wind that blew past her face felt rather comfortable. After moving through the major gate, they went through the Uchibori highway then Harumi Avenue, turned left, went through the JR bridge, and then arrived at Ginza Yonchome.
Even though the speed they drove at could be considered a huge difference from riding on the three-wheeler buggy and getting away from Death Gun, they still spent less than 15 minutes to reach the destination. Kirito immediately parked the bike.
Shino was holding the helmet in her hand as she was led by Kirito to a high-class cafe she had never been to before. The moment she pushed the door aside, the waiters in white shirts and black ties bowed deeply to them. Shino couldn't help but panic and looked somewhat embarrassed.
On hearing the waiter ask if it was for two, she felt whether it was like... and panicked even more. However, a voice without restraint was suddenly heard, breaking the entire high-class atmosphere.
“Oi~ Kirito-kun, over here!”
“Ah...we have an appointment with that guy.”
As Kirito said that, the waiter indicated that he understood without changing his expression, bowing as he walked forward. The shop was full of rich housewives who were going shopping, and their high school uniforms looked very obvious. Shino could only curl back and gingerly walk on the floor that was polished to an abnormal shine.
A tall and skinny man, who was wearing a high class deep blue western suit, a patterned tie and black-framed spectacles, got up from the table where both of them were headed. Shino heard that he was a civil servant, but besides giving off that white-collar presence, he did look like a scholar too.
As they sat at the table where the man indicated, warm towels and the leather menu appeared in front of them.
“Here, help yourselves.”
Shino flipped the menu open as if she was prompted by the guy's voice, and immediately couldn't say anything. Let alone sandwiches and pasta, even the desserts had 4 digit numbers behind them.
Just as Shino was so shocked that she didn't know what to do, beside her, Kirito snorted coldly and said,
“It's better not to be nice with him. We're spending money from our hardworking citizens.”
The girl glanced over and found that the bespectacled guy was smiling and nodding too.
“The, then...I'll order this rare cheese cake with cranberry sauce to go along...and also Earl Grey.”
Shino ordered these as her heart was going green 'Wow, 2200 yen[6]!'. Unexpectedly, Kirito, who was beside her, said—
“I want baked apple pudding, mont blanc and espresso.”
Those unbelievable things were said. Shino couldn't even imagine how much money that would cost.
The attendant bowed and walked away.The bespectacled man reached into his pocket and took out a black business card holder. He took a business card from the holder and then handed the business card to Shino.
“Hello. I'm Kikuoka from the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications Technology.”
He said his name with a steady voice. Shino hurriedly took the business card and bowed back.
“He, hello...I'm Asada...Shino.”
The moment she said that, this man called Kikuoka gave an ominous look and said,
“It's because of our carelessness that we caused Asada-san to be in such a dangerous situation. I'm really sorry.”
“No...no worries. You're too kind.”
As Shino hurriedly lowered her head again, Kirito interrupted from beside her.
“It's better for him to apologize. If Kikuoka-san was able to investigate more thoroughly, we wouldn't have to meet such danger.”
“...I'm really sweating now that you mention that.”
Kikuoka lowered his head like a kid being lectured, but then lifted his eyes and continued.
“But Kirito-kun, you never expected «Death Gun» to be a group of people, right?”
“That's true...”
After saying that, Kirito leaned on the chair which looked like an antique, which then let out a creaking sound.
“Anyway...tell us what you know up till now first, Kikuoka-san.”
“Of course...but it's only been 2 days since we knew of their crimes. It would take some time to explain everything...”
Kikuoka took the coffee cup that was right in front of him, took a sip, and then continued.
“While I said that there was a group, there were actually only 3 members. At least from what the leader Shinkawa Shoichi said, they had three people.”
“That guy called Shoichi was the mantle guy who attacked Sinon and me in BoB, right?”
Kikuoka gently nodded his head at Kirito's question.
“I guess that should be right. From the confiscated AmuSphere records we got from his house, we were able to check that he did log into Gun Gale Online at that time.”
“House...that guy called Shinkawa Shoichi, what kind of person was he? Was he the mastermind?”
“...To explain all that, we have to start from the SAO incident in year 2022. But before that...”
The waiter just so happened to arrive at this moment as he pushed the trolley with lots of plates of food on it. After waiting for the waiter to arrange these plates onto the table and leave, Kikuoka then gestured Shino not to hold back.
She didn't really have much appetite, but she should still be able to eat it. After saying 'itadakimasu' with Kirito, Shino took the gold fork.
She sliced a bit off the milky white block that was dyed in bright red sauce and placed it inside her mouth. Besides the heavy taste of thick cheese spreading in her mouth, the cake itself melted inside. Surprised, Shino immediately had the thought to ask for the recipe, but thinking about it, she knew that even if she asked the shop, they wouldn't reveal it.
Unknowingly, she ate about half of the cake before putting her fork down and picked up the red teacup. She took a sip of the warm liquid that had a little orange tang in it, and the tense feeling deep inside her was eased.
“It's really nice...”
Shino muttered. On hearing that, Kikuoka happily said,
“Normally, food should accompany happy topics. But it's alright. We can come over another time.”
“I, I see...”
Kirito continued to eat the golden brown mont blanc in front of him, and at this point, laughed and dampened Kikuoka's mood.
“I'll advise you not to. This guy's «topics of interest» are either dirty or disgusting.”
“That, that's too much. I'm rather confident in my travel experiences in southeast Asia...oh well, let's talk about this first.”
Kikuoka took out a tablet PC from his office bag, and then touched the screen with his long fingers.
Shino's body tensed up slightly as she got ready to hear what this person, who looked like a teacher, had to say.
Of course, she wanted to know all about this «Death Gun» incident. However, at the bottom of her heart, there was a slight voice muttering that she didn't want anything more to do with this.
Perhaps a certain part deep within her still trusted Shinkawa Kyouji. Even when that terrifying syringe was placed at her neck, Shino still couldn't hate Kyouji completely, and neither could she give up on all her feelings for him. That person wasn't the real him, something that hacked into his mind caused him to do this—Shino still believed in this saying.
It's been about 40 hours since what happened on Sunday night.
That night—as Shino was prompted by Kirito to go to the bathroom to wash her face and change clothes, the police arrived at her house.
Shinkawa Kyouji, whose head suffered heavy trauma and was vaguely conscious, was immediately arrested and then sent to the hospital by ambulance.
For safety reasons, Shino and Kirito were sent to another hospital and made to take a mandatory checkup. The doctor on duty told Shino that she didn't have anything other than a few bruises. Soon after, the police started their investigations in the hospital, and she tried to clear her mind that was still blurred by a layer of confusion, and told the police exactly what happened inside the room.
She herself didn't notice it, but the doctor diagnosed that her emotional stress level was at its limit, so the police's investigation stopped at about 2am in the morning. Shino then spent the night in the hospital room, and after waking up at 6am, she refused to accept the doctor's proposal to return to her apartment and instead went to school.
Just like that, she groggily went through Monday, which was yesterday. Even though Kyouji continued to skip school, he should still be registered to the school, so Shino thought that the school would know about it. In the end, nobody was talking about it at school.
As Shino ignored Endou and the rest completely and went back to her apartment, the police were already waiting for her at the door. After changing, Shino and the police went to that hospital yesterday, and Shino took a second diagnosis from the doctor. This time, Shino asked a lot of questions about Kyouji, but the police told her that Kyouji was alright, but he kept quiet while being interrogated.
Because of «security reasons», the police wanted Shino to remain in the hospital. After eating her dinner and bathing, she made a short call to her grandparents and mother at her old home before sleeping in the hospital room the hospital had prepared for her. The moment she laid on the bed, Shino immediately sank into a deep sleep, and her memory was cut off from there. It felt like she had a long dream, but she couldn't remember anything about it at all.
On Tuesday, which was this morning, the policemen again escorted her to her apartment. As she was dropped off, the police told her that her questioning would be over. Even though it was a good thing, how would she know about developments from now on...Shino thought as she got ready for school. Just when she was cutting a tomato for breakfast, her phone suddenly rang. It was from Kirito. The first thing he asked was whether Shino was free after school, and Shino instinctively answered yes.
Just like that, Shino sat beside Kirito and waited for his «associate»—the man who was a civil servant to speak.

Kikuoka turned to look up from the tablet PC and then lowered his volume, probably scared that other people may hear it.
“The General Hospital Director's elder son Shinkawa Shoichi was frail and sick when he was young, and often moved between his house and the hospital ever since he graduated from middle school. He even enrolled in high school a year late...thus, his father had already given up on letting Shoichi take over the family business and pushed this burden onto Kyouji, who was 3 years younger than him. The director then started getting at home tutors for Kyouji and would sometimes even teach him himself, and would leave Shoichi alone. Shoichi wasn't filled with expectations, but his younger brother was forced into despair because of the huge expectations...that's what their father said when he was questioned.”
Kikuoka paused at this moment and wet his lips with coffee.
Shino looked at the table surface and tried to imagine how the «parents' expectations» would be like. But no matter what, she just couldn't imagine that happening.
Even though both of them were so close, she had never noticed that Kyouji was under so much pressure. I just kept caring about my own stuff and never actually thought of interacting with others truthfully—as Shino realized this again, her chest felt a sharp pain.
Kikuoka continued,
“—But even in this situation, the brothers were rather close. Once Shoichi dropped out of high school, he turned to the internet as his heaven and started playing MMORPG, and this interest of his affected his brother. After that, the elder brother ended up being a captive of «Sword Art Online» and was in a coma in his father's hospital for 2 years. Once he survived and returned, Kyouji viewed him as some sort of idol...or even treated him like a hero.”
At this moment, Shino noticed that Kirito beside her sounded somewhat tense as he breathed. However, Kikuoka's deep and calm voice then continued.
“Once Shoichi survived, he did not mention about what happened in SAO for a while, but after he ended his recuperation and returned home, he started bragging about how he killed many players in that world, how many people were scared of him, this real killer...to Kyouji who wasn't doing well at school and threatened by the upperclassmen, what Shoichi said didn't irritate him, but even made him feel relieved and satisfied.”
“Well...”
Shino spoke softly. Kikuoka lifted his head and tilted his neck as if to prompt her to continue.
“These things...were said by Shinkawa-kun, no, Kyouji, right?”
“No, these were based on conclusions made from the older brother's testimony. Shoichi continued to talk during the police investigations, and even had guesses about his younger brother's heart. However, Kyouji was completely different from his brother and remained silent even till now.”
“I see...”
Shino really couldn't imagine what kind of plane Kyouji's soul was floating on. She even felt that if she logged into GGO, she could see Spiegel waiting there at the bar where they meet up...even though it's not possible.
“Ah, please continue...”
Kikuoka nodded his head after hearing Shino's words and then again glanced at the tablet PC.
“We have no idea what was the key factor that made the two brothers head down the «road of no return», so we can only guess...but Shoichi should have started playing Gun Gale Online on Kyouji's suggestion. Shoichi didn't have any phobia about the VR world that many survivors of SAO would have, but he wasn't that enthusiastic when he started playing. He noted that instead of practising his skills by fighting against monsters, he might as well wait on the streets to observe other players and imagine ways of killing them. However, ever since he got the «Invisible mantle» from the RMT system, everything changed.”
“RMT...”
Shino couldn't help but say it out. The mantle which Death Gun had, the «Metamaterial Optical Camouflage» ability, should be a really rare item that boss-like monsters would drop at a really low percentage. The price should be much more expensive than the Hecate II.
“Well...I guess that must be really expensive...”
After she said that, Kikuoka nodded his head, and then shook his head with a look of disbelief.
“It's said to be an estimated value of more than 300,000 yen. However, Shoichi would get 500,000 yen[7] in allowance from his father every month.”
“That means...that large sniper rifle and the Estoc that was made from the rare material were bought through money...good thing that SAO didn't have a trading area or an RMT...”
As Kirito muttered this, he didn't look like he was joking at all. Also, Kikuoka nodded his head seriously and continued.
“That's true—ever since Shoichi could make himself disappear with that mantle, he had been practising ways to obscure himself from others. At this moment, he merely felt that it was interesting to tail someone from behind...however, on a certain day, he found that the person he was tailing went into the presidential estate to operate a game terminal. Shoichi had an idea and took out his binoculars to try and look at the screen from behind a pillar. And then, he immediately found that person's real name and address and other personal particulars in the real world...”
“In other words...he didn't buy that invisible mantle to obtain information, but the opposite...he had that mantle first before doing such a thing...”
Kirito sighed and then leaned his back on the chair.
“...In the past, any MMO would have some sort of «Hiding» skill, and it's rare to see those who don't have it. But...I feel that the invisibility in VRMMO can be used to do a lot of bad things. At least it should be banned from being used on the streets...you need to feedback this to Zasker, Sinon.”
As the topic was suddenly shifted to her, Shino could only hurriedly answer.
“Y, you go submit it...but, that means that the mantle was the reason that gave birth to «Death Gun».”
The last part of those words were obviously said to Kikuoka. The bespectacled civil servant nodded his head and then turned his eyes to look at the tablet PC again. After seeing his kind smile, Shino suddenly had a strange feeling, but that didn't matter now, so Shino didn't say her next thought. Kikuoka continued talking as the sunset shone on the table surface.
“...I guess you can put it like that. Shoichi immediately memorized the personal information on instinct and wrote it down after he logged out. At this moment, he didn't really have some detailed plan to go about with this crime, but being able to get real information on players made him happy. After that, he would spend many hours in the presidential estate and wait for players to appear and write their real addresses down. Finally, he got a total of 16 real player names and addresses. Among them...Asada Shino-san, yours was included.”
“...”
Shino nodded. Since it started before September, that would be before the 2nd BoB tournament. There were about 500 players who registered. Even if only half of them inputed their real names and addresses so as to get the model gun, it wouldn't be impossible to steal 16 players' real life information.
Kikuoka continued to explain.
“On a certain day in October, the younger Kyouji indicated to Shoichi that he had a problem with his character development. At that time, he seemed to have said angrily that 'it was because of the fake information «Zekushiido» spread', and Shoichi remembered that he had Zekushiido's real name and address and told it to Kyouji.”
That's right. It was likely at that moment that the wall between Kyouji's imagination and the real world started to break apart.
“Shoichi indicated that it wasn't a plan one person came up with.”
Kikuoka's calm voice slid into Shino's ears.
“It's said that as the two of them were discussing about how to handle Zekushiido's personal information, the plan to create «Death Gun» started to take shape. However, Shoichi mentioned that they were just joking around in the beginning. Shooting in the game and killing a player in real life...this sounded easy, but there were a few difficulties in reality. After days of discussion, they slowly started to overcome one obstacle after another. And the biggest obstacle they faced was the master key that could break electronic locks and the way to inject drugs...”
“A General Hospital should have a legal master key to open a patient's house when there's an emergency. I guess their father's hospital...”
After hearing it from Kirito, Kikuoka looked like he was blowing a silent whistle as he curled his lips.
“As expected of Kirito. Actually, the government was promoting keyless sensor door locks to add control to personal residences that may not be easy to get broken in...but that's classified information. Anyway, the two of them worked hard to steal the unlock mechanism, the high pressure syringe and Succinylcholine from their father's hospital. According to Shoichi, carrying out this plan itself was like a game. He said that this was completely the same as gathering intel on targets in SAO, preparing their equipment and launching raids. It's said that he even told the police who was taking his statement 'aren't you the same?'. It seemed that he meant that the game was about going about and talking to NPCs everywhere, collecting information, catching the bountied criminal and handing him over to collect money, and that what the police was doing wasn't any different.”
“I think that you better not trust his words fully.”
The moment Kirito suddenly said these words, Kikuoka frowned and asked,
“Really?”
“Yeah. Maybe that Shoichi may have some part of him which really felt that way, but as «Red-Eyed XaXa», even though he kept telling people around him that this was just a game, he knew that players will really die and had such an addiction to killing. To him, whether it's the virtual world or the real world, only things that were beneficial to him were real. The sense of reality was wearing thin on him...this may be the dark side of VRMMOs.”
“I see. Then...how about your reality?”
Shino thought that Kirito would give a mischievous smile that he would normally give the moment he heard Kikuoka's question. However, he gave an abnormally serious look as he stared up at a certain spot in the air.
“...It's true that I left a part of myself in that world. Right now, my personal worth has decreased.”
“Don't you want it back?”
“Please don't ask that, will you? That's my personal privacy.”
This time, Kirito really gave a wry laugh, and then glanced at Shino.
“—As for that, what do you think, Sinon?”
“Err...”
Having being asked that all of a sudden, Shino couldn't help but feel somewhat troubled. She turned her thoughts into words, which she wasn't really familiar with, but she still finally tried to express her own thoughts.
“Well...Kirito, what you said just now was different from what you said before.”
“Eh...?”
“You once said that 'there wasn't any virtual world'. And said that wherever the person was in was reality. Even though there're many VRMMO games, a gamer won't be divided after going to every world, right? Right now, I'm...”
Shino stretched her right hand out and touched Kirito's left wrist with her fingertip.
“This world is the real world. Even if this is a virtual world that's created from AmuSphere, it's still a real world to me...that's how I think it should be.”
Kirito widened his eyes and stared at Shino for a while, which made Shino embarrassed. Then, he showed a smile that didn't have any mischief in it.
“...I see. You're right.”
After saying that, Kirito turned to look at Kikuoka and said,
“You better take down what Sinon just said. That may be the one truth in this entire incident.”
“—Don't kid around with me.”
Shino's right fist tapped Kirito's shoulder gently before turning forward. At this moment, Kikuoka was staring at Shino for some reason, and may have felt awkward as he moved his eyes to his empty cake plate.
“Yes, you're right. And Shoichi's condition—was completely different from Asada-san. It ended up as the place he wasn't at being his reality altogether...”
“That guy continued to repeat the words 'it's not over yet'. Maybe that guy still hasn't completely returned from Aincrad...the aim of this ‘created new world’ that Akihiko Kayaba created—maybe it can be realized once that floating city completely collapses...”
“Don't say such scary things. His death still has lots of mysteries behind it...but it has nothing to do with this. Let's summarize this...Shoichi had no psychological barrier at the planning stage when he wanted to get into the target's house and inject the drug. At that time, the first victim was «Zekushiido»...Shigemura Tamotsu, and the one who killed him was Shoichi. At around 11pm on the 9th of November, he used the unlocking mechanism to open the target's room and entered it. About 11:30pm, he used the high pressure syringe on Shigemura who wore the AmuSphere as he was taking part in the «MMO Stream» interview, and got injected in the lower jaw. The drug he used was called Suxamethonium Chloride, also known as Succinylcholine, a muscle relaxant, and the victim Shigemura's breathing and heartbeat stopped and died. In other words, the one who shot Zekushiido in GGO was the younger brother Kyouji...”
On hearing Kyouji's name, Shino's shoulders shuddered. On the night two days ago, as Kyouji was all over her, he did mention Zekushiido, and that vengeful voice rang in her ears.
Because of the false information Zekushiido spreaded around that caused a mistake in Kyouji’s stat allocation, he wasn't able to get the title of «the strongest»—even though «Yamikaze» was a super AGI-type who was really strong, which would have denied Kyouji's thoughts—but his hatred for Zekushiido was far stronger than the upperclassmen in the real world who tormented and bullied him.
No—I was wrong...at that time, to Kyouji, the real world was already...
“The second victim was Usujio Tarako, and Shoichi was the one who killed him in the real world. The method was almost completely the same. They chose 7 people as targets, and the common condition amongst these targets were that they all lived in Tokyo and have the old-model lock that wouldn't leave any records of being opened, or where there were spare keys near the door...”
“It would have taken quite some time to gather this much information.”
After hearing Kirito say that in amazement, Kikuoka's face tensed up and nodded his head.
“It should have taken a lot of time and effort. But—after taking the lives of two, it seemed that nobody believed the legend of «Death Gun».”
“Yeah...everyone just felt that it was just a stupid report—I was one of them.”
Shino muttered, and Kikuoka agreed with her view completely.
“Yeah. Kirito-kun and I considered all sorts of possibilities, but in the end, all we could conclude was that 'this was just a rumor'. However, our guess was already wrong...”
“If...if we could have noticed the truth a day earlier, we could have protected the lives of those two players who entered the finals...”
After hearing the anguished words from Kirito, Shino lowered her head and said to him,
“—But you saved me.”
“No, I didn't help at all. That was all about your own strength.”
Shino glanced at Kirito, and had the thought that she hadn't thanked him properly yet, but at this moment, Kikuoka said again,
“If it wasn't for you two's hard work, the 7 people on the namelist would have been killed by them before the situation got attention, so you two don't have to be so hard on yourselves.”
“It's not that...it's just that I'm very unhappy that the ratings of VRMMOs will become worse again.”
“These sprouts that were grown by «The Seed» aren't so weak that they'll wilt because of this. Right now, these countless sprouts are gathering to become a towering giant tree that can match the World Tree. Really, I don't know which guy did this!”
“...You know. You better continue talking.”
Kirito coughed dryly and prompted Kikuoka to continue.
“Yes...however, I guess you should know what happened next. Both of them found that the threat of Death Gun didn't spread much and felt really angry, and so decided to come up with an even scarier plot. The brothers decided to come up with a killer plot of 3 people in the 3rd tournament to decide the strongest, commonly called the Bullet of Bullets finals. And the players that became their targets were...«Pale Rider», «Garret» and «Sinon»...which is you, Asada-san.”
“...”
On hearing that, Shino nodded her head. Shino knew of the 4th casualty, Garret. He was a trendy guy who wielded an old fashioned Winchester rifle. Shino remembered the cowboy cap that could be considered his trademark and prayed for him silently deep inside. At that moment, she suddenly noticed something and said,
“Ah...speaking of which, this may just be a coincidence...”
“What is it?”
“The 7 targets may have a common point. Including me, everyone of them weren't of the AGI-type.”
“Oh...? What does that mean...?”
“Shinkawa-kun...no, Kyouji only added his AGI stat, so he was stuck in the game. I guess...he should have some complicated feelings towards other types...like those who stack up on STR.”
“Hmm...”
Kikuoka immediately couldn't say anything and could only look at the screen of the tablet PC.
“What you meant is that...his motive was always from the game...now the prosecutors will have some difficulties cross-checking him...but will it really become like this...”
Kikuoka seemed to be in disbelief as he continued to shake his head. At this moment, Kirito lamented,
“No...I feel that it's really possible. To MMO players, the character stats are absolute values. I know of some people who were in a joking mood as they nudged their friends hands while they were adjusting their stats, causing their friends to accidentally add an extra point, and then both of them would quarrel and start killing each other in the game over it for months...of course, these were all in games.”
Shino could also understand why such a thing happened. However, Kikuoka merely widened his eyes and then shook his head.
“Looks like the prosecutors, lawyers, judges and attorneys need to have some experience of diving into VRMMOs. No—it's about time we set some laws related to them...hmm, but that's not what we have to worry about. Err...where were we?”
He glanced at the tablet PC and then nodded his head.
“That's right, we talked about how they chose 3 people as targets. However—unlike the last two killings, there was a huge problem with the execution of the plan in the BoB finals. As «Death Gun» in the game and the person outside the game couldn't contact each other, it would be difficult for both parties to shoot at the same time. Finally, this problem was barely solved with the live telecast from outside the game, but...”
“It's still difficult to execute it, right? And there's movement.”
Kirito interrupted with a scowl on his face and continued,
“I missed this and thought that there were only 2 Death Guns...”
“I, I see. They seemed to have chosen a trio nearest to their house...like how Pale Rider lived in Omori, Ota, and Garret was living in Kawasaki, Musashi Kosugi, which weren't too far away. But the Bunkyo, Yushima area Asada-san lived in was rather far. Also, Kyouji, who always wanted to be Death Gun, was insistent on being the one killing in the real world. Shoichi had a bike, but Kyouji didn't have a license—so Shoichi invited a new partner into the plan. Yes...that person's name is called Kanemoto Atsushi, 19 years old now, an old acquaintance of Shoichi—or rather...”
Kikuoka glanced at Kirito.
“His guild partner during SAO. His character name was...«Johnny Black» Have you heard of...”
“Yes.”
Kirito looked down and nodded his head.
“He was XaXa's partner in «Laughing Coffin», a player who used a poison dagger. At that time, both of them attacked a few players and killed them...damn it...if I had known...I should have...”
Before he could say it, Shino quickly reached her right hand out to grab Kirito's left hand. At the same time, she looked into Kirito's eyes and slowly shook her head.
Kirito immediately knew what she meant.
Kirito immediately looked like a baby who was crying and smiling, showing that he knew, but that expression immediately disappeared and became that usual poker face. At this moment, Shino moved her fingers away from his icy hand and turned forward. Kikuoka, who had been staring at them from the opposite side, continued with his explanation.
“...There was no mention of whether this Johnny Black—also known as Kanemoto—was involved in this plan in Shoichi's testimony. To Shoichi, Kanemoto seemed to be a person who's really hard to understand at times...”
“Why don't you just ask that Kanemoto?”
Kirito's reply was as simple as ever, but Kikuoka shook his head.
“We haven't caught him yet.”
“Eh...”
“Shinkawa Kyouji was arrested in Asada-san's apartment, and 40 minutes later, his brother Shoichi was arrested in his own house. Then, the police followed Shoichi's testimony and arrived at the apartment in Ota where Kanemoto was at, but there was no one inside the room. That apartment is still under surveillance, but there's still no news that we caught Kanemoto yet.”
“...Can we confirm that he was the one who killed «Pale Rider» and «Garret» in the finals?”
“I guess it should be him. Shoichi did mention that he handed the same drug syringes to him and Kyouji. We didn't find those weapons, but we found hair that matched Kanemoto's DNA in the victims houses.”
“Syringes...”
Shino couldn't help but feel a chill after thinking of the name that made her remember about this term that would remind her of the drug name. Kyouji's voice 'this is the real Death Gun' when he placed the syringe at her neck continued to echo in her mind.
Kirito seemed to have the same thoughts as Shino as he looked and said,
“Were the drug’s use finished after killing the other two targets?”
But Kikuoka shook his head to deny this.
“No...a small syringe of Succinylcholine would be fatal enough, but for added security, Shoichi gave him three drug syringes, so he may still have one left. That was why the police insisted on protecting you people until morning from Monday on, especially Asada-san who may still be in danger.”
“...You're saying that Johnny Black may continue to hurt Sinon...?”
“No, that's just for added precaution. The police felt that it wasn't necessary too. As their Death Gun plot collapsed, there wouldn't be any benefit to attack Asada-san. Besides, Kanemoto and Asada-san had no reasons to harm each other or personal grudge. Right now, the automatic identification camera network in the center of Tokyo had started its trial, so I guess he won't be able to run away for long.”
“What's that...?”
“It's commonly called the S2 system. The computer will automatically analyze the faces of all the people the camera sees and then look for the fugitive...well, the details are classified.”
“That's really amazing.”
Kirito frowned as he took a sip of coffee.
“I have the same feeling too. Anyway, I think it's just a matter of time before Kanemoto's arrested. Let's get back to the incident and summarize this...”
Kikuoka's fingers moved on the tablet PC, and then shrugged, lifted his head and said,
“You should be more familiar with the rest than I do. Shinkawa Kyouji immediately came to Asada-san's house to attack after the tournament was over, but luckily, he was arrested without achieving his goal. Shinkawa Shoichi was then arrested next, and the remaining Kanamoto Atsushi is being wanted. The brothers are still being interrogated in the Fuji branch. Sorry for taking such a long time...but my report ends here. That's all the information I have now...do you have any questions?”
“Well...”
She felt that this may be a question that couldn't be answered, but Shino couldn't help but ask,
“Shinkawa-kun...Kyouji, what will happen to him from now on...?”
“Mu...”
Kikuoka pushed his spectacles up with his fingers and bemused.
“Shoichi's currently 19, and Kyouji's 16, so they will be tried under the juvenile laws....but this case is a huge one that involves 4 lives, so the juvenile court would probably send the case back to the prosecutor. Also, they probably need a psychiatric evaluation. Even though we have to wait for it to end...but looking at their actions, I think there should be a high chance that they would be sent into a juvenile jail. That's because those two have lost their sense of reality...”
“No...I don't think they lost their sense of reality yet.”
After hearing Shino mutter this, Kikuoka blinked and indicated with his eyes for her to continue on.
“I don't really understand the older brother...but Kyouji...to Kyouji, Gun Gale Online's the real world to him, which was why he decided—”
She raised her right hand, pointed her finger straight, and then placed it down again.
“To abandon everything in this world and head to that real world called GGO. Maybe people in this world...would feel that he was just running away, but...”
Shinkawa Kyouji was the one who wanted to take Shino's life away. The fear and despair he gave Shino was unmeasurable. But even so, Shino still couldn't begrudge him and felt reluctant. This painful feeling caused Shino to continue to say,
“But I guess this online gaming wouldn't just be a game of entertainment to us once our minds and time were spent to a certain level. Earning experience and money to become stronger is really a troublesome and difficult thing. Of course, it's nice to play with friends occasionally...but there's a lot of pressure to continue playing like they're working just to be the strongest, like what Kyouji did.”
“Stress...caused by playing games? But...wouldn't that be the complete opposite of its purpose...”
Kikuoka said in surprise, and Shino nodded at him and continued.
“Yes. Kyouji...reversed this world with that world.”
“But...why? Why was he so willing to sacrifice so much to get this so-called title of being the strongest...?”
“I'm not too sure about that...I just said it before, to me, this world and the game are all connected...Kirito, do you know why....?”
Shino looked right, and found that Kirito was leaning his back on the chair, closing his eyes and thinking. Soon, he opened his mouth and muttered.
“Because you wanted to be strong.”
Shino closed her lips, thought about this short sentence, and then nodded her head slowly.
“...That's right. I was the same the last time. Maybe every VRMMO player is the same...just trying to be stronger...”
Shino turned her body around and faced Kikuoka from the front.
“Then...when are visitors allowed to meet Kyouji?”
“Well...he'll probably be kept in custody after we cross-examine him. We have to wait until he's sent to a juvenile observation center.”
“I see—I'll go see him. Once I see him, I want to tell him what I was thinking before...and what I'm thinking now.”
No matter how late, no matter how much he didn't want to listen to her, Shino felt that she had to do this. This time, Kikuoka finally showed what looked like a whole-hearted smile.
“You're really a strong person. Yes, please do. I'll make arrangements to his management plan in the future and send an email to you.”
He then looked at the watch on his left wrist and said,
“Sorry—it's about time for me to leave. I can be said to lack leisure, but there're really lots of things to handle.”
“Sure. Sorry for troubling you.”
Shino also thanked him after Kirito.
“Well..thank you.”
“No need to be so kind. It was my negligence that caused both of you to be in danger, so this should be what I should do. I'll notify you if I get some new information.”
Kikuoka placed the tablet PC into the office bag beside him and stood up from the chair. Just when he was about to reach for the bill on the table—he suddenly stopped.
“Oh yes, Kirito-kun...”
“...What is it?”
“This is what you wanted me to get.”
He took a small piece of paper from the inside pocket of his western suit and handed it to Kirito.
“Death Gun...no, Red-eyed XaXa—Shinkawa Shoichi, once he heard that this was the question you raised, he answered it without hesitation. However, he asked us to send a message back to you. Of course, you don't have to care about him at all, and any messages from a suspect can't be revealed in an investigation, so the police appeared to have refused his request...so, do you want to hear it?”
Kirito's face looked like he just drank some really bitter coffee, but he still nodded his head in the end.
“Since you brought it here, I'll listen.”
“Then...muu...”
Kikuoka took out the second piece of paper, saw the contents, and read,
“...‘This isn't over. You don't have the power to end everything. You'll soon notice. It's showtime.’ just like that—”

“...Such a slippery guy.”
It's been about 10 minutes after Kikuoka smiled as he waved his hand and left.
As both of them left the cafe and headed for where the bike was parked, Kirito suddenly grumbled.
“...Who is that guy? He called himself an officer of Internal Affairs Ministry...but somehow...”
Shino thought that he was really an enigmatic person and said this to Kirito. However, Kirito merely shrugged his shoulders and answered,
“Well, I can be certain that he's under the VR world Management sector. At least for now.”
“Now?”
“Think about it. Things just happened less than 2 days ago. Don't you feel that he knew too much about what's going on inside the police force? The Japanese jurisdiction departments would never get involved in each other's department, so that shouldn't be common.”
“...What do you mean?”
“He originally said that he wasn't really in a single unit, like the police or something...it's not really possible, but he...”
“...?”
“I once met him here before and followed him when he went back.”
Shino gave a look of disbelief as she watched Kirito walk beside her. However, the boy just looked like nothing happened and continued.
“In the end, there were 3 large sedans waiting at a nearby underground car park, and the driver sure didn't look like someone you want to mess with when he has short hair and a black suit. I tried my best to follow them with my bike, but maybe I was discovered...Kikuoka was dropped off in front of Ichigaya station, and he disappeared while I was looking for a parking spot.”
“Ichigaya? Not Kasumigaseki?”
“Yeah. The Internal Affairs Ministry's in Kasumigaseki...but what's in Ichigaya should be...the Ministry of Defense.”
“Min...”
Shino immediately couldn't say anything and could only continue blinking.
“This means that...he's from the self defence force?”
“So I said it wasn't really possible. The police's relationship with the defence ministry should be worse than that of the internal affairs department.”
Kirito shrugged slightly. At this moment, Shino finally thought of something.
“Ah...speaking of which, Kikuoka-san was wearing...I guess, spectacles with very small degree or no degree, because the lens didn't really reflect much.”
“Is that so...I see.”
Shino looked at the boy who seemed to understand and then said,
“But...even if that person has some relationship with the defence ministry, why must he investigate VRMMOs? They shouldn't have any relationship with each other right?”
“Well...I heard that someone intended to use FullDive technology to train soldiers, even though that's the situation with the US Army.”
“Wha, what?”
This time, it was Shino who was shocked and stopped. Kirito then stopped and shook his right hand.
“Like for example...hm...can we talk about guns?”
“Y, yeah...it's alright if it's just listening.”
“Good. For example, if I give you a real sniper rifle, can you successfully finish the loading until the firing?”
“...”
Shino recalled how she shot the can with the Government model gun a few hours ago and nodded her head.
“I guess so...if it's just firing. But in the real world, I don't know how to lower the recoil, so I may not be able to hit the target.”
“But I don't even know how to load bullets. If we can train weapon and basic operations in the virtual world, we may be able to save a lot of ammunition and fuel.”
“Rea...really...”
Shino couldn't help but look at her right hand. The scale Kirito was talking about was way too big, and it was really hard to imagine such a situation.
“Of course, this is just a possibility. Just this year alone, we have no idea for how many purposes FullDive technology can be used for, so it won't be strange to see whatever new thing that happens in the future. Anyway—better be more careful about that guy.”
After saying that casually, Kirito walked over to the bike and took off the clamp on its back wheel. As he handed a helmet over to Shino, he said with a rare hesitating attitude to her,
“Well...”
“...? What is it?”
“...Sinon, do you have some time after this...?”
“I don’t really have anything to do. Maybe I won't want to log into GGO for a while.”
“I see—sorry, I have something I want to ask you to help out with...”
“What is it?”
“The image of that cave during the BoB finals were seen by...those SAO-era friends of mine. And they knew that I was that «Kirito»...well...if you can help me explain to my friends that we weren't flirting, I'll be really happy.”
“...Heh.”
Shino started feeling that it was interesting and gave a smile. Even though she felt very embarrassed about that, after hearing this boy who would do things at his own whims say that he's bothered about being suspected of having an affair with her, she had a 'now what are you going to do' thought.
“But even if they're your old friends, it's amazing that they could recognize you from your name.”
“Yeah...they recognized my sword skills.”
“I, I see—it's alright to help you out, but you owe me one. You're treating me to cake next time.”
After hearing her say that, Kirito gave a sheepish look and said,
“Are...are we going back to that earlier shop again...?”
“I won't do such a cruel thing.”
“That's great. Then...please follow me to Ochinomizu for a while. It won't take you much time.”
“What, isn't that just beside Yushima? That's on the way home.”
She received the helmet and put it on her head. After Kirito buckled it for her, Shino couldn't help but think 'I should have learnt how to put on a helmet in GGO to save myself trouble'.

After moving up Ginza highway to Showa highway and moving north for a while, they arrived at the redevelopment around the east side of Akihabara station. They went past the silver skyscrapers that looked like the streets of Gurokken and entered near Okachimachi. The surroundings had a heavy old town like atmosphere.
The motorbike turned around the alleys like an old bull dragging a cart, and they finally stopped at a small shop.
Shino got off her seat, took off her helmet and looked up. This black glowing wooden building gave a chilly feeling, and only the metal signboards that were formed by two dices on the door incidated to her that it was a cafe. Looking down, the words «Dicey Cafe» was carved in, which should be the shop's name. The sign hanging on the icy cold door was flipped to the «closed» side.
“...Over here?”
“Yeah.”
Kirito nodded and took out his bike keys before pushing the door without hesitation. The slow-tempo music of jazz accompanied a quick 'Clink' as the door was opened.
Shino entered the shop like she was attracted by the fragrance of coffee. Under the orange light, the wooden boards were glowing too. The entire space was small, but it had an unspeakable warmth. This made Shino's tense shoulders relax.
“Welcome...”
Upon entering the shop, a clear baritone came immediately. Looking around, Shino spotted a large man with chocolate-colored skin standing behind the bar. That face of an old war veteran looked intimidating, but that white shirt and little butterfly knot bow tie on the collar gave an amusing feeling to that.
There were already two customers who were in the shop. On the round chairs in front of the bar counter, there were two girls wearing school uniforms. Shino noticed that their uniforms were the same color as Kirito's.
“You're too slow!”
One of them, a girl with shoulder-length hair curling inwards jumped up from the round seat and exclaimed that to Kirito.
“Sorry, sorry, Chrysheight spoke too much.”
“I ate 2 apple pies while waiting for you. Kirito! It'll be your fault if I grow fat!”
“Why, why is it my fault now...?”
The other girl with slight brown straight hair, down to the middle of her back, merely laughed as she heard their conversation at the beginning, but soon after, she got off the bench and interrupted with a tone that seemed to show that she was rather used to this situation.
“Hurry up and introduce us, Kirito-kun.”
“Ah...you're right.”
After Kirito nudged her on the back, Shino arrived at the center of the shop. She tried her best to suppress the fear she would have when meeting someone for the first time and nodded at them.
“This is the 3rd winner of Gun Gale Online, Sinon, real name, Asada Shino.”
“Do, don't say that.”
Shino protested slightly after hearing this unexpected introduction from Kirito, but Kirito merely chuckled and continued. He pointed at the energetic girl he was quarreling with and said,
“This is the cheating blacksmith Lisbeth, real name is Shinozaki Rika.”
“You bastard...”
The girl called Rika immediately gave a bad look and attacked Kirito. He dodged and raised his left hand towards the other girl.
“And this is the berserk healer Asuna, real name Yuuki Asuna.”
“Tha, that's too much!”
Asuna protested, but her face was still smiling. She then stared at Shino with clear beautiful eyes and then nodded at her.
“And that...”
Kirito finally pointed his jaw at the shopkeeper inside the bar.
“That's Iron Wall Agil.”
“Oi oi, am I an Iron Wall now? My mom gave me a nice name, okay?”
What's shocking was that it seemed that even the shopkeeper here was a VRMMO player. The giant laughed and placed his right hand on his sturdy chest and said,
“Hello. I'm called Andrew Gilbert Mills. I hope we can get along.”
As what he said was all in fluent Japanese except for his name which was in English, Shino couldn't help but blink a few times and hurriedly lowered her head to greet him.
“Let's sit down and talk first.”
There were two 4-seater tables in the shop. Kirito walked towards one and pulled the chair out. After waiting for Shino, Asuna and Rika to sit down, he flicked a finger at the shopkeeper.
“Agil, I want ginger ale. What do you want, Sinon?”
“Ah...the same then.”
“The ginger ale here's really spicy.”
Kirito chuckled and said 'two glasses' towards the counter, and then cupped his hands on the table.
“Then, I'm going to explain to Lisbeth and Asuna what happened last weekend.”

Even though Kirito and Shino had already collated what happened during the BoB finals with what Kikuoka said, it took them more than 10 minutes to explain everything to others.
“So—as things aren’t revealed on the media yet, the real names and detailed information couldn’t be revealed, but that’s basically it.”
After concluding things, Kirito looked somewhat tired as he laid his tired body on the chair and finished the second cup of ginger ale.
“…You, for some reason...you really get into lots of trouble.”
Rika shook her head and sighed as she commented. However, Kirito looked down and shook his head.
“No…Well, I can’t really say this. This incident did involve me after all.”
“…Is that so—ahhh, I knew I should have been there. I have a whole lot of things I want to say to that Death Gun.”
“That guy’s not that only one who got his soul twisted by SAO. There’s likely lots of them.”
At this moment, Asuna smiled to chase away the current moody atmosphere.
“But I feel that a lot of souls were saved, like mine. Of course, I don’t mean that I agree with SAO…the guild leader’s actions…because of that a lot of people died…but even so, I won’t deny these two years I lived, and I won’t regret about them at all.”
“…Ahh, you’re right. During the last battle with Death Gun, if it wasn’t for Asuna holding my hand, I wouldn’t be able to use that move. I guess…it’s because of those two years in SAO…that your warmth reached me…”
Of course, Shino couldn’t understand what Kirito meant by that. The boy found that she seemed to be puzzled and smiled in an embarrassed manner before explaining.
“Didn’t I say that I dived in from the hospital in Ochinomizu during the night of the finals? I never told anyone about that place, and Asuna tortured and interrogated Kikuoka before he spilled it out.”
“Y, you don’t have to say it like that!”
After Asuna said that, she puffed her cheeks angrily. Then, Kirito gave a mischievous smile and said,
“And then, she dived in from this shop, but after knowing the location, came rushing over to that hospital I was at. At that moment…I was fighting with Death Gun, and she grabbed my hand tightly. And unbelievably…I did feel Asuna’s warmth at that moment. It’s thanks to her that I drew that FiveSeven handgun I had forgotten about.”
“…I see…”
Shino nodded her head silently. Though she was thinking whether the two of them were dating, she immediately threw that imagination aside. Luckily, Kirito didn’t notice this abnormal situation and slowly continued.
“But that wasn’t all. After the tournament ended, I logged out, and Asuna told me…that the log in name «Sterben» Death Gun used was actually German, and it should be read as that. It meant «Death». But this was a name that only doctors and nurses would use in Japan, and so…I remembered that you told me that you have a friend who’s a doctor’s kid, and you were about to call him to your house, so I had a bad feeling. Once I found out that it would be too late once the police arrived, I rode my bike to Yushima…but I didn’t really help out much…”
These words shook Shino in a certain silent way.
“…Sterben. Not Steven…”
She muttered, closed her eyes, thought and said,
“…Hospital’s term, it means death…why did he choose such a name…?”
“Maybe he wanted to rebel against his dad who was a doctor. Anyway—it’s not a reason we can easily think of.”
Kirito sighed. Sitting diagonally opposite him, right in front of Shino was Asuna, who said with an optimistic tone,
“It’s better not to think too much into the meaning of a VRMMO character name. Once you find out certain truths, you’ll lose even more.”
Beside her, Rika immediately chuckled and answered,
“Oh~, as expected of someone who used her real name as the character name, it’s really convincing!”
“Hey!”
Asuna immediately attacked with her right elbow, and Rika pretended to look in pain. Shino inadvertently smiled as she watched their interactions with each other, and at this moment, Asuna suddenly looked at her. The shiny tea-colored eyes were glowing with brightness, and Shino felt strength in that humbleness.
“Well…Asada-san…”
“Wha, what is it?”
“These words may not be suited for me to say this, but…I’m sorry, for letting you see such a terrifying thing.”
“No…don’t say that…”
Shino hurriedly shook her head and said each word out one by one.
“This incident may be caused by me. Because of my personality, play style…my past and other things. Anyway, during the tournament, I panicked…luckily, Kirito made me calm down. Well, what was telecasted was that he was comforting Sinon…”
And then, Kirito jumped up immediately and spilled out words in rapid fire.
“Tha, that’s right. I almost forgot about the most important thing. It was an emergency, we were being chased down by that killer in that situation. Don’t think too much into it!”
“…Alright then, we’ll trust you for now. But we don’t know what will happen in the future….”
Rika continued to mutter as she stared at Kirito, but still clapped and showed her lively smile.
“But I’m happy to know a female VRMMO player in the real world.”
“That’s right. I still have a lot of things I want to ask about GGO. Please be friends with me, Asada-san.”
Asuna gave a steady smile before stretching her right hand out on the table. After seeing that white and tender hand—
Shino couldn’t help but feel somewhat intimidated.
Friends. As the word entered her heart, she felt a burning sense of yearning, but also a sharp pain and anxiety.
Friends. Ever since that incident, she had yearned for them many times, but got betrayed just as many times, until she finally told her heart that she should not wish for such luxury.
I want to be friends with her. To hold the loving hands of this girl called Asuna, to embrace her warmth. I want to go out and play with her, to talk with her, to do what normal girls would do.
But in that situation, it would be a matter of time before she knew that Shino killed before, that her hands were stained with blood.
She was scared that Asuna would give her an irritated expression. To touch humans—such a simple act would likely be something that would be eternally denied to her.
She thought that she should just head back like that, that the mere words of ‘being friends with her’ would be enough to warm her heart for a while. As she got ready to apologize—
“Sinon…”
This little muttering made Shino waver because of her shrinking consciousness. Her body jerked, and she then looked at Kirito beside her.
As they exchanged looks, Kirito nodded his head slightly but firmly. His eyes were telling Shino that it was alright. Thus, Shino turned her eyes back to Asuna as if she was hypnotized.
The girl was still smiling, and her right hand was still shown in front for Shino.
Shino’s arm felt as heavy as a lead block. However, she was starting to fight against this shackle as she slowly, slowly lifted her arm. Compared to isolating herself because she didn’t want to doubt others or was scared of being betrayed, she would rather trust others and be hurt by them. That was the first time Shino had this thought ever since that incident.
It felt like Asuna’s hand was far away. As the distance was closed in, the density of the air increased, feeling like there was a wall to bounce Shino’s hand back.
However, her fingers finally touched the other party’s.
The next moment, Shino’s right hand was tightly cupped by Asuna’s hand.
That warmth really couldn’t be described with words. The warmth that was passed over started moving from the fingertips and up the arms, shoulders and the entire body before finally melting Shino’s frozen blood.
“Ah…”
Shino subconsciously exhaled. To think that it would be that warm. She had long forgotten about something—a human hand's touch can move the soul. At this moment, Shino felt that this was reality. She realized heavily that all the fear she used to have, how she continued to run away from this world, she was finally tied to this real reality now.
Just like that, a few seconds passed, no, numerous seconds…
At this moment, Shino noticed that the smiling Asuna showed some hesitation on her lips. As she instinctively tried to draw her hand back, Asuna held on with even more force. At this moment, Asuna seemed like she was choosing her words wisely as she slowly said to the bewildered Shino.
“…Well, Asada-san…Shino-san. There’s another reason why we invited you here today. This may not make you comfortable…and it may make you angry. But, we, we have to…tell you no matter what…”
“Reason…? Me, angry…?”
She was losing grasp of the situation. But at this moment, Kirito, who was sitting on the left, said with a nervous voice,
“Sinon, well, I have to apologize to you first.”
After that, the boy bowed his head down in apology. Then he used the pitch black eyes that were in the midst of that slightly long bangs and that girlish-avatar look to stare at Shino.
“…I told Asuna and Lisbeth what happened to you before. That’s because I needed their help.”
“Eh…?”
As Shino heard that Kirito told the truth to them, she couldn’t hear what happened next.
—They knew what happened at the post office? Asuna and Rika knew what the 11-year-old Shino did?
This time, Shino did use all her strength to try and pull her hand away from Asuna.
But she didn’t succeed. This delicate girl called Asuna was holding Shino’ right hand with an unknown strength. The girl’s eyes, expression and the warmth she was passing through to her seemed like she wanted to say something to Shino. But—what? What did she want to say? Was there anything to say to me even after knowing that my hands were dyed in blood?
“Shino…actually, I, Lisbeth and Kirito all took leave on Monday from school, and went to the …city.”
“——!!”
At this moment, shock wouldn’t be enough to describe Shino’s emotion. During these few seconds, she could not understand what Asuna meant.
The girl’s ample and glossy looking lips said a location. And that was the city where Shino stayed in until she graduated from middle school, the place where that incident happened, the place where she really wanted to forget and didn’t want to go back.
Why, why, why?
Shino could only feel this question spin in her head. Finally, she asked,
“Why…must you do such a thing…?”
She continued to shake her head and moved to stand up as she hurriedly tried to get away from here.
But just before Shino stood up, Kirito’s hand was pressing down on her left shoulder. At this moment, his nervous voice entered Shino’s ears.
“That’s because you never met the people you should have met, Sinon…and you didn’t hear the words you needed to hear. I thought that you would be hurt…but I, I just couldn’t sit by and let this go. So I used the database of the press to investigate that incident…I thought that it wouldn’t be clear to say it on the phone, so I went to the post office where that incident happened, and asked them to tell me how to contact that person.”
“People…I should meet…? Words I should hear…?”
Shino could only repeat the words blankly, and sitting beside her, Rika shot Kirito a look, got up and went deep into the shop. As the door with the plate PRIVATE was opened, a person appeared.
It was a woman in her thirties. She had shoulder-length hair with slight make-up on. She was also dressed in a rather mature manner. She was more like a housewife than an office lady.
And then, a set of footsteps proved that Shino’s impression was correct. A little girl who looked like she hadn’t entered primary school yet came running out. They looked really similar, and they’re most likely mother and daughter.
But even after seeing these two people, Shino merely felt puzzled. She did not know who this mother and daughter pair was. She had never met them in her hometown before, let alone Tokyo.
As the woman saw Shino standing there in a dazed manner, she looked sad yet happy for some reason, and then bowed deeply at Shino. The girl beside her bowed too.
After maintaining that for a while, Rika prompted them to move to the table in front of Shino. Asuna got up to let the lady sit in front of Shino, and the little girl sat beside her mother. At this moment, the shopkeeper who continued to remain silent walked out silently from the bar, served a cup of café au lait in front of the mother and milk in front of the girl before heading back.
Even at such a close distance, Shino still didn’t know who they were. Why did Kirito say that this woman should be someone ‘I should meet’? Was he mistaken or something…?
——No
No, it felt like…deep in a certain part of her memory, a spark was suddenly created. She didn’t know them, so why—
At this moment, the woman again bowed deeply at Shino and said her name with a slightly trembling voice.
“Nice to meet you. You should be Asada…Shino-san, right? My name is Oosawa Sachie. This girl is called Mizue, and she’s four years old.”
As expected, she had no impression of those two names at all. Speaking of which, Shino herself wouldn’t have any relation with a mother and daughter of this age, but her memory continued to hurt.
Shino couldn’t even greet them as she widened her eyes while sitting on the chair. The mother called Sachie took a deep breath and said with a clear voice,
“…I moved to Tokyo after giving birth to this child. In the past, I used to work in the …city, and the location where I worked was…”
The moment she heard the next few words, Shino understood everything.
“…The Post Office at Third Street.”
“Ah…”
Shino let out a soft voice from her mouth. That small and ordinary post office—was where that incident took place. Five years ago, Shino and her mother went there, and she had the incident that caused the biggest change in her life.
The criminal with the gun killed the man at the window, and then looked like he did not know whether to shoot the two female workers at the counter or Shino’s mother. However, Shino lost control of herself and rushed at the man, snatched the gun—and squeezed the trigger.
That’s right…this mother called Sachie was undoubtedly one of the female workers she met at the post office.
In other words…Kirito deliberately went with Asuna and Rika to that post office, got the address of the female worker who resigned and moved to Tokyo, and after establishing contact with her, invited her to come over to meet Shino today.
Shino could roughly get the gist of things, but there was still a greatest question within her.
Why? Why did Kirito do such a thing even if he had to take leave?
“…I’m sorry, I’m really sorry, Shino-san.”
Sachie, who was sitting in front of Shino, teared up as she said that.
Shino didn’t understand why she apologized at all and could only remain in her seat blankly. And the other party continued with a trembling voice.
“I’m really sorry. I…should have met you earlier…but I really wanted to forget about that incident…so I came to Tokyo while using the fact that my husband was posted out…I could have thought it through and understand that you felt really hurt…but I didn’t even thank you or even apologize to you…”
The tears in her eyes flowed out cascading down her face. That braided-hair girl beside her called Mizue seemed to be worried for her own mother as she looked up. Sachie silently patted the girl’s head.
“…During that incident. Th, this girl was still in my stomach. So Shino-san, you didn’t just save me back then…you saved this child too. Really…really, thank you very much, thank you very much…”
“…I saved…your lives?”
Shino merely repeated those words.
In that post office, Shino, who was only 11 years old, squeezed the trigger 3 times and took a person’s life. That was what Shino did, and what she always thought. However—this woman in front of her clearly said.
That she was saved by Shino.
“Sinon.”
Beside her, Kirito said with a trembling voice,
“Sinon, you had been blaming yourself all this while, punishing yourself. I can’t say that what you did is wrong, but—you also have the right to think of those you saved. In that case, you’ll find that you have the right, to forgive yourself. That’s what…I wanted to tell you…”
Then, Kirito seemed like he didn’t know what else to say anymore and could only bite his lower lip.
Looking away from the boy, Shino looked at Sachie again. She knew that she had to say something, but she just couldn’t say anything. She couldn’t even talk, or even think of anything for that matter…
To-on.
At this moment, a sound of light footsteps could be heard.
That 4-year-old girl called Mizue jumped off her chair and ran around the table to Shino in small steps. Sachie should be the one who tied her hair which looked so silky and smooth. Her round face was showing a cute pink, and her large eyes were showing the purest and most innocent glow in this world.
Mizue should be wearing a kindergarten uniform as she had a little bag on her back. She reached her hands into her bag and took out something.
It was a drawing paper that was folded into a rectangular shape. She opened the paper clumsily and passed it to Shino.
The picture that was drawn with crayons immediately entered Shino’s eyes. At the center of the picture was a woman’s face with long hair. That smiling face should belong to her mother—Sachie. And the braided girl on the right side should be herself. The bespectacled person on the left was her father.
At the top of the picture, there were the words «Shi-no-o-ne-e-san-he» (To Shino onee-san) that were written in hiragana, probably just learnt in school.
Mizue handed over the picture with both hands, and Shino received it with both hands as well. Mizue smiled and took a deep breath.
It seemed that the girl practiced it many times before as she said each word one by one with an innocent and tender voice.
“Shino onee-san, thank you for saving mama and Mizue.”
At this moment, Shino’s eyes were covered—with the colors of the rainbow, and then, it was all jumbled up.
After a while, she found herself crying. Before today, she did not know that such warmth, clarity and tears that could wash any stain away existed.
Shino continued to cry as her hands continued to hold that piece of large picture.
A small hand that was so tender felt somewhat timid right from the beginning, but then grabbed her right hand tightly.
And what was held was the black spot, where the firepowder remained on her right hand—
To accept all my past would likely take some time. Even so, I like this current world now.
My life will have many pains from today onwards, and the path in front of me will have lots of thorns.
But I believe that I can continue to walk on.
Because my right hand that’s being held and the tears on my face are so warm.
"?Asuna, have you heard of «Zekken»?"
Hearing Lisbeth's voice, Asuna stopped typing and looked up.
"A player's number? Are you starting a sports competition?" [1]
"No, no." Lisbeth shook her head and smiled. She drank a little from the steaming mug on the table and continued.
"It's kanji, not katakana. It's written with zetsu(?) from zettai(??) and ken(?) from sword, Absolute Sword."
"Absolute... Sword. Is that a new rare equipment or something?"
"No, no. It's a person's name. A nickname... or alias, so to speak. Nobody knows the character's real name. Anyway, Absolute Sword is very strong. We don't know who started using this name, but this person eventually ended up being known as Absolute Sword. Absolutely invincible sword, peerless sword... I guess that's what it means."
Very strong. It really piqued Asuna's interest when she heard this.
It goes without saying that she was really confident of her sword technique. As an Alfheim Online player, she chose to be an Undine which focuses on supporting with healing magic, but her previous hot-bloodedness would occasionally arise leading her to unsheathe her rapier and charge into enemy formations. Thus, she got a completely inelegant nickname like 'Berserk Healer'.
She actively participates in every month's tournament. Having been accustomed to ALO's three-dimensional battles, Asuna is on par with other strong players like the Salamander General Eugene and the Sylph Lord Sakuya. It's impossible for her to disregard a new strong player's appearance.
After saving her completed biology report, Asuna closed her virtual keyboard, picked up the mug next to her and filled it with hot tea with a tap of her finger. She sunk into the wooden chair which grew out of the floorboards and got into a position where she can listen seriously.
"And...? This Absolute Sword, what is this person like?"
"Let me think..."
The new Aincrad's 22nd floor was completely covered with snow.
It was early January in the outside world, but even though it was winter, the temperature in Tokyo hardly ever drops below zero due to global warming in the recent years.
However, whether or not it was to show the company's work ethic, Alfheim continued to be under severe cold. The temperature in the area north of the World Tree frequently drops down to 10, 20 degrees below zero. If you didn't prepare cold-resistant equipment or buffs, you wouldn't even want to fly. Currently, Aincrad floated above the Gnome's territory, in the far North of the world. The temperature in every floor was so cold that you could see ice crystals even during the day.
But even though it was so chilly that a brook would get frozen all the way to the bottom, the cold couldn't permeate into the house, which was guarded by thick wooden walls and a roaring fireplace.
8 months ago ? On May 2025, Alfheim Online had its largest update up until now ? ?Floating Castle Aincrad?.
ALO originally operated on a duplicated system of the death game «Sword Art Online». Therefore, the server had a complete copy of Aincrad, the stage where SAO was set. In the past, ALO was run by «RECTO Progress». However, when a new company bought both the software and hardware, not only did they not delete Aincrad and former SAO players' character data, but they also boldly proposed a way for it to exist alongside ALO.
Of course, they were also trying to fight against the decrease in playerbase due to RECTO Progress' human experiments by using an impactful upgrade. But that definitely wasn't the only reason. The creators of the new company were all veteran MMO players who'd been playing since the 2D age and couldn't bear the deletion of the intricately designed floating castle? That is what Asuna heard from Agil who had connections with someone from the company.
With Aincrad's resurrection, Asuna set a small goal in her heart and began to play the game as an Undine healer and rapier user. Her goal was obvious: To save enough Col, no, Yurudo, reach the 22nd floor before anyone else, and buy the small wooden house deep within the coniferous forest. A long time ago in another floating castle, for 2 short weeks in that exact place, she had formed a family and passed sweet, happy, peaceful days.
Last May's update opened the first 10 floors. September opened up the 11th to 20th floors. Then, on Christmas Eve? December 24th's night, the door leading to the 21st floor opened. Asuna, with Kirito, Klein, Agil, Lisbeth, Silica and Lyfa, formed a 7 member party, and rushed up to the next floor as soon as the call celebrating the opening ended.
The 22nd floor was a sparsely populated floor with nothing but forests, and there were plenty of residences in the village's main street, so there'd probably be no competitors aiming for the same house. Even so, they rushed like a gale through the 21st floor's wilderness and challenged the Boss found at the end of the dungeon along with the other parties. Klein later attested that Asuna, despite having spent half of her ability points on support, was even more imposing as she fought at the fore of the 50-man group than back when she was the sub-leader of the «Knights of Blood».
After kicking aside the 21st floor's boss she defeated herself, hurrying to the wooden house and clicking the OK button to confirm the transaction, Asuna couldn't help but weep with happiness. ?That night, after the party ended and all their friends left, while drinking a toast with Kirito and Yui, who had returned to her girl form, she cried again. This incident was kept secret from their friends.
Asuna herself wasn't really sure why she was so devoted to that place. Together with the boy who she seriously fell in love with for the first time, although it was in a virtual world, but having surpassed hardships, this was the place where they finally settled down and spent a brief moment of happiness. It sounded simple, but Asuna felt like it wasn't just that.
That house was perhaps, for Asuna who frequently couldn't find a place to return in the real world, a place where she could feel at «home». A small, warm place where a pair of birds could rest their wings, snuggle up and sleep. A place for her soul to return.
More importantly, after all the hard work, that wooden house had become a place where their companions could get together. They rarely ever had no guests. Asuna devoted herself entirely to the interior design of the small house, attracting everyone up from the surface. Not to mention companions from SAO, new friends from ALO frequently visited to eat Asuna's handmade dishes. ?Once, due to bad timing, they had a tension-filled meal where both the Sylph Lord Sakuya and the Salamander General Eugene were both present.
Today? That was January 6th, 2026, a few familiar faces had gathered around the table which «grew out of the house».
To Asuna's right sat the tamer Silica, who had triangular ears unique to Cait Siths. She was currently staring at her math homework on the holographic monitor and whimpering. Similarly, to her left, the Sylph magic swordswoman Lyfa was scowling at her English essay.
Opposite her, the Leprechaun smith Lisbeth sat with her legs crossed and was drinking raspberry liqueur while immersed in a novel sold in-game.
In the real world it was only 4pm, but time in Alfheim differs. Outside, the sky was almost completely black save for the light reflecting off the falling snow. It was obvious that it was freezing cold outside even if you couldn't hear the wind, but the fireplace inside the house crackled. In addition, a warm fragrance was coming from a large pot, where a steaming stew was seething.
Like her friends, Asuna had her hands on a virtual keyboard and viewed sites in the browser windows floating around her, successfully completing her report.
Even though her mother didn't approve of her doing things she could do in reality in the VR world, working here was more efficient in the long term. Her eyes and hands wouldn't tire and a number of informative sites which could not fit into her room's UXGA display floated in easily viewable places.
Asuna once told her mother that and let her try using a FullDive program dedicated to text editing, but she logged off in just a few minutes saying that she was dizzy and ignored it from then on.
Indeed there were people who got dizzy in the virtual world, but Asuna who «lived» in the virtual world for 2 years simply couldn't imagine how that felt. Her fingers moved swiftly without a single error and her essay gradually reached its conclusion?
At that time, something suddenly leaned on her right shoulder.
Asuna took a look and noticed Silica's black, short-haired head leaning on her shoulder, her triangular ears twitching as she slept with a happy expression on her face.
Asuna couldn't help but laugh, and lightly scratched Silica's ears with her left hand.
"Hey, Silica. It'd be a problem if you can't sleep tonight because you slept right now."
"Mm... Nya..."
"There's only 3 days left of Winter Break. You have to work hard on your assignments."
Finally she lightly pulled Silica's ear and she woke up, startled. She blinked a few times with a dazed expression, shook her head and looked at Asuna's face.
"U... uu... So tired."
Muttered Silica, opening her small white-toothed mouth and yawning. All the Cait Sith players Asuna knew got sleepy when they were in this house, making her wonder if it was a racial characteristic.
Asuna took a look at the holographic monitor in front of Silica and said.
"Isn't this page almost at its end? Why not work hard and finish it?"
"Fu... Fuah..."
"Isn't this room too warm? Should we lower the temperature a little?"
Hearing that, Lisbeth smiled and responded.
"No, that isn't it, I'm thinking it's because of that."
"That...?"
Asuna looked back, seeing Lyfa pointing at something on the East wall next to the fireplace.
"Ah... So that's it..."
Looking in that direction, Asuna nodded understandingly.
In front of the glowing red fireplace, there was a large rocking chair carved out of wood.
Deeply seated in the chair, a «Spriggan» with light black skin and short black hair was sound asleep. His previously unkempt hair now stayed down, but his sharp and slightly mischievous face was the same as before. Needless to say, it was Kirito.
On his stomach, a small, light blue feathered dragon was comfortably sleeping with its body curled up and its head buried inside its fluffy tail. That dragon, «Pina», was Silica's partner since back during SAO.
An even smaller pixie with an innocent face slept using Pina's soft feathers as a bed. The girl with long, straight, glossy, black hair and wearing a light pink dress was Kirito's «Navigation Pixie», as well as Asuna and Kirito's 'daughter', the AI «Yui», created in the old SAO server.
Stacked like a three layered cake, Kirito, Pina, and Yui happily slept on the rocking chair, emitting a sort of magical hypnotic effect. Even Asuna felt drowsy after just looking at it for a few seconds.
Kirito could actually sleep quite a lot. It's almost like he was reclaiming the time he lent back during SAO when he had forgone sleep to clear dungeons. In that house, as soon as Asuna's eyes left him, he sank into his favorite rocking chair and immediately fell asleep.
Moreover, Asuna didn't know of anything which was more hypnotic than Kirito's face as he was sleeping in the chair.
Back during SAO, whether it was in the wooden house or the second floor of Agil's shop, whenever Kirito rocked the chair, Asuna almost always sat in it and dozed off with him. That was saying, Asuna had personally experienced and can understand why Silica and Lyfa are tempted to sleep.
Mysteriously, Pina, whose actions should be based on simple algorithms, would fly off Silica's shoulder and curl up and sleep on Kirito whenever she came across Kirito sleeping.
This had cast doubt on whether the sleeping Kirito emitted some sort of «Drowsiness Parameter». In fact, Asuna, who was writing her essay at full speed just moments ago, had unknowingly started feeling sluggish...
"Hey Asuna-san, don't fall asleep yourself! Ah, Liz-san as well!"
Getting shaken by Silica, Asuna lifted her head.
At the same time, Lisbeth, who was on the other side of the table, shakily woke up, blinked and smiled with embarrassement. She swept up her metallic pink hair, unique to Leprechauns, and grudgingly explained.
"Why do I feel sleepy when I look at that... Could this be the illusionary magic Spriggans are good at?"
"Haha, how could that be. I'm going to brew some tea to drive away the sleepiness. Although I say that, I'm really just being lazy."
Asuna stood up and took out 4 cups from the cabinet behind her. Those were the magical mugs which could «pour out 99 different types of tea with a single tap» they got from a recent quest.
Placing the cups and a fruit pie on the table, the four of them, including Silica who was struggling to shake off her drowsiness, immediately took a drink of the warm, fragrant liquid.
"Speaking of which."
At that point, Lisbeth thought of something and said.
"?Asuna, have you heard about «Absolute Sword»?"

"There have been rumors since around the beginning of the year... It started around a week ago..."
Saying that, Lisbeth nodded at Asuna as though confirming something.
"Right, then Asuna obviously doesn't know. You've been in Kyoto since the end of the year."
"Really, don't make me think of things I hate here."
Seeing Asuna frown, Lisbeth laughed out loud.
"Alas, it isn't easy coming from a distinguished family."
"It really isn't easy. You have to sit and greet people in a kimono all day, and even if you want to ?Full Dive? at night, the place still isn't connected to wireless LAN up to this day. Even though I brought my AmuSphere, it went to waste."
She let out a long sigh and finished her tea.
Since the end of last year, Asuna was half forced to go with her family to the Yuuki head house, in other words her father's old home. She also had to express her thanks to her relatives who were worried during the two years she was 'in hospital', so she couldn't say she hated it.
When she was small, Asuna considered spending the beginning of the year with the main family as natural, and was happy that she could meet cousins around her age.
But, probably around the time she started attending junior high, Asuna gradually began to feel constrained by this custom.
The Yuuki main family had, without exaggeration, been managing banks as a family business in Kyoto since 200 years ago, tenaciously surviving reforms and wars, and the current generation had opened a branch in Kansai. Her father Yuuki Shouzou was able to develop «RECTO», a general electronics manufacturing company, in one generation thanks to the main family's financial assistance. Taking a look at the family pedigree, presidents and bureaucrats were everywhere.
As if it was natural, Asuna's cousins and brothers were also «top students» in «good schools». When all the children were seated side by side during the banquet, their parents talked about topics like how their children received praise in a certain competition or how high they ranked in a national exam. While appearing nice on the surface, they were just bickering without end in reality. Asuna gradually noticed a sense of malice in the environment surrounding her, it seemed to her like the purpose of organizing that function every year was to rank all the children.
In November 2022, during the winter of her third year of junior high, Asuna was trapped in SAO, until January 2025, when she was freed by Kirito. That's why this was her first new year's greeting in the last 4 years. In the Kyoto-styled mansion at the head house, Asuna wore a long-sleeved kimono and repeatedly greeted her many relatives starting with her grandparents. In the end, she felt like she had become a reception NPC.
Even so, meeting the cousins she hadn't seen for a long time should've been a happy event, even though they were joyful about Asuna's return as though it was a matter of their own, Asuna saw something she hated in their eyes.
Her cousins all pitied Asuna. They felt sympathetic, sad that Asuna prematurely dropped out of the competition that had been going on since they were born. It was not that she was thinking too much. Asuna could easily tell, having read people's expressions since she was young.
Of course, the current Asuna had a completely different personality from that time. In that world, there was a boy who inexplicably changed Asuna. Therefore her cousins', uncles' and aunts' pity only lightly swept against Asuna's heart. Above all, she was a «swordswoman», a person who fought using her own power. That belief always supported Asuna's heart, and didn't change even after that world disappeared.
But her cousins, who considered VRMMOs poisonous, could not understand that value. The same went for her mother who was always slightly unhappy when she was with the main family.
The obsession to go to a good university and find a good job didn't exist anymore. Asuna really liked her current school, and in another year she could slowly find what she wanted to do. Of course, forming a family with a boy slightly younger than her in the real world was her final goal.
?Asuna thought about that on one side, and continued to answer her relatives' various question with a smile on the other. The most unbearable thing was being alone in a room with a cousin two years older than her on the last night in Kyoto.
As a man who's sole duty is assisting the main family's bank, he talked vigorously about how he was professional, how he had already decided what position to take in the business and how outstanding he was going to be. In the beginning Asuna just put up a smile of admiration, but suspiciously everyone had gone and left the two of them alone, causing her to wonder whether the adults had any dubious intentions...
"Hey Asuna, are you listening?"
Getting kicked by Lisbeth under the table, Asuna returned to herself.
"Ah, sorry. I remembered something I hated."
"What is it? A meeting for marriage in Kyoto?"
"..."
"... Why did you freeze... Could it be..."
"No, no. It's nothing!"
Asuna rapidly shook her head, tapped the side of her now empty mug and gulped down the strange purple tea. She looked up and forcefully changed the subject.
"Very strong... Then is that person a PKer?"
"Um, Absolute Sword's a PVPer. Slightly to the North of the 24th floor's main street, isn't there a tourist attracting island with a large tree? Under that tree at 3pm every day, Absolute Sword fights any player who wishes for a challenge."
"Oh~ So is Absolute Sword the type who had participated in competitions?"
"No, it seems like a completely new face. However Absolute Sword's skill levels seem rather high, so it's possible that Absolute Sword transferred over from another game. In the beginning, a notice was put up on «MMO Tomorrow» recruiting challengers. Around 30 people went thinking that it was just an overconfident novice who'd immediately lose, but..."
"Instead they got defeated?"
"All of them, beautifully. Absolute Sword should be quite strong, it's said that not a single person was able to cut down more than 30% of Absolute Sword's health."
"It's slightly unbelievable."
Silica, who had been eating fruit pie until then, suddenly interrupted.
"It took me around half a year before I could really fight in mid-air. But even though that person only transferred over recently, they can fly so well!"
The so called «Transfer» was a character transferring system for VRMMOs like ALO using «The Seed» as a platform. It could preserve the player's «strength» in general, but all money and items are lost and certain skills would be redistributed.
"Has Silica also fought Absolute Sword before?"
In response to Asuna's question, Silica immediately widened her eyes and shook her head.
"How can that be? I was convinced that it's impossible for me just from spectating Absolute Sword's duel. Ah, but Liz-san and Lyfa-san still fought Absolute Sword. They're quite bold stepping up for a challenge."
"Shut up."
"Anything can be a good experience, you know."
Smiling as she listened to Lisbeth and Lyfa pout, Asuna was slightly shocked.
Lisbeth, who's race didn't tend to fight and prioritized forging was out of question, but there weren't many players who could defeat Lyfa, who could be considered the Sylph's top player, in an aerial fight. Moreover, Absolute Sword just transferred over, that type of thing was unheard of.
"That sounds like the real thing. Hmm, I'm slightly interested."
"Haha, I knew Asuna would say that. Even though there are lords and generals who rank high in the monthly competition like Sakuya and Eugene, it's hard for people in their position to participate in street fights."
"But if people see that Absolute Sword's so strong, won't there be no challengers? It's different from large competitions, isn't there a hefty experience penalty if you lose in a street fight?"
"Not at all. Everyone enthusiastically participated in this gamble."
Silica once again chimed in.
"Eh? Is a super powerful rare item being gambled?"
"It's not an item. Absolute Sword actually gambled an «Original Sword Skill». One which is a super strong, finishing move level."
Asuna can't help but want to copy Kirito's habit of shrugging and whistling, but she held back.
"So it's an OSS. What type? How many hits?"
"Let me think, it seems like it's usable by one-handed swords in general. It's a shocking 11-hit combo."
"Wow~!"
This time she really reflexively let out a cry.
The key system in the currently non-existent SAO is 'Sword Skills'.
There were 'skills' set for the innumerable weapons, there were many skills ranging from strong single-hit attacks to flurries of continuous attacks. The difference from normal attacks was that from the moment you assume the starting position, your body would automatically move at the system's highest speed until the skill was complete. The gorgeous light and sound effects accompanying hits let the user savor the joy of becoming a super warrior.
In Alfheim, in the large scale updates surrounding Aincrad's implementation, the new company made a bold decision to re-implement sword skills as they were.
That was, in the new ALO, there was a huge revolution starting from the very roots of the battle system. This obviously caused a mighty uproar from some players, but dissenters pretty much became slaves to the thrill as soon as they experienced sword skills once.
Before that, in ALO, gorgeous effects were monopolized by magic, which also had superior range and accuracy, so not many people chose to specialize in melee. That's why it could be said that the appearance of sword skills balanced things out. Even though it had been half a year since the upgrade, the new battle system with «Aerial mobility» + «Sword Skills» was still the topic of many discussions.
These sword skills borrowed from their predecessors weren't enough to satisfy the audacious organizers.
So they developed and included a new element, the «Original Sword Skill» system.
Like the name implied, that was a 'personal sword skill'. It was not an already existing sword skill which had all of its actions set from the start, those were sword skills which players could compile themselves.
When this feature was announced, in order to get a gorgeous finishing move of their own, a lot of players scrambled into the streets and wilderness and brandished various weapons. ?And they all tasted deep frustration.
Registering an OSS (Original Sword Skill) was extremely easy.
First you open the menu, move to the OSS panel, enter the sword skill recording mode and press Start. After that you just swung your weapon as you wanted and press Finish. That was it.
However, there's a harsh requirement for the system to approve of «the finishing move you thought up».
Single hit slashes and thrusts are almost all registered as preexisting sword skills. Therefore if you want to compile an OSS, it had to be a combo. However, as a series of actions, there couldn't be any flaws in the various aspects like the center of gravity and trajectory. In addition, the speed must be almost as fast as the completed sword skill.
That was saying, "You must execute a combo which should be impossible without system support, without the system's assistance." A harsh requirement which could be considered contradictory.
There was only one way to overcome that barrier, and that was repeatedly practicing innumerable times. Until your nerves completely remembered the series of actions.
Almost all the players couldn't stand that type of boring assignment and easily gave up their dream of having a 'personal finishing move'. However, a portion of the hard workers successfully managed to create and register their OSS, receiving an honor equivalent to that of the head of a sword style in the middle ages. Actually, some players started guilds named [00ryuu] and some even opened dojos in town.
What made that possible was the 'Sword Skill Inheritance' feature in the OSS system. The original creator of the OSS could pass on the 'Skill Manual' to other players.
Not to mention PvP, OSS also had a significant effect in PvE. That's why everyone wanted them. According to the trend, the skill's inheritance fetched a huge price. Skill manuals for «finishing moves» over 5 hits were currently the most expensive thing in ALO. It was general knowledge that the strongest OSS up till now was the 8-hit «Volcanic Blazer» compiled by the Salamander General Eugene, which hadn't been passed on to anyone as he wasn't short on money. Asuna herself managed to create a 5-hit one after several months of hard work, but that had already exhausted her strength, and she wasn't thinking of starting a new one.
Appearing in that situation was ?Absolute Sword?, the mysterious swordmaster with an exceptional 11-hit combo.

"Well, if that's the case then it's understandable that there'd be plenty of challengers. Has everyone personally witnessed that sword skill?"
The three of them immediately shook their heads in response to Asuna's question. Representing them, Lisbeth responded.
"Hmm, it seems like it was shown on the very first day of the street fights, but it hasn't been used in actual combat... Rather, nobody is able to force Absolute Sword to use that OSS."
"Even Lyfa can't?"
In response, Lyfa's shoulders dropped and she shook her head.
"Even though we were about even when both of our HP was around 60%... In the end I got defeated by a normal skill."
"Oh... ?Speaking of which, the important things still haven't been asked. Absolute Sword's race, weapon? What are they?"
"Oh, Absolute Sword's an Imp. The weapon used was a one-handed sword, but it's almost as thin as Asuna-san's rapier ?Overall, Absolute Sword's very fast. The normal attacks were almost as fast as sword skills... So fast that my eyes almost couldn't follow Absolute Sword's actions. That was the first time I encountered such a thing, I was really shocked."
"A speed type, eh? If even Lyfa can't follow Absolute Sword's movements, then I probably have no chance either... ?Ah."
At this point, Asuna remembered something important.
"Talking about speed, there's another player who feels like a cheater sleeping over there. What about Kirito-kun? It seems like he'd be interested in this sort of thing."
At this, Lisbeth, Silica and Lyfa glanced at each other and suddenly laughed out loud.
"?Wha, What is it?"
Looking at the shocked Asuna, Lyfa giggled and said something shocking.
"Hahaha. ?My brother has already fought Absolute Sword. Moreover, he also beautifully lost."
"How..."
Lost. That Kirito.
Asuna was frozen, agape for several seconds.
In Asuna's heart, Kirito as a swordsman was already synonymous with «absolutely strongest». In both SAO and ALO, from the people Asuna knew, the only person who defeated Kirito in a duel was the leader of the Knights of Blood, Heathcliff, and that was only due to the system's protection as a Game Master.
Even though she hadn't mentioned it to Lisbeth and the others, Asuna herself actually seriously fought Kirito once back in SAO.
This was before they understood each other, back when Asuna commanded the front lines as KoB's sub-leader.
While they were discussing the method to defeat the strong boss of a certain floor, there was an opposition between guilds led by KoB who prioritized speed and several solo players led by Kirito. Both sides couldn't find a compromise, so in the end they decided to let the representatives of both sides duel.
At that time, Asuna was already interested in Kirito, but she also wanted to purge that thought. At that time she believed that putting personal emotions before clearing the game should not be tolerated.
Asuna felt that the duel was a good chance to defeat the weakness in her heart. Defeat Kirito, efficiently defeat the boss and once again return to her cold self.
But Asuna didn't know about the strength hidden behind Kirito's unreliable-looking face.
That duel was really heated. As their swords crossed, all the unnecessary thoughts in Asuna's head were blown away, only the pleasure of fighting a good opponent filled her body. She felt as though she was directly fighting with her nerve impulses, something which she had never felt before. It lasted around 10 minutes, but Asuna didn't notice the length of the time.
Then Asuna lost. Kirito did an overly realistic feint ? the reason was understood later ? of «pulling a second sword from behind his back and attacking», Asuna reflexively blocked and was beautifully hit in the resulting opening.
In the end, after experiencing that fight, Asuna's feelings instead became something which she couldn't give up, and at the same time, a deep impression of Kirito's sword was left in Asuna's heart.
?The strongest swordsman. Up to this day, even after the «Black Swordsman» from SAO had disappeared, this belief hadn't wavered.
That's why Asuna was disquieted when she heard Kirito lost to 'Absolute Sword'.
Asuna shifted her gaze from Lyfa to Lisbeth and shakingly asked.
"Kirito-kun, he... Are you serious?"
"Well~ Yes..."
Lisbeth frowned and shrugged.
"Even if you ask me, for that level of fighting, someone like me can't determine whether they're serious... But Kirito wasn't dual-wielding, so in that aspect he wasn't going all out. Moreover, that..."
Lisbeth paused, her eyes reflecting the light from the fireplace, and took a look at the sleeping Kirito. His mouth displaying a constant smile.
"This is what I think. Probably, in a normal game, Kirito won't fight seriously anymore. On the other hand, Kirito only fights seriously when the game isn't a game anymore, when the virtual world becomes real... That's why it's better if situations which force him to fight seriously don't appear. From the beginning, he was the type to easily get wrapped up in troublesome things."
"..."
Asuna also looked at the black-haired swordsman's sleeping face for a while, and nodded at Lisbeth.
"Ah... That's true."
On either side, Lyfa and Silica slowly nodded with various emotions.
The one who broke the temporary silence was Kirito's sister in the real world, Lyfa.
"?However, this is just my impression... But I think my brother was serious. At least, I feel like he didn't go easy. Moreover..."
"... What?"
"Even though I'm not sure, but shortly before the duel was concluded, when their blades were locked together, my brother seemed to have said something to Absolute Sword... Immediately after that, the distance between the two widened and my brother wasn't able to avoid Absolute Sword's charge and lost..."
"Hmm... So what did he say?"
"Thing is, even if I ask him he won't tell me. However, it feels like... there's something."
"Really? Then it probably wouldn't work even if I asked him."
Asuna looked down at her hand and muttered.
"...All that's left is to directly ask Absolute Sword, then."
Hearing this, Lisbeth raised her eyebrows.
"So you really want to fight?"
"Even though I don't feel like I'd win. I have a feeling this person called Absolute Sword came to ALO for a certain purpose. I'm talking about something other than street fights."
"Ah, I also think so. However, to know that, you must be on the same level as Kirito. What about your character? Which are you going with?"
Asuna thought a little about Lisbeth's question. Other than the Undine rapier user «Asuna» which was transferred over from SAO, she also made a new account and trained a new character from scratch: the Sylph «Erika». The reason she created a new character was extremely simple: Sometimes she wanted to change her appearance too.
Erika specialized in melee and had most of its ability points devoted to dagger skills, so it was more suited for duels than Asuna which was half healer. However, Asuna shrugged and immediately replied.
"I'll go with this one, which I'm more used to. Since the opponent is a speed type, victory would probably be decided in an instant rather than by DPS. Is everyone coming?"
Looking around, Lisbeth, Silica and Lyfa nodded at the same time. Silica happily waved her tail and said.
"Of course! There's no way I'd skip this match."
"I don't really know whether or not it can be called a match... Well, then it's decided. Absolute Sword appears on the island on the 24th floor around 3pm, right? Then let's meet here at 2:30."
Clapping her hands, Asuna called out the menu and looked at the time in reality.
"Not good, it's already 6, I'm almost late for dinner."
"Then let's part here for today."
Lyfa saved the window in front of her and quickly packed up. After saying goodbye to the 3 people, the Sylph swordswoman quietly approached the rocking chair, held the back of the chair and suddenly shook it wildly.
"Brother, wake up! It's time to go!"
Smiling at this scene, Asuna suddenly remembered something and faced Lisbeth.
"Hey, Liz."
"What is it?"
"Just now, you mentioned that Absolute Sword transferred over... Since Absolute Sword's so strong, is it possible that... it's someone from SAO?"
In response to the whispered question, Lisbeth nodded with a serious expression on her face.
"I suspected that. But when I asked Kirito what he thought after his fight with Absolute Sword..."
"What did Kirito-kun say...?"
"He said that there was no way Absolute Sword was originally a SAO player. His reason being..."
"..."
"He said that if Absolute Sword existed in that world, «Dual Blades» would've been given to that person instead."

Chapter 2
Beep, beep.
The AmuSphere shut down with that short electronic sound.
Asuna slowly opened her eyes. Even before her eyes focused on the ceiling of the dark room, Asuna felt the cold, humid air sticking to her skin.
Although she set the air conditioner to weak heating mode, it seems like she forgot to disable the timer and it ended up turning off during FullDive. The temperature in her 10 tatami room is almost the same as the temperature outside. Noticing a small sound, she turned towards the large window and noticed numerous water droplets on the black glass.
Asuna shivered as she slowly got out of bed. She stretched her finger toward the controls on the buried control panel and tapped the touch sensor. With just that motion, followed by a short motor sound, the curtains closed, hot air blew out of the air conditioner and the LED lights on the ceiling released a pale orange light.
The packaging interior technology developed by RECTO had been installed in Asuna's room. The room was renovated while she was in hospital, but for some reason Asuna couldn't like this convenient system. Everything in the room being controlled with a window was a matter of course in the virtual world, but for some reason it feels a little cold when it appears in the real world. It felt like she was always in the inorganic line of sight of the sensors installed across the walls and floors.
Perhaps the reason she felt like that was because she visited Kirito so many times, that is to say Kirigaya Kazuto's home. The warmth of the traditional Japanese house contrasted her own's coldness. The house of her grandparents on her mother's side felt the same way. When she went there to play during the summer, she always sat on the sunny porch and swung her legs while eating the shaved ice her grandmother made. However, her grandparents on her mother's side had passed away a long time ago and that house had also been torn down quite a while ago?
Sighing softly, Asuna put on her slippers and stood up. She suddenly felt slightly dizzy, so she looked down for a while, strongly aware of the heavy weight pulling at her body in reality.
Of course, a sense of weight is also simulated inside the fantasy world. However, in that world, Asuna's body and soul could soar in the sky with just a light stomp on the floor. The real world's weight was not simply physical, it also contained too many aspects which could not be gotten rid of no matter how much you tried. Although she wanted to lie down on her bed, dinnertime wasn't far off. If she was even a minute late, her mother would have another thing to complain about.
As she trudged towards the closet, the door slid open without waiting for her to move her hand. Taking off her comfortable sweater, she reluctantly threw it towards her bed. She changed into a dark, unblemished, cherry-colored skirt and sat down at the adjacent dressing table. The three-sided mirror opened and the lights above automatically turned on as well.
Even at home, Asuna's mother wouldn't let her dress slovenly. Asuna picked up a comb and quickly tidied her hair which got disheveled while in FullDive.
Asuna suddenly remembered a scene she saw at the Kirigaya house in Kawagoe.
Lyfa/Suguha said that she and Kirito were responsible for preparing dinner that day. A blurry-eyed Kazuto was forcefully dragged downstairs by Suguha. The two of them stood side by side in the kitchen, Suguha cutting the vegetables while Kirito roasted the fish. Their mother returned at that time, and enjoyed a beer while watching TV. They lively chatted while the dishes were being prepared and when dinner was ready, the three of them said "Let's eat" together.
Shakingly letting out a long sigh, Asuna held back her tears, put down her comb and stood up.
The lights behind her extinguished without waiting for her to close the door as she walked out of her room towards the dark corridor.

The maid Sada Akiyo just opened the front door as Asuna walked down the semicircular stairs and reached the first floor. She had prepared dinner and was about to head home.
Asuna faced the short 40-year-old woman and greeted her.
"You've worked hard, Sada-san. I'm very thankful for your work everyday. I'm sorry I've waited until now to say this."
At this, Akiyo shook her head with eyes widened as though there's no such thing and immediately greeted her back.
"It, it's nothing, miss. This is work."
Over the past year, Asuna already understood that it was useless however she said it. So she just approached her and quietly asked.
"Have mother and brother returned yet?"
"It seems like Kouichirou-sama won't return till later. Mistress is already in the dining room."
"... Is that so, thanks. I'm sorry for bothering you."
Asuna nodded at her, and Akiyo bowed once again before reopening the door and hurrying home.
Asuna recalled that she has two children in junior high and primary school. Even though she also lives in Setagaya, it'd be 7:30 by the time she got home after buying groceries. It was a tough time for children with good appetite. Asuna once told her mother to let her just leave the completed dinner here, but her mother just ignored her.
Hearing the metallic noise of the three doors locking, Asuna turned around and crossed the entrance hall to reach the dining room.
As soon as she pushed open the thick oak door, a quiet yet strict voice reached Asuna's eardrums.
"You're late."
Looking at the clock on the wall, it was exactly 6:30. Just as Asuna was about to say this, her voice came once again.
"Please arrive at the dining table five minutes earlier."
"... Sorry."
Muttering quietly, Asuna stepped on the carpet, approached the table and sat down on a high back chair with eyes downcast.
In the center of the 20 tatami dining room was a long table surrounded by eight chairs. The second chair from the northeast corner is Asuna's seat. Her brother Kouichirou sat to her left and her father Shouzou sat at the east end, but these two seats were currently empty.
Asuna's mother Yuuki Kyouko sat diagonally to her left, reading a book on economics with her favorite sherry in one hand.
She's fairly tall for a woman. Even though she's thin, her solid frame removes any sense of slimness. Her hair which was dyed a rich, brown color parted to the sides, neatly cut along her jaw.
Even though her face is handsome, her high nose and jawline, as well as the deep wrinkles near her mouth, created a severely cold impression. Perhaps that was the impression she wanted to create. With her sharp tongue and acrimonious political stance, she defeated all her competitors in the school and became a professor at the age of 49 last year.
As Asuna sat down, Kyouko closed the hard-covered book, placed her napkin on her knees and picked up her knife and fork before finally looking at Asuna.
Asuna looked down, muttered "Let's eat", and picked up a spoon.
For a while, the only sound in the dining room was the clanking of silverware.
The menu was vegetable salad with blue cheese, scafata di fave, fried fish with herb sauce, whole wheat bread... things like that. Every day's food was determined by Kyouko's nutrition calculations, but of course she didn't cook it herself.
While eating, Asuna wondered since when did meals with just the two of them became so tension-filled.
No, perhaps it had been like that since a long time ago. She remembered being severely reprimanded when she spilled her soup or didn't eat her vegetables. It was just that in the past, Asuna didn't know that meals could also be lively.
As she mechanically ate, her thoughts wandered off to her house in the other world. Kyouko's voice suddenly pulled her back to reality.
"... Were you using that machine again?"
Asuna glanced at her mother, and nodded.
"... Yes. Since everyone agreed to meet up and work on our assignments together."
"Things like assignments, you won't learn anything if you don't work on it yourself."
Kyouko wouldn't understand even if she told her she worked on it on her own. Asuna lowered her head and changed the topic.
"Everyone lives really far apart. Over there, we can meet at any time."
"Using that type of machine isn't considered meeting. From the very beginning, assignments are things meant to be done on your own. You're just playing around if you're doing it with friends."
Tipping her glass of sherry, Kyoko spoke faster.
"Listen well, you don't have any time to play. Since you're already two years slower than the other children, you naturally need to work hard enough to make up for those years."
"... I've been studying well. Isn't the second semester's report card already printed and placed on your desk?"
"I've looked at it, but evaluations from that kind of school can't even be considered."
"That kind... of school?"
"Listen well, Asuna. In the third semester, you will also be tutored outside of school. Not the recently popular type which is done over the internet, they would come over to this house."
"Wait... Wait a moment, why are you suddenly..."
"Look at this."
Kyouko stopped Asuna's protest without leaving any room for explanation and picked up a Tablet PC from the table. Asuna frowned as she glanced at the screen of the Tablet PC which her mother passed her.
"... What is this... An outline for a... test for transfer students?"
"It's a test for transferring into the third year of a high school directed by one of your mother's friend, it's a chance I only managed to get by persuading her in every way possible. This is not like that patched together school, it's a proper school. It's credit-based there, so you only need to go there for half a year to fulfill the requirements for graduating. That way, you can start attending university in September."
Asuna looked at Kyouko dumb-founded, placed the Tablet PC on the table and lifted her left hand to cut off her mother who was getting more and more passionate.
"Wait, wait a moment. I'm really bothered that you decided this on your own. I really like this school. There are plenty of good teachers there, I can learn properly even if I stay. There's no need to transfer."
At those words, Kyouko exaggeratedly sighed, closed her eyes, tilted her gold-rimmed glasses and sat up straight. This action was unique to Kyouko, and was a speaking technique often used to let her opponent know her superiority. Even men cowered when she did this action on the teacher room's sofa. Even her husband Shouzou tries his best to avoid opposing Kyouko's views while at home.
"... Mother has researched properly."
Kyouko spoke with a didactic tone.
"The place you're going to can't even be called a school. The curriculum is sloppy and the lessons' standard are also low. The teachers are patched together, hardly any of them have a proper history. Rather than an academic facility, that place is more of an asylum."
"That... That kind of statement..."
"They make it sound nice and call it a facility for educating students delayed by the incident, but in reality, that school is just a place for them to monitor all the children who might cause problems in the future. This type of facility is necessary for those children who've been killing each other in that bizarre world, but you don't need to go as well."
"..."
Asuna couldn't even respond to this overly one sided speech.
The school she had been attending since the beginning of last spring was in Nishitokyo, and it really was urgently built within two months of the project's announcement. Its purpose was to help the children whose education was delayed by 2 years as a result of being trapped in the death game «Sword Art Online». All SAO players under the age of 18 had free admission, and if you graduate you could apply for university entrance exams. That extremely good treatment received criticism for a while.
However, Asuna herself understood while attending the school that it wasn't simply a safety net. All the students were obligated to participate in a consultation once a week, which involved answering questions that were blatant tests for anti-social behaviour. According to your answers, you might be sent to a hospital for diagnosis or even put on medication. So Kyouko calling it an «Asylum» wasn't completely baseless.
Even so, Asuna loved that school. No matter what the government and ministry of education were thinking, the teachers were all people who volunteered and candidly faced their students. There was no need for students to intentionally hide their past, and more importantly, she could be together with close friends. With Lisbeth, Silica, some of her companions from the front lines, and also ? Kirito.
Asuna clenched her fork and bit her lip, and fought against the impulse in her heart to tell her mother everything from beginning to end.
She fought with the impulse to tell her: "I'm one of those people «who've been killing each other» that her mother mentioned. I'd been living by killing with my sword everyday, and I do not feel a shred of remorse for those days."
Kyouko continued to speak, unaware of the struggle in Asuna's heart.
"Even if you attend that kind of place, you couldn't get into university properly. Think about it, you're already eighteen years old. However, where you are now, you don't know when you'd be able to go to university. You have to go to the examination centre for an examination next week. Are you not worried at all?"
"Things like going to university... There aren't any major problems even if you go a few years later. Besides, going to university isn't the only path in life..."
"No."
Kyouko coldly rejected Asuna's words.
"You have the ability. You know how much trouble your mother has gone through in order to draw out that ability. Yet you wasted two years in that strange game... Mother wouldn't say this if you were a normal child. However, you're not like that. Not making full use of your talent and letting it rot is a sin. You have the qualifications and ability needed to go to an excellent university and receive a top-class education. So you should do so. You can stay at university and continue learning or make use of your ability in the government or an enterprise, your mother wouldn't interfere to that extent. However, I will not allow you to give up the chance to receive higher education."
"I do not have things like innate talent."
Asuna finally managed to get a word in during Kyouko's long speech.
"A person's way of living should be decided by herself, right? In the past, I also thought that going to a good university and finding a good job was everything in life. However, I've changed. Even though I can't answer you right now, I'm sure I can find something I want to do. I want to stay at my current school for another year and find out what that is."
"That's just limiting your own choices. No matter how many years you stay at that kind of place, you wouldn't have any roads to take. Things are different if you change schools though. The university above is also a famous one, so if you get good results there, you can transfer over to mother's university. Listen well, Asuna. Mother doesn't want you to walk down a miserable path. I want you to have a career which you can proudly show to anyone."
"My career... Then, what was with that person introduced to me in January? ... Even though I don't know what he was told, that person talked as though he was already my fiance. Isn't mother the one who's limiting my lifestyle?"
Asuna couldn't muffle the quiver in her voice. Even though she put all her strength into her stare, Kyouko just unmovingly drank from her glass.
"Marriage is also a part of your career. If you do not marry someone who isn't materially free, you'll regret it in a few years. The things you said you want to do will also become impossible. In that aspect, Yuuya is perfect. These days, a local bank run by our family is much more reassuring than large banks with constant struggles between factions. Also, mother really likes Yuuya. Isn't he a really straightforward boy?"
"... It seems like you didn't reflect on it at all. The one who started the incident which caused me and many other people pain and placed RECTO in financial crisis, was Sugou Nobuyuki who was chosen by mother."
"Shut up."
Kyouko's countenance changed, and she waved her left hand as though to drive away an annoying aphid.
"I don't want to hear about that person... Originally, the one who was fond of him and wanted to adopt him as a son was your father. From the very beginning, he was never any good at judging people. It doesn't matter, although Yuuya isn't really imposing, but that way we can rest assured."
Indeed, Asuna's father Shouzou never really paid much attention to the people around him. He put all his energy into running the company, even now after having stepped down from his position as CEO, he still disregarded his family in order to adjust their cooperation with oversees capital. Shouzou himself only said that he thought highly of Sugou's aspirations, developing and managing abilities, that it was due to his own incompetence that he didn't notice Sugou's inner personality.
However, Asuna understood that one of the reasons Sugou Nobuyuki kept getting more and more aggresive since junior high was due to the harsh pressure from the people around him. Moreover, a portion of that pressure definitely came from Kyouko's words.
Asuna swallowed her complaints and stiffly said.
"Anyways, I absolutely do not want to go out with that person. I will choose my own partner."
"It's alright, as long as he matches you, anyone who is outstanding is fine. However, I'm saying this in advance, that kind of kid ? students from that type of facility are not included."
"..."
From that sentence, she felt that Kyouko was hinting at a certain person, Asuna was once again dumbfounded.
"... Could it be... You investigated? About him..."
She muttered with a quivering voice, but Kyouko didn't deny or confirm it, instead she just changed the topic.
"You have to understand, your mother as well as your father wish for your happiness. We've hoped for this since you were in kindergarten. Even though you encountered a small setback, you can definitely recover. As long as you seriously work hard. You can accumulate a brilliant career."
It's not mine, it's yours, Asuna grumbled to herself.
Asuna and her brother Kouichirou are both an aspect of Kyouko's «brilliant career». Kouichirou entered a first rate university and got solid results at RECTO, satisfying Kyouko. Asuna should have followed, but was involved in an incomprehensible thing like the SAO incident, followed by a drop in RECTO's corporate image due to Sugou's case, causing Kyouko to feel as though there was a blemish in her life.


Asuna lost the strength to continue arguing, put down her cutlery on the half-filled plate and stood up.
"... About transferring, I'll think about it."
She was just saying that for now, but Kyouko insipidly replied:
"The deadline is next week. Fill in the required information and print three copies on the study's table before then."
Asuna looked down, turned around and walked towards the door. She originally wanted to just return to her room, but something lingered in her heart, she turned around, faced Kyouko and said.
"Mother."
"... What is it?"
"Do you still feel ashamed about your dead parents, resentful that you were born by a farmer rather than a famous house with history?"
Kyouko's eyes widened in shock for a moment, followed by deep wrinkles near her eyebrows and mouth.
"... Asuna! Come over here!"
Although she could still hear the sharp voice, Asuna closed the door and blocked out the words. She quickly walked up the stairs, as though to run away, and opened the door to her own room.
At the same time, the sensors noticed Asuna and automatically activated the lights and air conditioner.
Asuna felt an intolerable restlessness, she walked straight to the room's control panel and shut down the integrated AI. Just like that, she flopped onto the bed and buried her face in the large mattress, ignoring the wrinkles on her expensive blouse.
She didn't feel like crying. As a swordswoman, she already decided not to cry tears of grief or sadness. However, that determination couldn't endure the infinitely increasing unhappiness in her chest.
What kind of swordswoman are you, ridiculed a part of her heart. You're just slightly good at swinging a sword in a game, what power do you have in the real world? Asuna bit her lips and asked herself.
Meeting a certain boy in that world, she should have changed. She should've stopped blindly following values given to her by others and fought for things she truly had to do.
However, looking from outside, how was she any different from before she went to that world? She still acted like a doll and displayed an empty smile in front of her relatives, she couldn't simply refuse the path her parents forced on her. If she could only truly believe in herself in the virtual world, then why did she return to reality.
"Kirito... Kirito."
Unconciously, she started calling that name repeatedly.
Kirito ? Kirigaya Kazuto, still managed to maintain the strong will he obtained in SAO even after returning to reality for over a year. He should also be bearing considerable pressure, yet he never let it show on his face.
In the past, when she asked what Kirito wanted to accomplish in the future, Kirito embarrassedly smiled and replied that he wished to become a producer rather than a player. Moreover, not only something like a software for a game, he wanted to replace the currently constraint-ridden FullDive technology and produce a more intimate man-machine interface. For this, it seemed like he'd been visiting overseas technology forums, actively learning and exchanging opinions.
Asuna felt that he would rush towards that goal without confusion. If possible, she wanted to stay by his side and pursue the same dream. She looked carefully at what she should learn and hoped that they could continue to go to school together in the following year.
However, it seemed like that path had already been cut off. She still couldn't resist in the end, that feeling of powerlessness assaulted Asuna.
"Kirito-kun..."
She hoped that she could immediately see him. Even if it wasn't in the real world, she wanted to be alone with him in that house, cry to her heart's content on his chest and tell him everything.
However, she couldn't. The thought that the one Kirito loves wasn't the powerless Yuuki Asuna, that it was one of the strongest warriors, Asuna «The Flash», became heavy shackles and haunted her.
?Asuna... is very strong... Much stronger than I am...?
She remembered these words which Kirito whispered to her in that world. She might distance herself from his heart if she showed weakness.
That was too scary. Asuna lied down, and unknowingly entered a light sleep.
She saw herself with a sheathe decorated with silver hanging from her waist, arm in arm with Kirito, walking somewhere in the sunlight shining through the tree leaves. However, another one of her was locked in a dark place, only able to silently look at the laughing two.
In that bittersweet dream, Asuna strongly wished to return to that world.

Chapter 3
Aincrad's 24th floor was a limnetic floor mostly covered in water. Its style is similar to the currently unreleased lake city «Salemburg» on the 61st floor where Asuna once lived.
The main block was named «Panareze». It was designed as a man-made island in the center of a large lake, connected to innumerable isles through floating bridges stretching out in all directions.
Asuna gazed at the festive Panareze from across the lake, and placed her head on Kirito's shoulder.
The two of them currently sat on the south coast of an isle slightly north of the main block. The large tree behind them was budding, small waves washed at their feet. Warm wind blew over the lake even though it was winter, and the grass around them rustled.
"Hey, do you still remember? The first time you went to my house." She lifted her face and asked, Kirito replied with a slight smile.
"I'm not boasting, but I'm confident that I have poor memory—"
"Eh—"
"—However, I still remember that time clearly."
"...Really?"
"Of course. At that time, I got a super rare ingredient, and Asuna made a stew out of it. Ah... that meat was so delicious... Even now, I often think of it."
"Really! The only thing you remember is about eating!"
Asuna pouted and hit Kirito's chest, but there was still a hint of a smile in her voice.
"...Well, I also think about it often."
"What, you have no right to complain about others... Hey, that stew, is it possible to recreate in the real world?"
"Uh~ huh... It's basically similar to chicken, perhaps if I work on the sauce... Still, it's probably better for it to remain in our memories. A dish you can never taste again, isn't that great?"
"Mmn, yeah, that's true."
Looking at Kirito nodding slightly regretfully, Asuna once again smiled. Kirito also smiled, and said as though he suddenly thought of something:
"Ah, right... Hey."
"What is it?"
"We've unknowingly saved up quite a bit of Yurudo, when the update with the 60th floor is introduced, why don't we buy a house in Salemburg? Asuna's home was there in the past."
"About that~"
Asuna thought about Kirito's proposal for a while, and shook her head.
"Well, no. I don't really have any good memories in that place. Use the money to help Agil open a shop in Algade."
"Help revive that unscrupulous shop... The interest rate will be ten percent every ten days..."
"Wah, you're going too far."
They can talk forever about the memories they share of Aincrad. As they smiled and talked, Asuna noticed an increase in the number of players flying from Panareze to this isle. Everyone flew over the two of them, towards the large tree in the center of the island.
"Ah, it's almost time. I have to go."
While saying that, Asuna was still reluctant to part with the warmth against her. At that time, Kirito said with a serious expression on his face.
"Asuna. If you're going to fight with Absolute Sword..."
"...Eh?"
"Er... Well, no, that person... is very strong, really."
Hearing some stuttering in Kirito's tone, Asuna tilted her head.
"I've already heard a lot about Absolute Sword's strength from Lisbeth and the others. Moreover, even Kirito was defeated. From the beginning, I've never felt like I'd win. I just want to see that sword... Besides, I really can't believe that Kirito-kun actually lost."
"Right now there are plenty of people stronger than me. Well, even among those, Absolute Sword is special."
"Speaking of which, Lyfa said you said something during the fight. What was it?"
"Ah, about that, it's something I'm slightly concerned about..."
"What is it?"
"This and that..."
Asuna keenly noticed some kind of anxiousness in Kirito's look. Asuna was getting more and more confused, and blinked.
No matter how strong the player called Absolute Sword is, this isn't SAO anymore. Even if you don't surrender in time and lose all your HP, you can revive on the spot as long as someone casts a ressurrection spell. Even if you lose experience due to the death penalty, you only have to hunt for several hours to regain it.
However, Kirito quietly said something Asuna didn't expect.
"I asked that person— You're completely a resident of this world, aren't you? Her response was a silent smile and a ferociously fast charge skill. That speed... broke the limit..."
"...That is saying, a super addicted player?"
Asuna tilted her head and asked, in response to her question, Kirito hurriedly shook his head.
"No. I'm not referring to certain VRMMO worlds, I'm talking about the entire «The Seed server»... No, that's also wrong. I should say, it's a product of the environment created by full diving... That's what I felt."
"What... does that mean...?"
"—It's better not to make a first impression so early. I want you to feel the rest yourself. I think you'd understand if you fight."
As Asuna blinked while Kirito patted her head, the sound of people landing continuously came from the tree behind them. Then, they heard a loud voice.
"My eyes just left you a little and you've run off to this kind of place!"
Hearing the sound of footsteps on grass, Asuna hurriedly lifted herself up.
Lisbeth walked out with an apron dress from behind the tree, stood with her hands on her waist, looked down at Asuna and said.
"I apologize for bothering you while you're busy, but it's almost time."
"I, I know."
Hoisting herself with the wings on her back, Asuna immediately stood up and confirmed her equipment. A jacket weaved with silvery blue threads and a skirt of the same kind. Boots and gloves made out of the skin of a water dragon. Hanging from the sword belt around her waist was a rapier with a crystal handle. Every single one of them were treasures of the highest grade that could currently be obtained. That way she couldn't blame it on equipment even if she lost.
Finishing her examination of things like the type of magical accessory she had equipped, she took a look at the clock.
There was still a bit of time before it was 3 pm in the real world. Asuna glanced at Kirito who stood at her side, turned around, looked at Lisbeth, Silica and Lyfa who were behind her, as well as Yui who was on her head and said.
"—Then, let's go."

They flew low in a row, toward the center of the unnamed island. A large hill came into view as they moved through the trees which extended into the distance. Branches stretched out in every direction from the large tree at the summit, and a large group of players had already gathered in circles at its base. A great cheer came rumbling like a tsunami.
As they noticed room in the audience and were landing, a player fell from far above accompanying a cry. He brutally fell headfirst to the tree's base, raising a large cloud of dust.
The swordsman which appeared to be a Salamander lay sprawled on the floor for a good while before finally shaking his head and jerking up. With an expression that still showed the impact from the fall, he raised both his hands and shouted.
"I've lost! I surrender! I resign!"
At the same time, a sound signifying the end of the duel rang out and the sounds of clapping and cheering became louder.
Amazing, this is already the 67th win in a row, could nobody stop that person, countless calls like that mixed with praises and gripes intertwined. Hearing those, Asuna narrowed her eyes and looked up as though to confirm the winner.
In the sunlight streaming out from between the branches of the large tree, a player's silhouette came spiraling down.
Absolute Sword was smaller than imagined. Due to the name, Asuna imagined that it would be a huge man with bulging muscles, but Absolute Sword should be considered slim. The details could gradually be seen as Absolute Sword slowly approached in the backlight.
Her skin color was milky white with a hint of purple, a characteristic unique to Imps. Her long hair was a lustrous and gorgeous purplish-black. The obsidian armor which covered her chest had a slight bulge, the blouse and windswept dress beneath that were a bluebottle violet. On her waist hung a thin, black sheath.
In front of Asuna's dumbfounded gaze, the undefeated swordswoman «Absolute Sword» quickly spun around before landing lightly en pointe. Then she lifted the corner of her skirt, placed her right hand in front of her chest and curtsied like an actress. At the same time, the men around once again whistled and cheered.
Absolute Sword nodded slightly and stood up, her face wreathed in smiles and innocently made a V sign. She was clearly shorter than Asuna. On her small face were dimpled cheeks, a slightly upturned nose and her large, flashing eyes displayed an amethyst-like radiance.
Asuna still hadn't recovered from her astonishment, and nudged Lisbeth's abdomen with her elbow.
"...Hey, Liz."
"What is it?"
"Absolute Sword — is a girl?!"
"Uh huh, didn't I mention it?"
"No you didn't! ...Ah, could it be..."
This time she glanced at the face of Kirito who stood on her other side.
"The reason Kirito lost..."
"No, it isn't."
Kirito shook his head seriously and said.
"I didn't go easy because she's a girl. I already fought really seriously. Really... At least until halfway."
"Who knows?"
Asuna haughtily turned away from him.
During this time the Salamander stood up, smiling even though he lost and shook Absolute Sword's hand before turning around and returning to a corner in the audience. The girl who wore a red hairband on her dark hair cast the lowest level healing spell on herself and looked around.
"Then, the next challenger, are there any?"
Her voice was also the high, lovable voice of a young girl. Her tone was bright and innocent, making it hard to associate with a seasoned warrior.
ALO doesn't support sex change, so the player was definitely female, but the randomly generated virtual body doesn't reflect a person's age or physique. Even so, the realisticness of «Absolute Sword»'s mannerisms makes people believe it's her real age and appearance.
'Why don't you go', 'No way, I'd get killed in seconds', conversations like those kept coming from the surroundings, but nobody signed up. This time it was Lisbeth's turn to nudge Asuna's abdomen with her elbow.
"Hey, go."
"No... Wait, I need to get into pace first..."
"You can just get into that kind of thing in a round against that child. Now, go quickly!"
"Wah."
Thump, her back was pushed, and Asuna fell several steps forward. She hurriedly spread her wings to stop falling, stood up straight and found herself looking face to face at the girl with the alias Absolute Sword.
"Miss, want to try?"
Twitchingly smiling, Asuna can't do anything but,
"About that... Well, then here I come."
Respond quietly like that. Before her fight with Absolute Sword who she imagined to be a large and ferocious man, she expected there to be a vigorous battle of words, but too many things have messed with her pace.
However, the surrounding cheers were left seething. Many people knew that Asuna was a frequent winner of the monthly tournament, and voices calling her name can be heard.
"OK!"
The girl snapped her finger and beckoned towards Asuna.
Breathing deeply, Asuna made up her mind and walked towards the center of the human wall. After the surrounding voices gradually stopped, she first confirmed the conditions of the fight.
"About that, can you describe the rules?"
"Of course. You can use magic and items if you wish. However, I (boku) will only be using this."
The girl who really suited the personal pronoun «boku» tapped the hilt of her sword with her left hand while responding. Her almost naive confidence provoked Asuna's will to fight. [2]
...In that case, I won't use means of restraint like long distance magic attacks either. A straightforward fight between swordswomen is what I wished for, whispered Asuna in her heart and placed her right hand on the hilt of her rapier, at that time.
Absolute Sword loudly said something even more leisurely.
"Ah, right. Miss, a fight on the ground or an aerial one, which do you like?"
Originally thinking that it'd obviously be an aerial one, Asuna was shocked and stopped unsheathing her rapier.
"...Either kind is fine?"
Absolute Sword grinned and nodded. Asuna couldn't help but wonder if it was some kind of ploy. However, there wasn't a hint of wickedness in the smile of the Imp girl. That was saying, she simply believed that she could win no matter what kind of fight it was.
If it's like this, I won't go easy. Thinking this, Asuna responded.
"Then, a fight on the ground."
"Ok. Jumping is fine, but you can't use your wings!"
Absolute Sword immediately agreed, and folded back the characteristic shadowy wings on her back. The color of those wings which were shaped like a bat's immediately faded and became almost unnoticeable. At the same time, Asuna also used the command to remove her wings: her two shoulderblades tightened up completely and were fixed there for two seconds. A jingling sound came from behind her, and she understood that her wings had disappeared.
Asuna pretty much mastered «Voluntary Flight» without a joystick on the first day she connected to ALO as a normal player, and now her aerial techniques weren't any worse than veterans who were playing since before Aincrad was patched.
Even so, as expected, the movements that permeated her body during the 2 years of fighting in SAO didn't weaken at all. In truth, fighting on the ground was difficult. Moving her toes, she felt the hardness of the ground coming from beneath her boot.
Next, Asuna confirmed the «Multicolor Pointer» of the girl who was known as Absolute Sword.
This small window automatically emerged near people your attention was focused on. Other than displaying the target's name, HP, MP and small icons for buffs and debuffs, the color of the window also showed your relationship with the target. Conditions like same race, neutral race, enemy race, friend, guild, party and so on would change its color, which was why it was called multicolor pointer.
However, since it was the first time Asuna and the girl had met, it wouldn't show her name, thus there was nothing above her HP bar. Comparatively, to the left side was a small icon. It was known as a «Guild Emblem». As its name implied, it meant that the person belonged to a guild. The emblem could be freely edited, the girl's emblem was a very cute one with a pink heart with two white wings spreading from its side. Asuna herself wasn't part of any guild, so there was no emblem on her pointer. Several times, she and her companions have mentioned forming a guild, but for some reason it had always stayed like that.
The girl was probably also looking at Asuna's pointer, the girl who was focused slightly away from Asuna once again looked directly at her with her beautiful, violet eyes. She smiled, waved her right hand and skillfully manipulated the system window which appeared. After that, a request for a duel appeared in Asuna's vision accompanied by a heart-stirring sound effect. The top row said—
?Yuuki is challenging you.?
???, read as Yuuki, was probably the name of that girl's character. Cute yet imposing, it was a name which really suited her.
Like in SAO, there were 3 modes selectable at the bottom of the window. Beginning from the top, they were «First Strike Mode», «Half Loss Mode» and «Total Loss Mode». In the previous Aincrad, duels were basically all done in first strike mode. Obviously losing all your HP was out of the question, even if it was half loss mode, it was possible to reduce someone's HP to the danger zone if the finishing hit was a critical hit.


But now, the obvious choice was total loss mode.
Feeling the change in times in a corner of her brain, Asuna clicked OK. The name ?Yuuki? appeared on the girl's multicolor pointer. At the same time, the pointer she was looking at should display the name ?Asuna?.
The window requesting a duel automatically disappeared, replacing it was a ten second timer. Asuna and the girl — «Absolute Sword» Yuuki unsheathed their swords at the same time, *ka-chink*, two clear sounds overlapped and rang.
Absolute Sword's weapon was a thin, single-handed, double-edged straight sword. It was translucent with an obsidian black hue like her armor. Judging from the radiance and details, the weapon's level was more or less the same as Asuna's rapier. That was saying, it probably didn't have the additional effects unique to rare, legendary weapons.
Yuuki placed her sword in front of her at her waist, and naturally lowered her body. In comparison, Asuna placed her right hand at the side of her body, her rapier held almost perpendicular. At the same time, the surrounding cheers ebbed away like a tide.
While she took a deep breath and breathed out, the counter on the timer reached zero.
In the instant the word ?DUEL? flashed, Asuna stomped on the ground with all her strength. Closing the distance of about seven meters in an instant, she twisted her body towards the right.
"Ha!"
Following that short cry, Asuna's right hand shot forward like an arrow. Those thrusts filled with torque and inertia shot out twice slightly to the left of the center of Absolute Sword's body, and another thrust ingeniously shot out to her right after a short while. It was a regular skill rather than a sword skill, although it wasn't as fast, its aim was more precise. If she dodged to the right to avoid the first two thrusts, she couldn't evade the following one.
Like Asuna thought, Yuuki's body moved slightly to the right to avoid the first two strikes. As her movement stopped, she entered the striking zone of the third hit—
However, as the tip of the rapier was about to hit her chest armor, Yuuki's right hand moved indistinctly. At the same time, sparks appeared to the right side of Asuna's rapier, and the trajectory of the thrust shifted slightly.
Absolute Sword accurately parried her rapier which was thrust at an ultra-high speed, as her brain understood that, the tip of her rapier grazed Absolute Sword's armor and hit air.
Expecting a counterattack, the skin on Asuna's neck numbed. However, if she retracted her rapier right now, her posture would be rigid. Following her skill's inertia, she hardened her heart and spun to her left.
At the same time, a black light aiming for her neck leapt into her eyesight.
"——!!"
Tremors filled Asuna's body as she faced this terrifying, lightning fast speed. She gritted her teeth and twisted her body to its limit, the strength exerted by her right foot almost scraping off the surface of the ground.
The friction of the grass which grew densely at her feet was set slightly lower than that of rocks or bare earth. This value betrayed Asuna and her right foot slipped. Instantly, her body tilted abruptly.
However, luckily, Absolute Sword's sword only grazed across Asuna's chest. *Clang!* The impact passed close to her ear. If hair had hitboxes, Asuna's long, light blue hair would probably be left with half its original length. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the energy released into the air spreading out.
Asuna recovered her balance, stomped the ground with her boot and leapt to the right. She leapt with her left foot once again and stopped a good distance away.
Even though Asuna was bent low in preparation for pursuit attacks, Absolute Sword retained the same smile, stopped moving and once again raised her sword to her waist. Asuna calmed her heartbeat and smiled back — but inside, she was covered in cold sweat.
The trajectory of the thrust which came flying towards her was just a single point. Basically, you could only avoid it using footwork, but Absolute Sword accurately deflected Asuna's rapier.
Rather than the speed of her counterattack, Asuna was more speechless at her amazing reaction speed. Although she kept hearing about how strong she was, the opponent's unexpectedly cute face put her off guard. She once suspected that the reason Kirito lost was due to negligence or discretion while fighting a girl, but that was completely undeserved. Even he wasn't able to successfully block Asuna's full power thrust even once.
Asuna once again breathed in deeply and held her breath. She was indeed a terrifying opponent, but giving up after just a single round would be a disgrace.
Unexpectedly, a sound echoed in her ear.
—What sword. That kind of thing, it's just a game...
Asuna clenched her teeth and threw away the noise in her mind. This world was already a real world, fights in this place were real battles. She must treat it as such.
As though to spur herself on, Asuna shook her rapier, raised it to her right shoulder and faced her opponent.
If normal skills won't work, then she must be prepared to risk using sword skills from now on. However, sword skills have a set recovery time, if all the hits are avoided, she will surely receive a fatal counterattack. She must think of a way to destroy her opponent's posture and create a situation where it will definitely hit. Asuna clenched her left hand.
She once again stomped on the ground and leapt, this time her mind completely clear. Something that was rarely ever felt during fights in the ALO world, the feeling of her nerves burning as her thoughts accelerated, engulfed her body.
This time, Absolute Sword also leapt forward. The smile in the corner of her mouth was gone and a radiance shone in her amethyst eyes.
The obsidian sword came howling diagonally from the upper right, Asuna pushed it aside from the left. A haircurling impact came from her right hand along with sparks and a metallic noise. Using the blocked off sword, Absolute Sword quickly swung again as though she couldn't feel the weight of her weapon, she attacked again and again. Her speed was so fast that it was impossible to react by the time you saw her attacks. Completely focusing her eyesight on her opponent, Asuna predicted the direction of her next attack from her movements and blocked or avoided it. Occasionally their swords would cross and graze each other's bodies, causing both of their HP to drop a little, but there wasn't a single clean hit.
Rapidly swinging her sword, Asuna suddenly felt uneasy.
Indeed, Absolute Sword Yuuki's attack and reaction speed were quite terrifying. Judging from speed alone, she was even above Kirito. Even so, the reason Asuna was able to persist until now wasn't only due to the large amount of combat experience she amassed in SAO, but also because her opponent's attacks were too direct. From the beginning to the end, she didn't use a single feint, which could upset the rhythm in an instant.
Asuna felt that, perhaps, Yuuki didn't have much experience fighting players. If that was the case, even if it was only for an instant, she had a chance of winning if she took her by surprise.
Entering the gap between the three-hit combo coming from her top right, top left and left side, Asuna ruthlessly entered Absolute Sword's bosom. The two of them were nearly stuck together. That way, neither of them could avoid attacks using footwork.
Asuna bent down, the rapier in her right hand pointing directly at the center of her opponent's body, and resolutely thrust forward—
Absolute Sword responded, and blocked the rapier from bottom up—
At that instant, Asuna suddenly pulled back her right hand, and at the same time, clenched her left fist and punched Absolute Sword's right side. This was a «Boxing» skill which she learned when she visited the faraway Gnome capital's training field. Even though there was no power because she didn't equip a knuckle-type weapon that it was intended for, it caused a flinch which was impossible without using a skill.
Dong, an impact came from her left fist, Absolute Sword widened her eyes in shock. This was her first and last chance. Asuna didn't hesitate and activated the four-hit sword skill «Quadruple Pain».
Asuna's rapier shone bright red and at the same time her right hand, controlled by the system, shredded the air like lightning.
Asuna was confident that the attack would hit. The opponent's posture was already destroyed and it was also impossible to avoid in terms of distance.
However. Letting the system speed up her right hand, Asuna looked at Absolute Sword's face, and tremors once again filled her body. Even though Absolute Sword's eyes were wide open, there wasn't a hint of panic in her violet eyes. Her eyes were focused on the tip of the rapier.
She could see the thrusts—?
The instant this thought crossed Asuna's mind, Absolute Sword's right hand flashed out.
Like a sword placed on a grinding wheel, a hard, scraping sound continuously rang out four times. Asuna's four-hit combo was accurately parried up, down, left and right, not a single blow hit. Asuna could only see a thin, ink-like afterimage left on Absolute Sword's sword.
Her last hit being parried, Asuna was frozen in a position with her right arm stretched out for several tenths of a second — this hopeless recovery time overtook Asuna. Absolute Sword didn't let go of this chance.
With a clang, she pulled back her obsidian sword, her sword glowing purple.
A counterattack-sword skill!
"Aaah!"
For the first time in the match, Yuuki let out an awe-inspiring cry. Then, she thrust forward with a speed that would've been very hard to avoid even if Asuna wasn't recovering from her skill, and caught Asuna's left shoulder. Slanting directly towards the bottom-right, she executed a five-hit combo without rest. All of them beautifully hit and Asuna's HP bar rapidly decreased and became yellow. She didn't remember a one-handed sword skill like that, which meant it was an «Original Sword Skill». She actually compiled such a fast five-hit combo—


While Asuna was dazed and thinking that, the light of Yuuki's sword didn't fade and she raised it to her upper-left.
It didn't end in five hits. It was still continuing. Finally being released from her skill's recovery time, Asuna pulled herself together and once again trembled.
Supposing Yuuki thrust at her another five times, there was no doubt that her HP would drop to zero. However, it was impossible to avoid.
Rather than uselessly trying to run and getting hit in the back, it'd be better to gamble on a small chance. Asuna put all her energy into her right hand and once again activated a sword skill. The only five-hit OSS which she had successfully compiled, named «Starry Tear».
Red and blue flashes interlocked. Going from Asuna's right shoulder to her bottom-left, the tip of Yuuki's sword intersected with her previous hits and made a cross.
However, Asuna's rapier finally hit Absolute Sword. Drawing the apex of a small star, the five-hit thrust skill pierced the black armor.
They finished exchanging five hits, and there was a moment of silence. Neither of them had fallen.
Absolute Sword's HP bar was reduced by more than half, and turned yellow. Whereas Asuna's HP bar entered the red zone, and there was only a little left. In the first place, Asuna, whose character data was inherited from SAO, had higher HP than ALO players. The astonishing ten-hit combo managed to actually chip almost all of it away, the power of Absolute Sword's OSS was really terrifying, however...
No. Yuuki's longsword was still releasing a violet glow, the sword skill hadn't ended.
Once again pulling back her sword, she aimed directly at the center of Asuna's body, the intersection of the cross-shaped effect.
That is saying, this is the miraculous OSS which Absolute Sword gambled on the duel? Asuna sighed deeply.
Power and speed which exceeded common sense, moreover, beauty which was even greater than those. I have no regrets losing to this kind of sword skill. Stating this in her heart, Asuna waited for the final hit.
The eleventh hit ferociously descended — but suddenly stopped right before it pierced through Asuna. The forcefully interrupted system support released a bright flash and the impact was released into the surrounding air, causing the surrounding grass to radially fall.
"—?!"
In front of Asuna's dumbfounded eyes, Absolute Sword placed down her weapon, and for some reason, quickly walked toward her. She patted Asuna's shoulder with her left hand, smiling brilliantly. Opening her lips, she vigorously said:
"Yeah, that was great! I've decided on you!!"

"Wha... Eh...?"
Asuna was already completely lost, and could only let out a dazed sound.
"How, that... What happened to the last hit of the duel...?"
"I'm already satisfied with fighting this much. Did you want to continue till the end?"
Hearing her saying that while smiling, Asuna could only shake her head. No matter what, if Absolute Sword didn't stop her last hit, Asuna's HP would've definitely been reduced to zero.
The girl who really suited the personal pronoun «boku» cheerfully nodded her head and continued speaking.
"I've always, always been looking for a strong person. This time I've finally found one! Hey, miss, do you have anything to do after this?"
"Well... uh. No..."
"Then, come with me for a while!"
Absolute Sword Yuuki returned her sword to the sheath on her waist with a clink and energetically stretched out her right arm. Asuna also sheathed her sword for the moment and uneasily grasped her hand.
At the same time, Yuuki widened her back and activated the command which spreads out her wings. The translucent, bat-shaped wings appeared, raising her body slightly.
"Ah, right."
Asuna hurriedly stretched out her shoulder blades, grew wings and kicked off the floor. Yuuki smiled once again, grasped Asuna's hand, turned around and accelerated upwards like a rocket.
"Hey, Asuna, where are you going?!"
Looking back towards the sharp voice, Asuna saw Lisbeth with a half-shocked, half-dazed expression on her face, yelling with her hand to her mouth. Lyfa, Silica and also Yui who sat on Kirito's head all looked dumb-founded, yet the black-clothed Spriggan just smiled calmly, as though he already predicted this development to some degree.
Encouraged by his expression, Asuna smiled and breathed in deeply.
"Well, about that... I'll contact you later!"
After she shouted that to Lisbeth, in front of her, Yuuki's wings released a purple radiance and she instantly entered a sharp burst of speed. With her right hand being pulled, Asuna frantically flapped the wings on her back, following the back of the young, mysterious swordswoman.

Absolute Sword flew directly south over the 24th floor's lake, through an opening in Aincrad's boundaries and into the space outside without hesitation.
"Uwah!"
At the same time, thick clouds hit Asuna's face. They continued moving forward in that pure white space for several seconds before suddenly slicing through the layer of clouds, the azure sky stretched out boundlessly in front of them.
In the bottom-right corner of her eye, she could see a green cone stretching out where they pierced through the layer of clouds. It was the top of the world tree which towered in the center of Alfheim. Looking directly below her, she could faintly see a blue surface. Judging from the circular shape scooped out from the coastline, it seemed like Aincrad was flying above the «Crescent Gulf» in Undine territory.
While Asuna was wondering about where they were going, Absolute Sword who was flying in front suddenly turned 90 degrees and started flying upward. Turning her body around, Aincrad appeared in front of her eyes, its giant, curved body towering like a precipice. Passing through the hundred meter high floors one after another, Absolute Sword continued flying higher.
—Although you could say that, but you can only freely go in and out of Aincrad's boundary for floors already cleared. The outer limits of floors which haven't been accessed are inaccessible zones. Asuna was slightly worried and wanted to ask her in order to confirm, but right when she breathed in deeply and was preparing to shout, their angle of flight once again turned 90 degrees.
It seemed like Absolute Sword's target was the 27th floor. If Asuna remembered correctly, that was the current front line. Going through a gap in the moss-covered wall, they flew inside with a bang. Instantly, the surroundings darkened.
The 27th floor of Aincrad is a country of perpetual darkness. There were exceedingly few openings in the exterior and no sunlight shone in even during the day. Numerous stalactites unevenly hung down from the ceiling inside, and above those, there were large prismatic gems here and there, letting out a hazy blue glow. In terms of impression, it was similar to the underground of the Gnome territory in the north of ALfheim.
The imp girl, whose night vision was almost as good as a Spriggan's, pulled Asuna's hand and flew between the stalactites. From time to time, a group of «Gargoyles» came into view in front of them, but Yuuki wasn't interested in fighting, skillfully avoided the group's scouting range and continued flying.
After flying into the ravine which appeared soon after and gliding slowly for a minute or so, a small town came into sight at the bottom of the wide, circular valley. This was the 27th floor's city block, named «Ronbaru».
Alleys and stairs complicatedly criss-crossed over this town which seemed as though it was carved out of a block of rock, an orange light shining over it. Like a sole campfire burning on a frigid night, it had a calming effect.
A purple and light blue trail stretched out from Yuuki and Asuna in the darkness as they flew and slowly landed in the circular plaza in the center of the town.
The quiet BGM signifying that they've entered the city drifted into her ears, and a bit of the pot roast's fragrance tickled her nose — while Asuna was thinking about that, she landed on the stone floor with a patter.
Asuna caught her breath and looked around. Ronbaru is the city of night elves, fitting that setting, there wasn't a single large building. A small workshop, shop and inn made out of cyan stone were tightly connected together. Under the orange light, this view had a fantasy-like beauty and the liveliness of a night festival.
Back during SAO, even while they were clearing the floor, people only gathered in this town for a short while because there weren't any important facilities. Asuna also only remembered staying in this town for several days. But right now, since it was the front line, many players proudly strode around, a clashing sound coming from their armor. Everyone seemed to have a few tempers and carried the heavy atmosphere of a warrior. Seeing that, a feeling mixed with yearning and bitterness drifted into Asuna's heart.
In order to obtain the wooden house, Asuna stood at the front lines for the entire time until they've reached the 22nd floor, but she hardly ever participated in boss fights after that. She felt that the joy of «entering a new town» should be left for the adventurers of the new Aincrad to savor. Besides, her memory of the front lines weren't all happy.
After closing her eyes and lightly shaking her head in order to throw away her sentiments, Asuna looked towards Absolute Sword who stood next to her.
"...Hey, why did you bring me here? Is there something in this city?"
In response to this question, Absolute Sword smiled and once again pulled Asuna's hand.
"Before that, let me introduce my companions first! This side!"
"Ah, wait..."
Following the back of Absolute Sword who suddenly started running, Asuna entered one of the narrow alleys that extended radially from the plaza.
Climbing up and down the small steps, passing through a bridge and going through a tunnel, they arrived in front of what looked like a hotel. Knocking aside the pot-shaped sign made out of cast iron with «INN» written on it, they entered through the door. They passed through a napping, bearded NPC and stepped deep into the pub and restaurant. At this moment—
"Welcome back, Yuuki! Did you find one?!"
The voice of a clamorous boy met the two.
Five people sat at a round table in the center of the tavern. There weren't any other people. Absolute Sword walked in front of them, quickly turned around and faced Asuna, happily spread out her right hand, straightened her chest and said:
"—Let me introduce you. This is my guild, my companions from the «Sleeping Knights»."
She turned around once again, and this time motioned at Asuna.
"And this is—..."
Her words suddenly stopped there. Yuuki shrunk back, rolled her eyes and adorably stuck her tongue out.
"...Sorry, I still haven't asked what your name was."
The five players splendidly fell into their chairs with a clatter. Seeing this, Asuna couldn't help but laugh and after a curtsy, she told them her name.
"Nice to meet you. My name is Asuna."
And then, to Asuna's far left, a short Salamander boy stood up with considerable verve. Swinging his orange hair tied in a braid at the back of his head, he said with a spirited voice.
"I'm Jun! Hi Asuna-san!"
To his side was a huge Gnome man. The beaming eyes beneath his wavy, sand-colored hair made him look amiable. He retracted his protuding stomach, bowed, and said his name with a leisurely tone.
"Ah, about that, my name is Thatch. Please treat me kindly."
The next to stand up was a skinny Leprechaun youth. His tidy, brass colored hair and round, iron-rimmed glasses gave him the impression of a student. He widened his small eyes, bowed and blushed while introducing himself in a flustered manner.
"I, I am, that, that is, my name is Taruken. Please advise me... Ouch!!"
The wail at the end of the sentence was due to the female player sitting to his left kicking him hard in the shin with her boots.
"Enough, Taru, stop being like this! You're always like this in front of girls!"
Saying this with an imposing and agitated tone, she rose from her chair with a clatter. She widened her eyes and smiled at Asuna, scratched her black hair which extended out like the sun and stated her name.
"I'm Nori. Glad to meet you, Asuna-san."
Judging from her black skin and gray wings, it seemed like she was a Spriggan, but her thick eyebrows, lips and large physique didn't feel like a Spriggan's at all.
And then, the last one was a female Undine player like Asuna. Her long, light blue hair which was almost pure white hung down from her shoulders. The calm, deep blue eyes beneath her drooping eyelashes shone with a radiance. Her long nose, lustrous lips and surprisingly slender body completely gave off the feeling of an excellent Undine healer.
The woman stood up lithely, and calmly introduced herself.
"Nice to meet you. I'm Shiune. Thank you for coming here."
"And then—"
Finally, Absolute Sword jumped to the right, stood alongside the five people and said as her large eyes shined:
"Me, who is also the guild leader, Yuuki! Asuna-san..."
She strode forward and clenched Asuna's hands,
"Let's work hard together!"
"Work hard to... do what?"
Asuna smiled back and asked, Yuuki was somewhat taken aback and once again stuck out her tongue.
"Eh, I haven't told you yet!"
Clatter! Seeing the five of them once again collapsed in their chairs, Asuna couldn't hold it in any longer. She laughed out loud, and immediately, Yuuki and the others also cheerfully laughed.
When she finally stopped laughing, Asuna once again looked around at the members of the «Sleeping Knights»— And then, she felt a slight chill behind her back.
They were all terribly strong. Asuna could determine this from every one of their movements. These six people were all fully used to moving in the VR world. If they took up arms, all of them would probably be about as strong as Absolute Sword.
Asuna, and probably also Kirito, Liz and the others, were completely ignorant about such a powerful group's existence. If they also transferred over from a different world like Absolute Sword, then they must have been a famous group in the VR world they came from.
What was the reason they moved to ALO, throwing away their familiar characters and all their items... While Asuna was wondering about this, Absolute Sword — Yuuki, who finally stopped laughing, scratched her head which was decorated by a red hairband and embarrassedly said.
"Sorry, Asuna-san. I brought you here without even telling you why. I was exhilarated that I finally found someone almost as strong as I am, and just... That is, I'll ask you for a favor once again. I... Please help us!"
"Help... you?"
Tilting her head and repeating this, Asuna thought up various possibilities in an instant.
It probably wasn't simply helping hunt for money, items or skill points. The guild was already at such a high level, just adding Asuna shouldn't make much of a difference.
Similarly, it's hard to believe that they're aiming for something like a specific rare item or residence. It's different from SAO where information itself was traded for a high price, piles of information on ALO was freely published on external sites. If you refered to those and got down to it, almost any item can be obtained eventually.
It's worth noting that the «Strength» Absolute Sword was looking for wasn't purely numerical, it also included the know-hows of combat. That's needed more for battles against players rather than monsters. Moreover, since she even introduced her guild, it's a large-scale battle rather than one-to-one duels like those which Absolute Sword has been carrying out up till now— Simply put, it's a battle without rules against another guild.
Considering this, Asuna lightly bit her lips and anxiously said.
"About that... If you need help in a conflict against another guild, I'm sorry..."
In battles against players where the rules in competitions and system rules in duels are removed, a sense of aberration always remained. Of course, players who won't let go after a moment of conflict are a minority, but the possibility that it'd bring trouble in the future to her friends and not just Asuna herself cannot be ruled out.
So even if Asuna encounters people acting unreasonably while hunting, she won't raise her sword against them.
In order to explain this as concisely as possible, Asuna once again opened her mouth. However, Absolute Sword's eyes widened for a moment before she immediately shook her head.
"No, it isn't, we're not doing something like fighting against others. About that... that, we... maybe you'd laugh..."
Lowering her head, Absolute Sword embarrassedly pursed her lips, looked up at Asuna and said something unexpected.


"...About that, we want to defeat this floor's boss."
"I see... Huh?!"
Asuna voice blurted out, this was completely outside her expectations. She originally thought that she'd hear a goal even worse than a conflict between guilds, but it turned out to be clearing the floor's boss, an extremely normal and upright goal. The players which currently stayed at the front line doubtlessly had the same goal.
"The boss...? The boss in the innermost part of the dungeon...? Not a Named Mob which respawns at a definite time?"
"Ah, yes. The one which can only be defeated once."
"I see... Is that so... a boss, huh~"
Asuna silently glanced at the faces of the other five guild members, they were all blinking and waiting for her response.
In other words, they want to join a guild which was formed specifically in order to defeat floor bosses, a «clearing guild». They just transferred over and didn't have any connections, so they're asking for her to help introduce them to veteran groups— Is that the case?
"About that... Well, Ze... No, Yuuki, since you're so strong..."
This development was slightly outside her expectations, Asuna closed her eyes, changed her way of thinking and considered the actual possibility. Among the players who were currently at Aincrad's front lines, around 80% of them were native to ALO and 20% came from SAO. Right now the groups from ALO and SAO have made peace, and the clearing guild was really mixed. However, back when it was first upgraded, their relationship was very stiff. That was due to one side being the first game to use AmuSphere, while the other side is the first real VRMMO, both «Fairies» and «Swordsmen» had strong egos. Like Asuna herself.
At this time, a group suddenly transferring over from another game uninvited and saying 'Let us join' can't join the raid group that easily— However, «Absolute Sword» Yuuki's strength is over the top. If the other five were at a similar level and they displayed it, it might be possible.
"Indeed... This floor's mapping is already close to the boss room, I don't know if it'd work if you suddenly asked to join the boss fight. But even if it isn't possible this time, if you join at the beginning of the next floor, with your strength, you may be able to join the boss room's raid group... The maximum number of people in a raid is 49 people, so I don't know whether all 6 of you can join..."
When Asuna spoke while thinking and reached this point—
Yuuki once again shrunk back shyly, and said something outside Asuna's imagination.
"About that. It's slightly different from what you're saying. We don't want to join the large group... We want to win with only the six of us and Asuna-san."
"...Eh, what?!"
The loudest sound she has made since she was brought to the inn blurted out from Asuna's mouth.
The reason was very simple.
Compared to the originals in SAO, the mobs guarding the route to the next level in the new Aincrad were littered with power-ups. Of course, the substantial change in the system cannot be simply compared, but with prudence, the bosses in the past can be defeated without a single casualty, while the new bosses scatters players like dandelion seeds using extremely strong attacks and skills. They were almost irrationally strong.
Of course, the strategy used must change as well. Gathering the maximum number of people in a raid and preparing healers in expectation that there'd be many deaths is a solid strategy. Rather than one person sacrificing his life in order to deal 10 damage, more focus was placed on 10 people steadily dealing 11 damage. The last raid which Asuna participated in was the 21st floor's, even though it was such a low level and they've formed 7 parties of 7 people, there were innumerable times where they faced the danger of being wiped out.
Of course, the bosses' strength increases the higher they go. The end of the 20 floors which were opened up last Christmas can gradually be seen, she heard that the 26th floor was finally cleared by gathering the elites of several large guilds.
In other words, no matter how strong Yuuki and the others were, even if Asuna joined as well, defeating the boss with 7 people can be said to be impossible.
Asuna chose her words, and briefly explained this.
"...So... with 7 people, I think it's somewhat unlikely..."
After she finished saying this, Yuuki and the others glanced at each other and for some reason, all of them laughed embarassedly. Yuuki spoke up as their representative.
"Yeah, there's absolutely no way. Actually, we also challenged the 25th and 26th floor's boss."
"Eh?! With... With just 6 people?!"
"Yes. We did try pretty hard... but our MP and HP potions can't keep up no matter what. While we were raising money around and about, the boss was defeated by the large group."
"Ah... is that so... You're serious."
Asuna once again looked closely at the faces of the 6 of them.
It can definitely be considered a foolhardy challenge, but she didn't dislike their spirit. Players who were used to games can distinguish what's possible and what's not, and would give up impossible things immediately. The rising will to challenge of the members of the «Sleeping Knights» reflected something extremely fresh — and slightly nostalgic in Asuna's eyes.
"But... Why? Why are you unwilling to go with other guilds and have to beat the boss alone?"
Of course, you can obtain an abnormal amount of money, rare equipment and items by defeating the boss with just one guild. She felt that this kind of incentive doesn't suit the 6 of them though.
"About... About that."
Yuuki widened her amethyst-colored eyes, and moved her mouth as though to say something. However, she didn't say anything. As though there was something stifling her, she opened and closed her mouth several times, like she can't find the proper words.
At this moment, the tall Undine next to Yuuki named Shiune spoke up to help her.
"About that, let me explain. Before that, please have a seat."
The 7 people including Asuna sat down around the table, and a NPC brought them the drinks they've ordered. Shiune gently crossed her fingers on the table, and started speaking in a quiet voice.
"Perhaps Asuna-san has already noticed, but we didn't meet in this world. We met in an online community outside of games... and immediately got along and became friends. It has already been... around two years."
Shiune eyelashes fell as though reminiscing, and stopped talking for a moment.
"We were really the best of friends. Together, we went to many different worlds, and undergone various adventures. However, regretfully, we can only continue to journey together up until this Spring. Everyone... is busy due to various reasons. So we decided that before we disband, we will create a memory we definitely will not forget. In the innumerable VRMMO worlds, we will find the most joyful, most beautiful, most exciting world and work together to finish something there. So we continuously transferred to various places, and this was the world we found."
Shiune looked around at her companion's faces. Jun, Thatch, Taruken, Nori and Yuuki, the faces of all five of them were gleaming, and they nodded. Shiune also smiled gently, and continued speaking.
"This world— Alfheim, the home of elves, as well as the floating city Aincrad, is fantastic. All of us will never forget about the time we've spent flying in the beautiful towns, forests, plains, the world tree — and also around this city. There is one more thing we want to do... We want to leave our footprints in this world."
Shiune's blue, slightly closed eyes glowed with a serious radiance.
"If we defeat the boss, we can leave our names on the «Swordsmen's Stele» in the Black Iron Prison inside the 1st floor's «Starting City»."
"Ah..."
Asuna's eyes widened for a moment, and nodded. She almost forgot about this, but the names of the players who have defeated the boss will be recorded in the Black Iron Prison. Asuna herself has her name left on the 21st floor's column.
"About that... Even though it's just for self-satisfaction, we want our names etched there no matter what. However, there's one problem. If a single party defeats the boss, the names of all the members will be recorded, but if there are multiple parties, only the name of the leaders will be left."
"Ah... Is that so. Yes, it's definitely like that."
Asuna responded while thinking about the interiors of the Black Iron Prison.
The «Swordsmen's Stele» was a 3D object inside the virtual world, so its size is limited. They need to reach the 100th floor in the end, there's not enough space to record the names of all the raid members for all the floors. At most, only 7 players' name is etched for every floor. So, like Shiune said, all the member's name can be etched on the stele if one party defeats the boss, while in a raid only the party leaders will be recorded.
Shiune paused for a moment as though waiting for Asuna to understand, then lightly nodded and continued speaking:
"In other words, if we want to leave the names of all the members of the «Sleeping Knights», we can only challenge it with a single party. We tried desperately on the 25th and 26th floor, but no matter what, we always fail by a finger's breadth... Then, after discussing it together, we decided. The upper limit of a party is 7 people, there was still one space. Even though it's presumptuous, we decided to find someone who's at the same level or stronger than Yuuki, who is the strongest among us, and ask that person to join our party."
"So that's it... This was what it was all about."
Asuna took a deep breath, and her gaze fell on the white tablecloth.
Leaving their names on the ?Swordsmen's Stele?. This wish was understandable.
Not only VRMMOs, but things like online games require a lot of time from players, many people quit in spring due to reasons like going to a higher level of education or employment. Inevitably, a lot of intimate guilds which have continued for many years can do nothing but disband. Wanting to etch this memory on this monument which will continue to exist as long as this world lasted was natural.
Not to mention others, Asuna herself doesn't know how long she can continue to play ALO. If her mother took an even stronger approach, it was possible that she'd be forbidden from even using the AmuSphere. Wanting to spend every minute and second on something meaningful since the time remaining was limited, this thought of hers was the same as theirs.
"...How about it? Will you agree? Not much time has passed since we just transferred over, so we might not be able to prepare enough gifts as thanks..."
Asuna stretched out her hands and stopped Shiune from operating a trade window to hint at the amount.
"Ah, no, since the number of places requiring funding are as numerous as mountains, this money is better left with you. I can just take whatever the boss drops as a reward..."
"So, you'll agree?"
The faces of Shiune and the other five glowed. Looking at their expressions in turn, Asuna gave up thinking about how it ended up becoming this kind of situation. At first, she was just slightly interested in the rumors of the mysterious swordmaster «Absolute Sword». Then she was absently brought from the competition grounds to the front lines, introduced to Yuuki's companions and was even invited to challenge the floor's boss with her. This all happened in less than an hour. The person who pulled Asuna into this jet-like development, «Absolute Sword» Yuuki, widened her sparkling, amethyst-colored eyes as much as possible and was waiting for Asuna's response. You can say that she's impatient, and you can say that she's unyielding, but this kind of strange encounter was also one of the joys given by VRMMOs. The most important thing is — deep in her heart, one hazy yet definite premonition sprouted. She can definitely become good friends with these mysterious swordsmen.
"About that... Wait a moment."
It was because of this that she can't deal with it casually. Asuna once again took a deep breath, fixed her gaze on the glass on the table and calmed her slightly chaotic thoughts. She put her doubts and shock aside, and focused her thoughts on Yuuki and the other's lofty goals for a moment.
A long time ago, as the sub-leader of a guild which no longer exists, Asuna planned the raids on many bosses.
She can't remember how many hours she spent discussing with other guilds and solo players, roaring at each other, and even prostrating and begging for help when there weren't enough people. She worked so hard because in that world, there was one requirement which must be kept. There can't be a single death.
But now, everything has changed. There was only one obligation and right which players in this elves' home had, and that was to enjoy. Can you enjoy the game if you tell yourself that you can just retreat if you have no chance of winning? Yuuki and the others have already challenged the bosses of the 25th and 26th floors with only 6 people, and it seems like they did pretty well.
Rather than thinking about what happens if you fail, just go without thinking about anything first. She hasn't played in such a rash way for a long time. Even if they were wiped, the only thing they lost was a little experience.
"...If we're going to do it, let's do it. This time, put aside things like success rate."
Asuna lifted her face, and mischievously smiled. At the same time, a smile bloomed on Yuuki's adorable face. In the tremendous cheers of her five companions, she leaned forward and grasped Asuna's right hand from the table.
"Thank you, Asuna-san! Even in the very beginning, when we fought each other with swords, I knew you would say this!"
"Call me Asuna."
Asuna smiled and responded, and Yuuki in turn, smiled and said.
"Then you should also call me Yuuki!"

After shaking hands with the five people who hurriedly stretched out their hands and drinking a toast with newly ordered fruit beer, Asuna asked Yuuki a question which suddenly came to her mind.
"Speaking of which, Yuuki-sa... Yuuki, you were looking for a strong person through duels, right?"
"Ah, yes."
"If that's the case, there should have been lots of strong people before me. Specifically, a Spriggan dressed in black who uses one-handed swords, do you still remember him? I feel that that person would probably be more useful than I am..."
"Ah—..."
Yuuki remembered about Kirito with just that. She kept nodding, and held her arm with a complicated expression for some reason.
"I remember. That person was also really strong!"
"Then... Why didn't you ask him for help?"
"Yeah..."
Yuuki was unusually silent, and a mysterious smile flashed across her face.
"As I thought, that person won't do."
"Why... Why is that?"
"He realized our secret."
Yuuki and Shiune didn't seem to want to say anything more about this, and there was no way to learn more. Perhaps this «Secret» is related to Absolute Sword Yuuki's outstanding strength, Asuna thought about this, but she can't see what Kirito noticed at all.
While she tilted her head and thought, the Leprechaun Taruken spoke up as though to change the topic.
"Then... the specifics of the raid, how... how are we going to organize it?"
"Ah... Let me think..."
Asuna washed down the questions stuck in her mouth with fruit beer, and raised her index finger.
"First of all, the most important thing is to understand the boss' attacks. Avoid when you should avoid, block when you should block and attacking with all your strength when you should attack, that way we might have a chance of winning. The problem is, how we are going to get information on this... It's probably pointless even if we ask the large guilds which specialize in hunting bosses. I think that we have to challenge it once with the premise that we'd be wiped."
"Yeah, we're fine with that! Only... The previous floor, and also the one before that, it gets defeated by other guilds immediately after we get wiped."
Yuuki showed a downcast expression, and the young Salamander boy Jun across the table frowned and continued.
"It has already ended when we got there again three hours later. Perhaps I'm just worrying too much... but I keep getting the feeling that they're waiting for us to fail..."
"Really..."
Asuna placed her hand next to her mouth and thought. Recently she heard rumours about disputes over raids as well. They were mainly about the large guild being too peremptory, but would this kind of group pay attention to a guild with only 6 people? However, this information cannot be ignored.
"Right, for the moment, we should make preparations for challenging the boss immediately after we're wiped. When does everyone have time?"
"Ah, sorry. Taruken and I aren't free at night. How about tomorrow at one in the afternoon?"
The tall Spriggan Nora scratched her black hair and apologized.
"Yeah, I have no problems with that. Then, let's meet in this inn tomorrow at one?"
OK, I understand, everyone responded in various ways. Facing the nodding «Sleeping Knights», Asuna once again smiled, and loudly said.
"—Let's try our best!"

Asuna stroked Yuuki's head while Yuuki kept talking about how thankful she was. She reluctantly left the inn, and first returned to where Lisbeth and the others were. They would probably be startled by this unexpected result, Asuna's heart pounded as she walked quickly towards the teleport gate in Ronbaru's plaza.
Relying on her unreliable memory as she passed through alleys, the festive plaza finally appeared in sight, at this moment.
Beep, as though the power switch was pressed, the world darkened. All her senses disappeared, Asuna was left in complete darkness.

Chapter 4
As though falling into a bottomless pit, she was assaulted by the sensation that she was rapidly falling.
The world abruptly turned 90 degrees and she suddenly felt a pressure against her back. Right afterwards, her five senses reconnected with a crash, causing Asuna's entire body to stiffen.
Her eyelids twitched a couple of times as she laboriously opened her eyes which were blurred by tears, and she saw the ceiling of her room.
Finally, she felt the soft feeling of her familiar bed coming from behind her back. Repeatedly breathing shallowly a couple of times, the confusion in her nervous system gradually went away.
What in the world happened? Was there a momentary power failure, or did her AmuSphere malfunction ? She thought about this, and finally took a deep breath. Asuna felt that it was rather strange that there was the scent of a perfume which she doesn't use in the air, she held herself up with her arm and immediately opened her mouth dumbfounded.
Her mother stood at her bedside with a terrible expression, her right hand holding a light gray wire. This was the power cord that should've been connected to the DC port of the AmuSphere which Asuna wore on her head. The reason she disconnected abnormally was because Kyouko unplugged the machine's power source. Understanding this, Asuna didn't hold back her flustered voice.
"What... What are you doing, mom!"
However, Kyouko frowned deeply and silently looked at the north wall. Asuna followed her line of sight and noticed the hands of the embedded clock, it was around five minutes past 6:30.
Asuna can't help but bite her lips, and Kyouko finally opened her mouth.
"Mother has already said so when you were late for dinner a month ago. The next time you play this game until you're late, I'll cut off the power source."
Facing the overly cold tone which seemed to be flaunting her victory, Asuna almost reflexively shouted back. However, she lowered her head and desperately swallowed the impulse, and said with a quiet, quivering voice.
"... Forgetting the time is my mistake. However, you didn't have to cut off the power source. If you shake my body and shout in my ear, I'll receive an alarm inside..."
"When I did this in the past, didn't it take another five minutes before you to opened your eyes?"
"That's... Moving away, saying goodbye, various things like that..."
"What goodbye? You're placing partings in that kind of incomprehensible game over actual promises? Don't you feel sorry for the housekeeper if the food she painstakingly prepared goes cold?"
?The other person is real even if it's inside a game, moreover, isn't mother the one who makes a phone call before going to university and completely wastes the food ? many similar retorts flashed across her mind. However, Asuna once again lowered her head and deeply breathed out her trembling breath. What came out of her mouth was just a short sentence.
"... Sorry. I'll pay attention next time."
"There won't be a next time. Didn't I already tell you, the next time you're negligent because of that thing, I'll confisicate it. Besides..."
Kyouko curled her lips slightly, and glanced at the AmuSphere which was still on Asuna's head.
"Mother really doesn't understand you. Didn't you already waste two valuable years because of that strange machine? Don't you feel disgusted just looking at it?"
"This... is different from Nerve Gear."
Muttering this, she removed the two metal rings from her head. Reflecting on the SAO event, AmuSphere was filled to the brim with safeguards, but she immediately felt that it was useless to explain. Moreover, even if the hardware was different, it's true that Asuna fell into a vegetative state for two years due to a VRMMO. During that time, Kyouko was also very worried and was once even prepared for Asuna's death. She had to understand, understand why her mother hated the machine.
Asuna kept quiet, Kyouko let out a large sigh and turned towards the door.
"Let's eat. Change your clothes and come down right away."
"... I'm not going to eat today."
Even though she felt sorry for the housekeeper Akiyo who prepared dinner, she really didn't want to eat face-to-face with her mother.
"Do what you want."
Lightly shaking her head, Kyouko walked out of the room. Once the door closed with a click, Asuna stretched her hand towards the control panel and changed the mode to rapid ventilation in an attempt to drive away the remaining fragance of her mother's strong cologne, but it continued to linger annoyingly for a long time.
The excitement from meeting «Absolute Sword» Yuuki, her fascinating companions and the foreboding of a new adventure vanished like a snowball exposed to sunlight. Asuna stood up, opened her wardrobe, pulled out a pair of faded jeans with a hole around the knee and stretched her leg into it. She put on a rather thick cotton hoodie, and wore a white down overcoat over it. These were one of the few clothes which weren't chosen by her mother.
Quickly tidying her hair, she grabbed her purse and mobile and quickly walked out of her room. As she walked down the stairs, put on her shoes in the foyer and was about to open the heavy door, a sharp voice came from the panel set in the wall to her side.
?Asuna! Where are you going at this kind of time?!?
However, Asuna didn't reply, she turned the handle before her mother could lock the door remotely. The instant she opened the door, metal bars flew out from both sides, but Asuna just managed to leap outside first. The damp, ice-cold night air hit her face.
Quickly crossing the road, she exited the courtyard from the door next to the main gate and finally let out a large breath. The air she breathed out turned white and floated before her eyes before gradually thinning and disappearing. She pulled up her overcoat's zipper, put her hands in her pocket and rushed towards the Miyanosaka station of the Tokyu Setagaya Line.
She wasn't running away from home, although she ran outside as though to lash at her mother, Asuna understood that she was being nothing but childish and rebellious. This anxiety further increased the powerlessness she felt in her heart.
Arriving at a residential area with large, contiguous houses, Asuna stopped in front of a small children's park which stood alone. Sitting on a reverse U-shaped metal pipe at the entrance, she took out her mobile from her pocket.
She slided her finger across the screen, and called out Kirito ? Kazuto's page from her phone book. Asuna put her finger on the call button, but closed her eyes and lowered her head in the end.
She wanted to call Kazuto and tell him: Bring an extra helmet and come pick me up on your motorcycle. Sitting on the back seat of the small, noisy yet fast motorcycle, tightly holding Kazuto's waist, and speeding straight forward towards anywhere in the new year's empty highways. If it's like that, the confusion in her mind would surely disappear right away, like when she's flying full speed in Alfheim.
However, if she saw Kazuto now, she'd definitely be unable to hold back her emotions and would weep while telling him everything. About how she must transfer schools. About how she might not be able to go on ALO again. The cold reality which had thrust Asuna in a set direction since she was young, and herself who couldn't do anything against it ? in other words, she'd tell him everything about her weakness which she had hidden up till now.
Asuna removed her finger from the mobile's button, and quietly pressed the sleep button. After grasping it tightly once, she returned it to her pocket.
She wanted to be strong. A strong will which won't waver for even a moment. The strength to not rely on her fosterers and head towards the direction she hoped for.
But at the same time, a voice cried out that she wanted to be weak. She wanted to be able to not mask herself, and be a weakling which can cry when she wanted to cry. A weakling which can ask others to hug her, protect her, help her.
Snowflakes began to fall. They hit her face, immediately melted and streamed down. Asuna lifted her face, and silently watched the scattered white dots falling in the pale dusk.

Chapter 5
"So, Yuuki, Jun and Thatch are the close-ranged, Taruken and Nori are mid-ranged and Shiune is support."
Asuna rested her chin on her hand, and looked around at the geared Sleeping Knights. They wore light, ordinary clothes when they introduced themselves yesterday, but now they've all changed into Ancient-level equipment.
Like yesterday, «Zekken» Yuuki had a black half-armor and a narrow longsword equipped. The Salamander Jun was outfitted with a copper-red full plate that did not match his short stature, and a great sword almost as tall as him hung on his back.
The large Gnome Thatch was similarly equipped with thick plate armor and carried a large, door-like shield. His weapon was a heavy-looking hammer with protrusions all around.
Taruken, the Leprechaun with glasses, wore a copper-yellow light armor on his rickety body, his weapon was a terrifyingly long lance. To his side stood the sister-like Spriggan Nora, equipped with comfortable, nonmetallic armor and a long iron rod that almost touched the ceiling.
The only one who looked like a caster, the Undine Shiune wore a cleric-styled, white and navy-blue robe, a hat which puffed out like a cake, and carried a thin silver staff in her right hand. Overall, it was a well-balanced party, but if something had to be said, it was slightly weaker in the support department.
"As such, it'll probably be better if I join the back row."
Asuna decided to change her weapon to a short staff which boosted magic. As she spoke, she took off her rapier along with the sword belt on her waist, while Yuuki shrunk back apologetically.
"Sorry, Asuna. You have to linger in the back even though you're such a good rapier user."
"No, I can't tank anyways. Comparatively, Jun and Thatch will need to get knocked around, so the two of you better be prepared."
She smiled mischievously, and looked towards the heavily armored two. The largely physically different Salamander and Gnome glanced at each other, and pounded their chests at the same time.
"Ye-yeah, leave it to us!"
Hearing Jun's high-spirited yet stammered words, all of them laughed out cheerfully.
January 8th, 2026. Wednesday.
It was the last day of Winter vacation. Asuna had agreed to go to the inn at the 27th floor's main block «Ronbaru» at 1 pm and meet the Sleeping Knights once again. Naturally, their goal was to challenge the boss in the deepest part of the dungeon together.
Asuna understood that they had greater expectations for her to provide a strategy which made good use of everyone's talents instead of just statistical fighting ability. Yuuki and the others were all probably equal or better than Asuna in pure strength. However, Asuna had knowledge and experience which they lacked.
Right now, she first had to confirm the details on everyone's builds and equipment, and decide on a basic formation.
Deciding to join the back row, Asuna opened her item window, unequipped her rapier, placed it inside and exchanged it with a staff. It had the appearance of a branch, and there were even leaves at the tip. Although it looks rather shabby from just a glance, in truth, it was a branch taken from the very top of the World Tree. In order to obtain it, one must escape the ferocious attacks of a giant guardian dragon.
"Then,"
Asuna says as she taps the floor with her wand.
"Let's go take a look at the Boss room!"

They exited Ronbaru's inn together and took off into the perpetual night.
As expected of the Sleeping Knights, all of them were capable of voluntary flight, and Asuna once again admired the smoothness of their actions. They didn't seem like people who've just transferred over to ALO at all. Rather than simply being accustomed to VRMMOs, she had to say that they were highly adept at its root, the Full Dive technology. It's true that there'd be a very small number of players who were like that, but despite her vast gaming experience, she only knew very few personally.
What kind of events caused the formation of the guild, to bring together 6 people like this. Thinking about it, today was January 8th, and people start going to school or work in general. Asuna's school had relaxed lesson plans so the third semester didn't start until tomorrow, but normally, it should be rather difficult to get all 6 members of the guild to meet up on a day like this.
Putting their outstanding strength into consideration, it'd be reasonable to come to the conclusion that they're an extremely obsessed group which spent everything they had on the game. However, Asuna felt that this wasn't the case. On the Sleeping Knights' faces, she didn't see the intense self-depreciation which those guilds couldn't erase. All of them enjoyed the game extremely naturally.
Asuna thought about the kind of people they were in real life which was something which she never cared about in the past. Yuuki, who was flying in front, cried out in her usual, spirited voice while Asuna was thinking.
"I can see it, the dungeon!"
Looking intently, opposite the unbroken rows of mountains, a large tower can be seen. The cylindrical tower extends upwards towards the bottom of the next floor. Many crystal hexagonal prisms about the size of small houses stretched out from the base of the tower, hazily illuminating the tower with a blue phosphorescence. At the bottom of the tower, the entrance to the dungeon opened suddenly, leading into the darkness.
They stopped and hovered for a moment, checking for the silhouettes of monsters or other parties around the entrance.
Of course, she has already informed Lisbeth and the others about today's «Sudden Boss Raid». They were all shocked when they heard about «Zekken»'s unexpected request, but they also volunteered to help immediately. Asuna was very glad, but their ultimate goal was to create a final memory together. Since that was the case, it was better not to stir things up too much. Her friends immediately understood her considerations and filled her inventory to the limit with potions they owned before watching her leave.
Kirito, wearing a profound expression since the beginning of the incident, seemed to be deep in thought for an instant, but still encouraged her with a smile and helped persuade Yui not to follow her. In a certain sense, Asuna aiding another guild could be considered an act of betrayal, but her friends still cheered her on. In her heart, Asuna once again thanked those friends of hers, and slowly descended towards the dungeon.
Upon landing upon the slate-gray ground, Asuna copied the six of them and looked up at the giant tower. Tens of times would not even be enough to cover the number of times she had seen this tower stretching towards the upper floors in this manner if counting from the era of the former SAO, but its undeniably majestic figure never failed to overwhelm in a way different from when gazing upon it from the sky.
"... Then, like we've discussed, let's try our best to avoid fights with normal mobs and advance."
As Asuna spoke, the faces of Yuuki and the others tensed as they nodded silently. They stretched their hands towards their waist or behind their back, and unsheathed their weapons with a clink.
The Undine Shiune, who was skilled in magic, lifted her silver staff and cast several buffs successively. The bodies of the seven of them were enveloped in light, and several status icons lit up to the right below their HP bars. After that, the Spriggan Nora cast a spell, providing all of them with night vision. Asuna had also learned a couple of buffs, but Shiune's skill level was higher, so she left it to her.
After their preparations were completed, they once again glanced at each other and nodded. They entered the dungeon, starting with Yuuki in the van.
Shortly after going through the entrance, the natural cave gave way to a slate tiled, man-made tunnel. The surrounding temperature also dropped noticeably, the cold, humid air brushing against Asuna's skin. They'd toiled over this back in SAO as well, but the interiors of the dungeons were unreasonably large and the monsters' levels can't be compared to those in the fields. In addition, like the dungeons on the surface of Alfheim, you can't fly inside. Even though they've already bought the map data from an information center, it'd still take them at least three hours until they reach the boss room.
?This was what she expected, however.
When in just a little over an hour, the giant door appeared before her eyes at the end of a corridor, Asuna was once again left speechless at their strength. Each of them had a good level of combat ability, but what was even more remarkable was their cooperation. Without even a single word, with just a single raised hand or a single movement from Yuuki's small body, they'd stop when they should stop, and charge when they should charge. Basically, Asuna only had to follow along at the back of the party. They only had three encounters with mobs, and under Asuna's direction, they easily won them by killing the leader in an instant and throwing the rest of the mob into confusion.
Dumbstruck, Asuna whispered to Shiune as they headed through the corridor towards the Boss room.
"Am I... really necessary? It feels like there's almost nothing left for me to help you with."
Shiune widened her eyes and shook her head hard.
"No, that isn't the case. Due to Asuna-san's directions, we didn't step into a trap even once and had fairly few battles. We fought the enemies we've encountered directly the previous two times, and we ended up expending quite a lot by the time we got to the Boss room."
"... That's great... ?Hey, Yuuki, stop."
Hearing Asuna's slightly raised voice, the three vanguards stopped walking immediately.
They were over halfway across the corridor leading to the Boss room, and the details of the terrifying decorations on the stone door can already be seen. On the two sides of the corridor stood pillars at regular intervals, but no monsters could be seen in their shadows.
Facing Yuuki and Jun who turned around in surprise, Asuna brought her index finger to her lips as she stared at the space opposite to the final pillar to the left.
The only source of illumination in the corridor came from the blue flames in the braziers at the top of the pillars. Even with Nora's night vision magic, it was still difficult to notice slight movements in the wavering shadows on the stone walls. However, intuitively, Asuna felt that something in her range of sight was wrong.
Asuna signalled them to move back and raised the staff in her right hand. She quickly formed a rather long spell, her left hand held up to chest-level with her palm faced upwards.
As Asuna finished chanting, five transparent-blue fish with wing-like fins appeared in the palm of her hand. She raised them to her face, and gently blew them in her target direction.
Immediately, the fish sprung forth one by one, swimming through the air in a straight line. This was a summon used against concealment spells, ?Searcher?. The five fish fanned out radially, and among them, two entered the flickering air Asuna was locked on to.
Blue lights scattered with a pop. The searchers perished, and inside the flickering air appeared a green membrane which swiftly melted and disappeared.
"Ah!"
Yuuki cried out in shock. Three players suddenly appeared opposite of the pillar, where there was nothing just a while ago.
Asuna quickly took another look. Two Imps, one Sylph, all of them lightly armed and equipped with daggers. Despite that, the grade of their weapons were rather high. She wasn't familiar with them, but she recognized the guild emblem displayed beside the pointer. A horse next to a shield. This was the emblem of the large, well-known guild that continuously cleared the dungeons past the 23rd floor.
In dungeons, it's inappropriate to hide when there were obviously no monsters around. Common sense dictates that this was meant for PKing. Asuna raised her staff once again in order to guard against ranged attacks, and to her side, Yuuki and the party members also readied their weapons.
However, contrary to their expectations, one of the three hurriedly raised a hand and yelled out.
"Stop, stop! We don't want to fight!"
Asuna feeling that his anxiety wasn't an act, lowered her guard and shouted back.
"Then, please sheath your sword!"
The three glanced at each other, and immediately returned their various daggers back to their sheaths. Asuna turned slightly towards Shiune and whispered.
"If they intend to pull out their weapons again, immediately cast «Aqua Bind»."
"I understand. Uwa, this is my first time PVPing in ALO. I'm really nervous."
Rather than nervous, Shiune and the others' eyes shined with excitement. With a faint, bittersweet smile, Asuna turned towards the trio, slowly walked a few steps closer and said.
"If you're not PKing.... For what purpose did you hide?"
After glancing at each other once again, the Imp which appeared to be the leader replied.
"We're waiting to meet up. It'd be troublesome if we got attacked by mobs before our companions arrives, so we hid."
"............"
Although it sounded reasonable, she couldn't shake off the feeling that something was odd. Concealment spells consumed mana at a significant rate while in use, so expensive potions must be used every few seconds. Moreover, if they managed to get to the deepest part of the dungeon, they shouldn't have any need to avoid battles with monsters.
However, she couldn't find a larger flaw in their words. Even though they could kill them and remove any potential problems, getting into a dispute with a large guild would lead to various problems in the future.
Asuna swallowed her doubt, and nodded slightly.
"Understood. ?We're here to challenge the Boss. If your side isn't ready yet, can we go and challenge it first?"
"Ah, of course."
She originally thought that they'd try to dissuade them from challenging the Boss, but unexpectedly, the thin Imp answered immediately. He waved towards his two companions and the three of them retreated back beside the door.
"We'll wait here for our companions. Well, good luck, and farewell."
The Imp smiled and signaled towards his Sylph companion. The Sylph nodded once, raised his hands and began to cast a spell in a practiced manner.
Immediately, a green vortex whirled up at the caster's feet, enveloping the three of them. When the green swirl faded out and swayingly vanished soon afterwards, nobody could be seen there anymore.
"…………"
Asuna looked once again in the direction of the hidden players, but promptly shrugged and turned around to face Yuuki. Despite the tense conversation just now, the girl with the alias Zekken did not look at all afraid, her large, purple eyes sparkling as she looked towards Asuna with her head tilted.
"... Anyways, as planned, let's go and take a look inside.."
With that said, Yuuki smiled happily and nodded.
"Yes, we're finally going! Let's do our best, Asuna!"
"Don't say things like 'taking a look inside', let's charge in and blast him away."
In reply to what Jun said somewhat imposingly, Asuna can only smile and say.
"Yes, of course that's the ideal result, but you don't need to use expensive items to recover. It's fine as long as you try your best within my and Shiune's healing range, understand?"
"Yes, teacher!"
Asuna jabbed Jun's forehead as he jokingly replied, and turned around to look at the other five people in turn as she continued to speak.
"Even if you die, don't immediately respawn in town. Stay and take a good look at the Boss' attack patterns. If we get wiped, we'll return to Ronbaru's save point together. ?And our formation: Jun and Thatch will focus on tanking in the very front, occasionally using provoke to generate hate. Taruken and Nori will attack from the two sides. Yuuki will attack freely and flank the Boss if possible. Finally, Shiune and I will provide support from the back."
"Understood."
As their representative, Thatch responded with a deep voice.
After Shiune swiftly renewed all their buffs, the two vanguards moved forward. Thatch raised the tower shield in his left hand, shouldered the hammer in his right, stood side by side with Jun in front of the giant door and turned around and glanced at Asuna.
Asuna nodded in reply, and Jun who was similarly shouldering his greatsword held his empty left hand against the door, hunched his shoulder and pushed.
The two black, polished stone doors creaked in resistance for an instant, and a thundering rumble rang through the entire corridor as it slowly opened up towards the two sides. Inside was a complete darkness?
Just when she thought that, right next to the door, two braziers kindled with pale white flames followed soon after by two more to the left and right. With a slight delay, innumerable flames lit up tracing a circle. This light show is universal to all floors, starting from when the first brazier is lit and going until the Boss appears can be considered preparation time for the raiders.
The Boss room was completely circular. Its floor was paved with polished black stones and it was fairly open. On the innermost wall was the door which concealed the stairs that lead to the next floor.
"?Let's go!"
The instant Asuna shouted, Jun and Thatch charged into the room. The remaining five also followed and took action immediately.


Right when everyone arrived at their designated positions and readied their weapons ? large, coarse polygons surged out from the center of the room. The black cube-like polygons clashed and combined to form a giant humanoid silhouette, uneven shapes formed at the edges as the amount of information increased continuously.
Finally, innumerable fragments scattered in the air and the Boss materialized.
A black giant over four meters in height. On its muscle-filled body grew two heads and four arms, and in each of its hands was a savage-looking blunt weapon.
The giant stepped forward, and the room immediately shook as though there was an earthquake. Compared to its lower body, its upper body was irregularly large; yet even though its entire body was inclined forward, its head was still considerably far above Asuna and the others.
It looked at the intruders disdainfully out of the corners of its four glowing-red eyes and let out a brutal roar. The upper arms held two battering rams like hammers high, and the two lower arms swung a thick chain strong enough to anchor a cruiser at the floor?

Chapter 6
"Aaaaaaaaaah, we lost, we lost!!"
Nora, who was the last to return, slapped Taruken in the back as she shouted cheerfully.
They were situated in a giant dome-shaped building opposite of Ronbaru's city square, the seven of them were transferred to the Save Crystal erected on the slightly lowered floor in the center of the room. Of course, this meant that they got wiped out from the 27th floor's black giant Boss' ferocious attacks.
"Ugh?? even though we tried so hard..."
As Yuuki's shoulders sagged in dismay, Asuna suddenly grabbed her by the collar.
"Fue?"
Asuna dragged the surprised Yuuki along and ran to one of the room's corners.
"Everyone come over here quickly!"
Jun and the others, who originally planned to return to the inn to rest and reflect on the previous fight, ran over with their mouths opened.
There was nobody else around the «Respawn Point», but just in case, Asuna gathered everyone in a place where they couldn't be heard from the outside and said:
"We don't have time to rest. Do you remember the three people in front of the Boss room?"
"Yeah, I do."
Shiune nodded.
"They're scouts sent out by guilds that specialize in hunting Bosses, their goal is to monitor players outside the alliance that challenge them. You must have been seen by them before you entered the Boss room on the previous floor and also the one before that."
"Eh... We didn't even notice..."
"I'm afraid that their goal isn't to stop you from challenging the Boss, but to gather information. This may be a bit rude, but they're using a small guild like the Sleeping Knights as a sacrificial pawn to figure out the Boss' attack patterns and weakness. This way, they don't need to lose experience due to the death penalty and can also save quite a bit of potion costs."
At this point, the spectacled Taruken raised his right hand and asked:
"Bu-but, the door immediately closed behind us after we entered the Boss room. They, they can't even see our battle, so how do they gather info?"
"That was my oversight... Right before the battle ended, I noticed a small, gray newt squirming around Jun's feet. That's Dark Magic «Peeping» ?? A spell that summons a familiar that can be attached to a designated player, allowing the caster to steal a look from the player's viewpoint. The instant it's cast, an icon indicating a debuff should appear for about a second..."
"Eh, that's bad, I didn't notice it at all."
Hearing Asuna's explanation, a look of remorse covered Jun's face. Everybody softly patted him in the back.
"Don't say that, I should have warned everyone in advance. It must have been mixed in when Shiune was renewing everyone's buffs right before we entered the room. There were so many icons appearing at that time, so it's natural that you didn't notice an extra one."
"... Speaking of which, can it be..."
Yuuki's eyes widened as she clenched her hands in front of her chest and shouted:
"Both the 25th and 26th floors' Bosses getting defeated immediately after we got wiped wasn't just a coincidence!"
Even though Yuuki was fairly shocked, there wasn't a hint of anger or resentment in her voice. Once again feeling renewed respect for Yuuki, Asuna nodded and replied:
"You're probably correct. Your unrelenting attacks exposed even the Bosses' last resorts, which is why they were able to do it in one fell swoop."
"That, that means..."
Shiune furrowed her brow and whispered:
"This time we've once again acted as sacrificial pawns...?"
"How can this be..."
Right when the remaining five's shoulder were about to droop following Nora's sigh, Asuna hit Yuuki's armor.
"No, we still have a chance!"
"Eh...? Asuna, what do you mean...?"
"Right now it's around 2:30 in the afternoon, even a large alliance will have a hard time gathering dozens of people, it'll probably take at least an hour. We'll take action now ?? Listen up, we'll finish our discussion in five minutes, and then rush back to the Boss room within thirty!"
"Eeeh???"
Even this group, consisting of top players, can't help but shout in astonishment this time. Looking around her at the rest of them, a smile appeared on Asuna's face ?? a prideful smile extremely similar to a certain someone's.
"We can do it. And ?? we can definitely defeat the Boss with just the few of us."
"Re-Really?"
Yuuki leaned so far forward that her nose almost crashed into Asuna, and Asuna faced her and nodded.
"All we have to do is calmly attack its weak point. This is my strategy. This floor's Boss is a Giant type. Even though its multiple arms are a little troublesome to deal with, it's still much easier to manage than atypical ones which have no real front or back. Its attack patterns include swinging down its hammers, sweeping with the steel chains and a charge with its head lowered. It'll start using a wide range breath attack at half health, and once it drops into the red it'll even use an eight-hit sword skill utilizing its four weapons..."
Asuna placed a holographic image display on the ground, switched over to the input screen and quickly drew images of the Boss' attack patterns. She then listed out ways to defend against these attacks.
"... Therefore Jun and Thatch can just disregard attacks from the steel chains and focus their attention on the hammers. Next is its weak points ?? If its hammer hits the ground, it'll take about 0.7 seconds for it to recover. Nora and Taruken should take advantage of this opening to use powerful skills. Also, it has plenty of openings behind him. Yuuki can just remain behind its back and use charge type sword skills. Be careful though, its chains will also sweep behind its back. The way to defend against its breath attack...."
Since the time she worked as the sub-leader of the Knights of the Blood, this was the first time she has spoken so much in a strategy meeting. As she thought to herself, Asuna continued to rapidly explain to them her strategy, and the six of them nodded as they listened to her seriously.
Asuna felt that it was almost as though she were a school teacher, and promptly finished the strategy meeting within four minutes. She then opened up her inventory to materialize the vast amounts of potions she bought using their budget and the gifts she received from Lisbeth and the others.
All kinds of glass bottles constantly appeared on the floor with a clack. Asuna divided the health potions based on the amount of damage they received in the battle just now, and placed the mana potions in her and Shiune's bags. With that, all of their preparations were completed.
Asuna straightened her back, swept her eyes across everyone's faces once again, smiled and nodded.
"I'll repeat once again, if it's you... No, if it's us, we will definitely defeat that Boss. I, who've battled here since long ago, can guarantee you this."
Yuuki's usual brilliant, innocent smile immediately spread across her face, and she confidently said:
"My feelings were correct, it's great that we were able to have Asuna help us. Even if we fail, these feelings of mine will not change. Thank you ?? Asuna."
The other five nodded in unison. Shiune, who appeared to be the sub-leader, added in her clear, gentle voice:
"I'm really thankful. I've once again ascertained that Yuuki's decision to bring you here was correct, you're the person we've long-awaited."
Asuna desperately tried to suppress the feelings welling up inside her, raised a finger and winked??
"... Words like these should be left for the afterparty. Now... once again, let's try our best!"

* * *
Once again taking flight from Ronbaru's streets, the seven of them flew to the dungeon at an indescribably fast speed. They flew out through the shortest route, and got eyed on by the field mobs. However, the gang kept on using Nori's illusions and got past the mobs as they dashed through.
They took merely 5 minutes to reach the tower, and then flew into the entrance without hesitation. They took the shortest path to the top floor. Even though they couldn't break through the monster mobs in the narrow dungeon, Absolute Sword Yuuki activated her ability at this moment and instantly sliced the enemy leader.
As the timer was set past 28 minutes, the corridor leading to the boss room finally appeared in front of them. This long and narrow passage was curled slightly to the left, and the spiral-shaped road led to the middle of the tower.
"Thank goodness. There's still 2 minutes!!"
Jun shouted excitedly and ran past Yuuki.
"Hey, wait!"
Yuuki raised her right hand and gave chase.
In that case, we should be able to disrupt the guild alliance. Thinking about this, Asuna started to run forward desperately too. The group of people continued to run in circles and up the corridor, arriving in front of the gates leading to the boss' room??
"...!!"
However, the scene in front of the gates made Asuna gulp. Jun and Yuuki, who were running in front, used their boots to scrape the ground and stopped quickly.
"Wha...What's going, on...!?"
Nori blankly muttered beside Asuna.
At the final 30m leading to the boss room, approximately 20 players blocked the way to the boss' room.
These people were of assorted tribes, but the only common point between them was that every one of them had a guild emblem beside the cursor, just like the trio that were hiding at the door.
??We didn't make it!? They unexpectedly gathered so many people so quickly at such a short time... Asuna bemoaned deep inside, but found that something wasn't right. There were still too few people to conquer a boss. 20 people, 3 parties. There wasn't enough to make 7 parties, 49 players altogether.
The members that should be taking part in this conquest were probably not here yet. It was truly daring to choose the gathering point at the deepest part of the dungeon, and one could tell that these people were rather impatient.
Asuna walked beside Yuuki, who was murmuring with a nervous voice, and whispered to her ear that was covered by the deep purple hair,
"Don't worry. Looks like we still have a chance to challenge it."
"...Really?"
Yuuki finally heaved a sigh of relief at this moment. Asuna lightly patted on her shoulder and quickly walked towards the group. The other party's stares were all focused on Asuna and company, yet they didn't show any surprise or tension. One could even say that these people were looking forward to a show that was about to begin.
Asuna ignored their expressions and stood directly in front of the crowd, saying to the male Gnome player who looked like he had the most expensive looking armor.
"Sorry, we want to challenge the boss. Can you please make way?"
However, the Gnome that folded his thick arms as if trying to display them actually said something Asuna didn't expect,
"Sorry, this place is currently sealed off."
"Sealed off...What do you mean?"
Asuna, who couldn't say anything for the time being, finally squeezed out this question. The Gnome twitched his eyebrows in an exaggerated manner, and then said in a rare calm tone,
"Our guild's going to challenge it next. We're still preparing. Just wait here for a moment."
"For a moment...how long?"
"Well, about an hour."
At this point, Asuna finally understood their intentions. They were just the scouting group assigned in front of the boss room, collecting information. Once other groups that could possibly defeat it appeared, they would try to force a physical barricade through numbers.
Recently, Asuna heard of some high level guilds creating problems by occupying hunting points, but unexpectedly, they would show such brazenly occupation. Wasn't this similar to the Army that savagely governed old Aincrad?
Asuna tried her best to suppress her anger and finally said in a calm tone,
"We can't wait for that long. It's different if you want to challenge it, but if not, please let us in."
"You're sorta right..."
But the Gnome shamelessly continued,
"But we came first. You have to get in line."
"Then you should have prepared before coming here. We have to wait for an hour even though we can attack anytime. That's unfair."
"That's why even if you grumble, I can't help out. This is the higher-ups' orders. If you have any disagreements, go over to the guild headquarters to negotiate. Our headquarters is at the World Tree city."
"IT'LL REALLY TAKE AN HOUR TO GET THERE!!"
Unable to bear with this anymore, Asuna finally shouted. She then bit her lips and took a deep breath to calm herself down.
No matter how they negotiated, it seemed that the other party didn't intend to move aside. What should they do?
They didn't know if they could strike a deal with the boss drops items and the Yield. Probably not, as the allure to beating the boss wasn't just about the drops, but also the vast skill-up points and the real reward of leaving their names on the Monument of Swordsmen. These guys probably won't accept such conditions.
If this were some other VRMMO, they could complain to the GM about such acts that defy net-gaming etiquette. However, the ideal player argument in ALO was to be settled amongst players. GMs basically only handled system errors.
The Gnome shot a glance at Asuna, who was at her wits end, and thought that negotiations were done and got ready to return to his allies.
At this moment, Yuuki, who was standing behind Asuna, shot out,
"Oi, you..."
«Absolute Sword» used that ever energetic voice to ask the Gnome that stopped and turned around,
"You mean that you don't intend to let us through no matter how we ask, correct?"
"??To be honest, that's the case."
After hearing Yuuki's direct words, the Gnome couldn't help but blink. However, he immediately regained that arrogant attitude and nodded. Yuuki merely smiled and said,
"Is that so? Can't be helped then. We can only use force."
"Wha...what!?"
"Ehh!?"
The Gnome and Asuna let out cries of shock at the same time.
ALO was truly a game that had the selling point of 'being able to attack players unconditionally in a neutral area'. All the players will resort to using their weapons to vent their dissatisfactions, and this code obviously existed in the game instructions.
However, in addition to being an actual rule, there's still some hidden taboo to attacking players. Players have to take note if they're taking on a large guild. That's because even if they win, the guild in question may send out a large-scale attack for revenge, and would sometimes even bring their resentment to the net community outside the game. Right now, not many players would challenge a large guild aside from those who were already aiming to PK at the beginning.
"Yu...Yuuki, that's..."
Asuna's mouth was wide open, yet she couldn't let out a voice as she didn't know how to explain this. However, Yuuki merely smiled and patted her on the shoulder and said,
"Asuna, some things have to be done through forceful means for the other party to understand. For example, right now, we should show them how serious we are."
"Yeah, you're right."
Behind them, Jun nodded in agreement. Asuna turned back and found that the other 5 members wielded their weapon as if it was normal.
"Everyone..."
"These people who are sealing this place off should be prepared to defend this place to the last man."
Yuuki again turned her eyes to look at the Gnome, tilted her head and said to him,
"Isn't that right?"
"Ah...erm, we..."
The petite Imp girl immediately drew her longsword at her waist right in front of the guy who hasn't recovered from the shock, and pointed it at the sky. The smile on her lips vanished, and her eyes showed a stern glint??
"Now, draw your weapon."
The Gnome that was devoured by Yuuki's presence undid the large battleaxe at his waist and easily made a posture to attack.
At the next moment, the petite Imp girl stormed through the entire corridor like a whirlwind.
"NUAA...!!"
Having finally understood what was going on, the Gnome pricked his nose and roared, moving the large axe in his hands. However, his movements were really too slow. Yuuki's obsidian longsword left a dark trail before swinging up from below and stabbed it straight into the center of the guy's chest.
"GUU!!"
Yuuki used this hit to make the Gnome, who was much more muscular than her, lose his balance. She then added on with a straight uppercut. The longsword let out a heavy sound, slashed into the Gnome's shoulder, and caused the HP bar to decrease drastically.
"NUOOOHHH!!"
The guy finally let out a roar of anger and raised his battleaxe as he got ready to swing it down at Yuuki. This player was really a player who's a squad captain of a famous guild as his attacks were really fast. However, «Absolute Sword» Yuuki merely continued to swing the sword in her swords without hurry.
*DING!* A sharp metallic sound rang, and the trajectory of the axe was deflected slightly, grazing past Yuuki's red hair by several centimeters above the head. Normally, weapons can only use the «Parrying» skill when facing weapons of similar weight. However, Yuuki's thin longsword that looked no different from a rapier deflected the large battleaxe. This was due to the lightning-quick swinging speed. It's impossible to be so agile unless the player avatar, nerves and the AmuSphere that links them both are all as one.
How much experience did she have to gain just to reach that level? Asuna looked really amazed as she watched Yuuki fight in front of her. At this moment, Yuuki's sword started to let out a blue glow. She activated a sword skill.
The Gnome warrior's feet were unstable as he was parried by a full-force attack, and a stab, a horizontal slash, a slice down and an uppercut; four attacks in all exploded as they were aimed at his face. The light blue the tip of the sword drew out surrounded the Gnome's body and let out an intense glow. This was the straight 4 consecutive hit «Vertical Square»
"GUAA...!!"
With a cry, the Gnome's body was blown several meters away and landed on the ground. The HP bar immediately dropped into the red zone. He must have realized this as his eyes that were glancing at the upper right corner seemed to bulge out from their sockets.
As his eyes went back to Yuuki, the expression on his face went from shock to anger.
"Tha...That's despicable, attacking like that all of a sudden...!"
As the leader started to yell back in a seemingly random manner, about 20 of his allies finally managed to recover and got into battle mode. The players that were in charge of the frontlines scattered and drew their weapons.
Asuna instinctively drew her World Tree wand and repeated what Yuuki said inside her mind.
??Asuna, some things have to done through forceful means for the other party to understand.
This definitely wasn't something thought up randomly at the last moment, but a belief this mysterious girl called Yuuki had. That's because she always followed this example. She would challenge countless opponents on the streets in duels and use this to interact with them.
...I see...you're kind of right in that sense...
As Asuna wordlessly muttered, her face subconsciously showed a smile. If she continued to back away because she was scared of fighting against other people or revenge, the meaning of playing VRMMO will be lost. The sword at her waist wasn't a mere ornament, and it definitely wasn't some heavy burden.
Asuna took a step forward with determination and arrived beside Yuuki. Jun and Shiune were standing beside Asuna, and Thatch, Nori and Taruken were standing beside Yuuki.
Perhaps the enemy that outnumbered this group of 7, three to one, seemed to realize something as they couldn't help but back away.
Then, what broke this tense atmosphere??
Wasn't the enemy in front, but the numerous footsteps that came all the way here. The Gnome warrior looked over behind Asuna and company and showed a smile of victory.
"...!"
Asuna gasped and thought Why at such an inopportune time? and turned her head around. Numerous colored cassocks then appeared in front of them. Most of the guild emblems shown were a «Sagittarius», but some of them were the emblems of a «Shield and Horse». In other words, the people that came were the other half of the alliance the Gnome was waiting for, and there should be about 30 of them.
Even if Yuuki was that powerful, it's hard to win when being pinned down by an enemy that's 7 times their size on both front and back. The spells and arrows that can be fired from behind would be enough to wear their HP down to nothing.
??All because of my hesitation...
Asuna felt regret as she bit her lips tight. If she had followed Yuuki's belief right from the beginning, they could have at least broken through the 20 people in front of them and entered the boss room.
Just as Asuna was about to open her mouth and apologize, Yuuki, who was on her left, tapped her hand. The Imp girl's emotions were passed through the skin in the virtual world.
??Sorry, Asuna. My impatience dragged you down. But I don't regret doing this. Ever since we met, I've never seen you show such a beautiful smile.
Asuna held Yuuki's hand and answered this whisper that seemed to appear in her mind.
??I should be the one apologizing for not being able to help out. We might not be able to do it on this level, but we'll definitely beat the next level's boss.
Shiune and company seemed to feel the duo's interactions as they all nodded, formed a circle and faced the enemies on both sides. The 30 people that came rushing in front behind seemed to have understood the current situation as everyone drew their weapons.
Right now, they could only fight until the end. Asuna made her decision and raised her shortwand to chant the offensive spell. On seeing her actions, the Cait Sith claw warrior revealed his carnivorous nature and yelled,
"STILL STRUGGLING TILL THE END..."
??But just when he was about to declare victory.
Something that was far beyond Asuna and all the players' expectations happened.
"That...That is...?"
The one who first noticed the anomaly was Nori, who had the nightvision ability. A second later, Asuna witnessed the phenomenon too.
At this moment, the enemy forces were already 20m in front of them, however, behind them, on the gradually curved wall of the corridor, there was a kind of...or rather, a certain person was dashing over here. As it was really too fast, only a black shadow could be seen.
That's the «Wall Run» that all lightweight elves could use. The only ones who could use them were Sylphs, Undines, Cait Siths, Imps and Spriggans. Normally, 10m would be the limit, but the shadow in front of them ran for about 30m. This highly difficult action can only be done through an exaggerated sprinting speed.
The moment she realized this, or rather, the moment she saw that vague figure, Asuna knew who that intruder was.
The profile ran at a really fast speed, dashed on the wall, past the reinforcements, and easily landed on the ground. His speed slowed down with the large amount of sparks caused by the sparks on the soles rubbing against the ground. He arrived in between the main forces and Asuna's company and stopped while facing Asuna's group.
That person was wearing tight-fitting black leather pants and a black longcoat, had short black hair that was bucked aside, and had a slightly large one-handed sword on his back.
Also, the black leather scabbard had a pure white wyvern emblem on it. That was the trademark of the «Lisbeth Weapons shop» that was opened at the streets of the world tree city. The sword was forged from a rare metal from Jötunheimr; it was a masterpiece from a close friend of Asuna.
The right hand of the black-clothed swordsman quickly reached for the light blue blade from behind, and then *Clang!* stabbed it into the stone floor beside him. The 30 veteran explorers all stopped like they were shocked by his presence.
Then, the words this uninvited guest said actually echoed what the Gnome said to Asuna.
"Sorry, this place is currently sealed off."
This voice was rather clear even though there was no feeling of deposition, and caused the group of 30 that just appeared, the 20 people behind Asuna, and the Sleeping Knights to be completely speechless.


The first one who responded at this defiant attitude was a skinny Salamander that was standing at the front of the reinforcements. He shook his dark red hair and gave a look of disbelief and said,
"Oi oi, «Blackie». Even you can't stop so many of us here, right?"
This swordsman who was called lots of nicknames because of his black attire shrugged and answered,
"Really? Why don't we try it?"
This thick-skinned attitude caused the Salamander, who seemed to be the leader of the guild alliance, smile wryly and raise his right hand.
"That's true. Then, try it...mages, roast him."
*BACHK!* Once he said that, this person snapped his fingers, and the back of the group immediately chanted their spell words quickly. Whether it was the response or the voices, one could tell that they were highly trained. Asuna wanted to chant a healing spell, but the 20 advance troops that were closing in from behind wouldn't allow her to do so.
At this moment, the Spriggan that entered tilted his head slightly.
Ever since both of them knew each other, and even when the avatars were different, Asuna saw that confident smile on his left cheek countless times. The next moment, the glow of the spells shot out behind that human wall and immediately covered a black shadow over that smile.
The «Black Swordsman» Kirito saw the seven high-level attack spells that were shot at him and didn't react at all. No, it was too late for him to react. All the spells were of the «Single Homing» type, and there's no way to dodge these attacks through movement in this 5m wide corridor where he couldn't fly.
Kirito drew the longsword and rested it on his right shoulder. At this moment, the blade let out a dark red light effect. It was a sword skill??
The next moment, all sorts of colored lights, explosions and the shocked expressions of more than 50 people filled the entire narrow hall.
Kirito used the 7 consecutive hit skill «Deadly Sins» to take on all the attack spells that came over... or rather, 'sliced' them up.
"No...No way..."
Even the «Absolute Sword» Yuuki could only mutter in disbelief. Asuna could understand her feelings, but if she herself was shocked by this level of exaggeration, reckless and radical actions, she couldn't be a friend of this VRMMO player called Kirito.
This was Kirito's own skill that was created outside the system, called «Spell Blast».
Kirito's specialty in old Aincrad was to use the sword skills to attack the weak points of the enemy's weapons instead of attacking the enemy, the outside system skill called «Arms Blast». Though that amazing skill itself required superhuman reflexes and extremely intricate aiming skills, it was harder to slice spells here in ALO.
As attack spells themselves aren't solid physical objects, and they look like a mass of light effects, the 'hit designation' can only be created when hitting the center of the spells. Also, the center of the spell must not be hit by an ordinary attack, but by a sword skill that hits it at the point at high speeds. That's because the solid nature of a normal weapon couldn't negate magic. In contrast, a sword skill would have some form of elemental damage like earth, water, fire, wind, light and darkness. However, it was already beyond insane to try to capture the center of the spell when using a sword swing that couldn't be controlled due to system assistance, and almost impossible.
In fact, Lyfa, Klein and Asuna themselves once tried to learn this «Spell Blast» skill with Kirito, and had to give up after 3 days. Even Kirito himself noted that he gained experience from 'Using a sword to slice bullets' in the other world called «Gun Gale Online» when he transferred there. On hearing Kirito say with a straight face 'No high speed spell will ever be faster than a rifle bullet', even Asuna, who was already at the level of being unsurprised by just about anything, could only stand there in shock.
Because of this reason, one could tell that Kirito was likely, no, definitely the only person who could use the «Spell Blast» skill in Alfheim. And he secretly trained this himself, and never used this in a duel or a group hunt, so now it should be the first time a large guild saw this for once.
"...What in the world..."
The long-haired Salamander muttered out, and from behind, they could hear voices 'He sliced magic!' 'That's not a coincidence, right?' 'That's why I said...' and all sorts of voices.
However, the other party was a guild that specializes in taking down the boss and reacted. Under the Salamander's orders, the frontline fighters drew their weapons, the rangers showed their lances and arrows, and the backup started chanting again. This time, it didn't look to be a «single homing» type, but also seemed to include «multi-homing» types and «Area ballistic» types.
Kirito again turned around, nodded quickly at Asuna, and pointed 3 fingers with his left hand.
Of course, this wasn't a victory sign to change the situation, but one with the meaning 'I'll help you stall them for 3 minutes'. Of course, he didn't think that he could beat 30 enemies alone.
At this moment, Asuna finally understood the reason why Kirito appeared here.
Once he heard Asuna say that she wanted to help the Sleeping Knights conquer this level, he knew that the gang would be obstructed by a large guild. Kirito was most likely lurking in the entrance area of the dungeon, and noticed the guild alliance's movements. Once he saw that Asuna and company couldn't fight off against such numbers, he intended to sacrifice himself to buy time as he caught up.
3 minutes. 180 seconds. It would be a twinkle of an eye in the house of forests, but it would be a long time in a fight against players. Asuna didn't doubt Kirito's ability, but could he really hang on for 3 minutes against so many people? Would it be wise to send someone to escort Kirito from the gang of 7 here...?
Just when Asuna was hesitating about this, two things interrupted her thoughts.
First, Kirito put his left hand behind his back and grabbed onto the hilt of the second sword he materialized, and drew it with a clear sound. That was a glamorous looking golden longsword. It wasn't made by a swordsmith, but a legendary weapon sealed in the deepest parts of the underground water Jötunheimr, the «Holy Sword Excaliber». In order to get this sword, the gang got Lyfa's friend, the flying-type evil-god «Tonkii» to reach the limit of the party and challenge it. They had to face near complete annihilation in the boss battles. However, the back of Kirito's profile as he went back to using two swords became ever so reliable, and Asuna felt that the hard work back then was worth it.
The pressure released by the golden longsword called the backup to slowly back away. As if taking advantage of the moment the enemy wavered, a roar suddenly echoed right from the back of the group.
"UWOOOAAAAAAHHH!!! I'M HERE TOO, EVEN THOUGH YOU CAN'T SEE ME!!!"
That somewhat crude and hoarse voice was undoubtedly from that familiar katana user Klein. Asuna couldn't help but tiptoe to look behind, and could barely see that straight flowing red hair that was tied with a bandana. It seemed that Kirito wasn't the only one who came to inspect the dungeon. But why did he appear after some time?
"TOO SLOW. WHAT IN THE WORLD WERE YOU DOING!?"
On the human wall side, Kirito shouted out, and on the opposite end, Klein yelled back,
"SORRY, I GOT LOST!!"
Asuna nearly fell down, but steadied herself, and noticed that little figure that was waving over from Kirito's shoulder. It was the navigation pixie Yui, who was also their 'daughter'. Her cute smile showed a ray of warmth into Asuna's heart.
??Thank you Yui-chan, thank you, Klein.
??I love you the most, Kirito-kun.
After muttering this deep inside her heart, Asuna immediately whispered to Yuuki beside her.
"We should be alright if we leave this to them. Just focus on breaking through the 20 people in front of us and head into the boss room."
"Okay, got it." Yuuki blinked a few times, and then answered with a clear voice.
She turned around, looking like she was going to activate her sword skill and raised the sword above her head. Jun and Shiune on her right and Thatch, Nori and Taruken on her left noticed the purple light effect and got into battle positions.
The 20 member advance party that hadn't grasped the situation completely and the Gnome warrior who was the leader noticed Asuna's company actions and got ready to fight back.
As the sound of magic and sword skills clashing resounded behind, Asuna yelled,
"...LET'S GO!"
With Yuuki leading, the 7 of them got into a wedge formation and rushed out. The Gnome and his followers roared and charged over.
The moment both sides clashed, *GAGAANN!!* The sound of impact exploded, and several light effects appeared at the same time. A chaotic battle royale began, and every corner of the corridor was filled with the sound of blades clashing against each other.
Asuna had personally experienced Yuuki's skills by dueling her, and at this point, she could tell that the other members were comparable. Even when fighting players, rather than the usual monsters, they were able to swing their weapons and fight.
Jun's two-handed sword and Thatch's heavy mace were both able to use their weights to break the enemy down from the front. Taruken's long spear and Nori's quarterstaff would attack during the opening. Yuuki herself used her superb dodging ability to easily dodge past several blades that were closing in on her and rush into the enemy's clutches, using devastating slashes to attack.
When facing the enemy that outnumbered them, the members of the Sleeping Knights could be said to be fighting valiantly. However, the enemy group wouldn't break like that ?? that's because the mages behind continued to chant healing spells.
In this huge battle, there would be some unexpected damage. Other than Yuuki, the other members' HP were starting to decrease. Asuna and Shiune started to chant their healing spells.
At this moment, 2 shadows from the enemies came rushing over them. They were assassin-type players with sharp daggers and wearing light leather armor.
Asuna noticed that these were the Sylphs that were hidden in front of the boss room several minutes ago, and instinctively changed her spell. She used her specialty speed chant to finish reciting in 2 seconds. The two Sylphs had light streams of water appearing at their feet, and their feet that were bound caused them to fall.
Using this opening, Asuna whispered to Shiune, who finished casting the healing spell.
"Can you take care of the healing on your own?"
The Undine who was slightly taller than Asuna immediately nodded her head.
"Yeah, I should just be able to do it."
"I'll deal with the enemy healers then."
It's been a few minutes since the battle started, and the sounds from behind started to become more and more intense. This should be the result of Kirito and Klein charging into the enemy's group to prevent magic attacks. However, they didn't have any healers, and couldn't heal all sorts of unexpected damage. Kirito said that he could hang on for 3 minutes, but it would be best if they could break through the enemy within 2 minutes to repay their sacrifice. It would be best to end this battle quick.
Asuna quickly called her window, put the wand into her item inventory and switched to the rapier she loved to use. At once, a silver glow appeared at her waist, materializing a sword belt knitted from mithril thread, and a scabbard of the same material.
*SHCHANK!* The long, thin blade was drawn out. First, she ran over to the 2 Sylphs that were held up by the restraining spell «Aqua Bind», and mercilessly attacked their vital points to cause their HP bar to vanish immediately.
She peeked through the remnants of the avatars that shattered in front of her and looked over at where the battle was proceeding. It seemed that every corner of the corridor was filled with players maniacally swinging the blades in their hands, but if she had to put it, the right side was the one with less people.
Asuna took a deep breath, adjusted her breathing, and forcefully kicked the ground. She put the rapier in her right hand at her waist and sprinted. Once she reached a certain speed, she shouted at Yuuki, who was fighting with her back facing Asuna,
"YUUKI! DODGE!"
"He...!?—AA!?"
Yuuki tilted her head slightly, checked that Asuna was rushing over, and hurriedly dodged. Asuna aimed at the Gnome leader, standing still with his axe out, and thrust a sword strike out in a straight manner right as she got into a forward-bent posture.
*BAA!!* The sword let out some white flashes, and several lights surrounded Asuna. Asuna immediately felt a floating sensation, and she grew a long tail like a comet before rushing forward with tremendous speed.
"UWAAAHHH!!!"
The Gnome that was finally able to move readied the two-handed axe and was ready to use it as a shield. However, Asuna was faster, and the front tip of the rapier touched his body.
The Gnome looked like a monster that lost control as he was blown up into the air. He was about to have his HP whittled down to zero thanks to Yuuki, and was blown into yellow lights and scattered while in the air.
Having turned into a white comet, Asuna didn't slow down even after dealing with one person as she rushed over to the healers. The 3-4 people that were in the way and their leaders were blown aside. Some flew into the air, and some sat on the ground. She was using the strongest long distance thrust sword skill for rapiers, the «Flashing Penetrator». A lot of running was required to use this skill, so almost no one would use this in a 1 v 1 duel. However, it was very effective when breaking through people.
Asuna immediately pierced through the metal wall of armor and shields before gliding forward for about several meters. At this moment, she finally landed on the ground of the dungeon. She used the heel of her boots as brakes, creating lots of sparks in the process, and knelt on the ground on one leg before lifting her head. The four casters, wearing robes and cassocks, could only look down blankly at Asuna.
??It looked like the infamous nickname «Berserk Healer» became even better known now.
Asuna thought as she forcefully dragged the rapier in her right hand back.
The most important thing in a group battle wasn't the ability of the members fighting at the frontlines, but the status of the backup group supporting them from behind, Asuna fervently eliminated the opposing healers, and the frontlines were crushed by Yuuki, who had Shiune and the rest helping.
The total time taken was 2 minutes and 8 seconds.
Looking back, she immediately saw that Kirito and Klein were still fighting intently against the reinforcements. The enemy had already lost a lot of members, but the duo's HP bars were near the red region as shown by the cursor colors.
Deep within her heart, Asuna again thanked the two of them and Yui, who was on Kirito's shoulder acting as the tactical radar.
She immediately turned around and shouted at all of the Sleeping Knights, who managed to survive,
"ALRIGHT, IT'S THE MAIN SHOW NOW! LET'S GO BEAT THE BOSS!!"
The six of them immediately shouted alright and kicked the ground to dash towards the black gate leading to the boss room with Asuna.
Like their first challenge, Jun placed his left hand on the gates. The gates let out a heavy sound and opened both doors, shooting out 2 rows of bluish-white flames.
The time taken for the flames to form a circle would be the time taken for the gate to remain open for those still outside, but there was no need to wait. The seven of them immediately flew in. Asuna was the last one to rush in, and immediately turned around to press the stone button that was set on the right wall. This was the button to cancel the one minute waiting time.
The door let out a loud boom, and slowly closed on both left and right sides, and the intense battle behind was reaching its critical moment.
The black-clothed swordsman whose HP bar became bright red raised his right hand. He then pointed two fingers, this time really showing the V-sign to Asuna.
Once the boss room gate closes completely, they wouldn't be able to hear any voices from the corridor. Nobody will then be able to open this gate unless the fight inside ends.
In complete silence, fire would continue to rise every two seconds. Right now, the fire filled half the room. In other words, there were about 50 seconds before the boss appears.
"Everyone, hurry up and use potions to recover HP and MP. We'll proceed with the conquest as according to the plan in the meeting. The attack pattern at first will be simple. Just dodge them calmly."
After hearing Asuna's words, the six of them nodded slightly and started taking out red or blue bottles.
Asuna noticed that they still had something to say after drinking their potions, and showed a puzzled look. Yuuki then stepped forward to represent them and spoke,
"Asuna...those two came to help us and..."
"...Yeah."
Asuna smiled and nodded. Right now, Kirito and Klein should have their HP worn out and becoming little «Remain Lights». No, even if they remained there, nobody would revive them, so they should return to the respawn point.
Thinking that Yuuki and the rest would be worried about the duo that became sacrifices, Asuna continued to stare at everyone and said in a clear voice,
"Let's beat the boss to repay their intentions."
"But...we're always relying on you and your friends..."
Yuuki bit her lips, and the hair that had a red headband on it drooped down as well. However, Asuna merely patted Yuuki's shoulders. There were still 10 seconds until the boss appears. The Undine used this moment to say something important.
"You taught me something important too, Yuuki. Didn't you say that «Some things have to be done through forceful means for the other party to understand»?"
Yuuki's eyes widened, but Shiune and the other five immediately understood what Asuna was trying to say. As the fairies smiled and nodded, the last of the flames shot out to the sky behind them.
"Now, this is the last time! The guild just now will definitely try to regroup while we're battling and gather at the corridor. We have to work hard and show them the victory sign when the door opens!"
As the sub-leader of the «Knights of the Blood», she would also encourage everyone before a boss fight. However, the words Asuna said back then would only cause her allies to tense up. Those were words that would make them grip their swords hard, but wouldn't allow them to resonate with their hearts. That's because Asuna only thought of how to effectively command people, and never show their real feelings.
...Yuuki, once this battle is over, tell me more about you, like what journeys you went throughout the world and what adventures you had.
With such feelings, Asuna forcefully grabbed Yuuki's shoulder guards and stepped back. At this moment, she sheathed her rapier again and raised the World Tree wand up high.
In front of them, a deep bellowing began along with the formation of a rock-like polygon. The boss was about to appear. The four-armed giant leaped out as the humanoid-looking blocks were blown aside.
"Alright...let's challenge it again!"
On hearing Yuuki's heroic voice, everyone's increasing momentum matched the black giant's roars.

Chapter 7
Asuna used her thumb to flick open the cap of a small bottle and gulped down the blue liquid inside. She then checked the remaining amount of mana potions.
The potions that filled her pockets were used up during the 40 minute long intense battle, and she was left with three. Shiune, who was also acting as the healer alongside her, should have about the same amount as Asuna.
The few people who were in charge of the frontal assault seemed to be worn out. They tried their best to avoid the dodgeable attacks of the black giant's attack patterns, but they couldn't avoid the giant's toxic wide-ranged breath and the all-directional attack of the two metal chains swinging about crazily. While these attacks appeared, Asuna and Shiune could only continue to chant the highest level spells for healing, so their mana points continued to dwindle like flowing water.
Even though Nori's stick, Taruken's spear and Yuuki's sword managed to hit the giant precisely, it felt like they were hitting an iron wall that wouldn't be damaged no matter how much they attacked. The boss would occasionally put its four arms in front of its body to defend itself, and when it did so, it would be able to deflect everything like metal, and the sense of futility continued to increase.
Asuna swallowed the anxiety that was rising up her throat along with the potion, and energetically said to everyone,
"Everyone, we're going to make it! Just a little more!"
—Even so, 5 minutes ago, she was shouting the same words. As there weren't any HP bars shown on the boss monsters of the floors in New Aincrad, they could only guess its HP through movements. The black giant that was slow and dormant at first could be said to have gone completely berserk. They could confirm that he didn't have much health left, but this of course was merely an overly optimistic guess.
In such an overly long battle where there was no end in sight, the backup players behind normally needed to use up mana points, but the front players withstanding the enemy's onslaught had to use their mental strength and concentration. In a normal boss battle, they would have to switch a tank at the front after a maximum of 5 minutes. From this, one could tell how much the Sleeping Knights were struggling.
However, they would still end up tired in the end. After hearing Asuna's call, Yuuki was the only one who let out an energetic Oh!! to answer her. The petite Imp girl didn't show any fatigue even after countless minutes of battle as she continued to use her fleet feet to dodge the giant's hammer and chains before using the sword in her right hand to deal decisive damage.
Before this, Asuna thought that Yuuki's strength came from her abnormal reflexes, but now she had a whole new understanding to this. That strong will to concentrate and continue swinging the sword may even be a match for Kirito's.
At this moment, Asuna chanted for the umpteenth time as she saw a distant memory in the past from the current scene.
In the 74th level boss room in Old Aincrad, Kirito once fought valiantly alone against a gigantic humanoid-type monster. He used parries and speedy footwork to dodge the enemy's ferocious attacks under such a dangerous situation, and his two swords continued to swing at a machine gun-like speed, using endless number of sword skills at the weakness of the boss, the flank—
"Ah.."
With this sudden idea, Asuna couldn't help but call out. The spell chanting failed as it was interrupted, and BOON! Black smoke appeared around her.
Asuna immediately cringed as she messed up, but Shiune, who was behind her, managed to finish her spell at the last second. Tecchi and company that was surrounded by toxic breath in front had their HP bars reverted to a safe level.
Asuna raised her hand in apology to Shiune, who glanced at her, then said quickly,
"Shiune, I have an idea. Can you hang on for about 30 seconds by yourself?"
"Un, it's alright. I still have enough mana."
Asuna raised her hand at Shiune again, who nodded, then raised the staff in her right hand. She quickly took a deep breath, and started chanting a new spell at the fastest speed possible.
As the spell words were chanted, glittering ice pieces started to appear in front of Asuna, and they immediately solidified into four sharp ice pillars. Once the ice knives were complete, a blue circle appeared in the girl's eyes. This was the scope of the non-tracking offensive spell.
Asuna cautiously moved her left hand and slightly adjusted the blue scopes at the throats below the two heads of the giant. The giant continued to move forward, and the hammers in the upper two hands were ready to swing down—
"Eii!"
Asuna swung the staff in her right hand straight down. 4 ice pillars flew in the air with a light blue trail, accurately hitting the bottom of the giant's necks.
"GUUOOOOOHHHHHH!!!"
The giant immediately let out what sounded like a cry of agony as the hammer attack stopped. The four arms were crossed in front of its body as it curled up. It kept such a defensive position for about five seconds before raising its arms again and slamming the warhammer into the stone floor.
The ground trembled with this heavy and loud sound, and Asuna steadied herself to prevent herself from falling as she whispered,
"As expected…"
Seeing that Shiune, beside her, had her head tilted in doubt, Asuna quickly explained,
"I originally thought that the defensive action was just random, but it wasn't like that. His neck is the weakness. We didn't have too much strength to look for its weakness, so I completely forgot about this…"
"So we can beat it by attacking that, right?"
"I guess…it would be more efficient, but that weakness is way too high…"
The giant was about 4m, and even Taruken's spear would need some more length before reaching its neck. It couldn't be attacked directly. They could fly and attack if it was on the field, but they couldn't do so in a dungeon.
"Looks like we can only get ready to be countered and use our sword skills to attack."
Asuna nodded her head in agreement with Shiune. They could only use a thrust-type sword skill if they wanted to extend their hangtime in the air in an area they couldn't fly, or jump and use a combo-type skill. Of course, once they finished doing so, there would be a lag, and then they would fall without any defense. The enemy would use that time to counter hard. Even though they could try to use a spell to revive anyone if they died, it wouldn't work every time. Also, revival spells were rather long, and would slow down the recovery of health, which may cause the entire party to collapse.
However—Yuuki would definitely say without hesitation, let's try this. Asuna thought about this and looked at Shiune's face. In the end, this tender-looking yet unexpectedly strong Undine nodded hard to agree with Asuna's thoughts.
"I'll go forward to tell them the battle plan. Please hang on and heal them."
"Leave it to me!"
Of the few potions that she had left, Asuna grabbed two bottles, handed them to Shiune, and immediately dashed forward. She immediately ran through 15m, got near the black giant, and the roar of the chain immediately came from beside her. She cringed her neck back to dodge it, but the plumb-bob[3] grazed the front end of her shoulder, and her HP immediately dropped.
However, Asuna didn't mind at all. As she got behind Yuuki, she shouted,
"Yuuki!"
Yuuki, who was swinging her sword, looked back and widened her eyes,
"Asuna, why are you here?"
"Listen to me. This guy has a weakness. We should be able to deal more damage to it if we aim for the central parts of its neck."
"Weakness?"
Yuuki looked back again, and stared at the giant's head, up above. At this moment, a large barrel-sized hammer suddenly flew down from above, and both of them immediately ducked. Yuuki then jumped to avoid the shockwave on the ground and shouted,
"It's too high…I can't reach it even if I jumped!"
"Isn't there a well-suited stepping board?"
Asuna smiled and looked over at Tecchi who was slightly further away, raising the shield that looked like a doorplate and protecting Nori from the wildly swinging chain. Yuuki seemed to understand Asuna's intention and smiled back.
Both of them dashed forward and went about 3m behind Tecchi. Yuuki put her left hand near her mouth and let out an amazingly loud voice from her petite body.
"Tecchi! DUCK DOWN AFTER THE NEXT HAMMER ATTACK!!"
The tall and large gnome widened his small eyes, but immediately nodded.
The black giant swung its metal chain for a while, and then tilted its upper body that was as large as a large boulder before taking a deep breath. It paused for a while before opening its two mouths. KOHAAA!! It let out its toxic breath, and the surroundings were all covered with a sulfur-like smell. Everyone who was standing in front of it had their HP drop bit by bit.
However, once the breath attack ended, a blue light descended and recovered everyone's health with perfect timing. The giant then raised the two hammers that were in its upper arms.
Yuuki ducked and got ready to charge forward. Asuna quickly said to her little back.
"That's the last chance! Do your best, Yuuki!"
Yuuki kept her back facing Asuna and immediately answered,
"Leave it to me, Nee-chan!!"
Nee…chan?
As Asuna blinked after hearing such unexpected words, the girl leapt forward.
The giant in front looked like it was going to slice through the ground as it slammed its two hammers down into the ground hard. The deep sound echoed throughout the room, and Tecchi immediately ducked to defend against the radial shockwave.
Yuuki then jumped, using her left foot to step on Tecchi's left shoulder, and her right foot stepped on his thick and heavy helmet—
"URRIIIYAAAAA!!"
With a sharp cry, Yuuki seemed to be moving the wings that didn't exist as she leapt high. She got close to the giant's chest in an instant and pulled the sword in her right hand back hard.
"YAAA!!"
Yuuki shouted out again and charged at the joint of the two necks at an alarming rate. Immediately, the bluish-purple flash effect exploded, causing the coin-shaped room to be filled with light.
Even if it's an area where they couldn't fly in, the players just needed to continue using sword skills in the air to remain there before the skill ends. Right now, Yuuki was in front of the black giant, moving her right hand at a lightning like speed, letting out 5 strikes from right up to bottom left, and then made another five hits in a line to form an intersection point. Whenever the sharp tip of the blade hit its weakness, the four arms of the giant would continue to struggle and let out what sound like a wail.
The thrust attacks on the monster created an X shape. Yuuki's body tilted to the right and put her left hand on the right hand that was holding the sword.
The dazzling flashes released by the blade caused Asuna to narrow her eyes. At this moment, Yuuki's obsidian sword looked like a diamond. The shining white sword seemed to let out a crisp sound like a bell and hit straight into the intersection of the X point, the point where the giant's necks were connected, and then stabbed it straight into the giant's body.
Soon after, the black glowing skin of the giant started to form several cracks, with the point the sword was stabbed in being the center. The cracks seemed unable to take the pressure that was coming from inside and continued to become thicker. The cracks then extended to the giant's body and limbs.


With the sound of a large tree falling, the giant's body was split into half from the point the two heads were joined. The 4m tall giant corpse then looked like a shattered glass statue as it exploded into numerous fragments of various sizes. The pure white light that was given off from the insides of the body started to close in with the physical impact, and Asuna's head started to throb hard. The sound effects that had deep and high-frequency sounds mixed in bounced through the dome, finally dragging on into a long and stiff metallic sound before vanishing.
The mysterious blue flame that lit the dim coin-shaped dome suddenly shook and became a normal orange. The boss room was filled with bright light, chasing the remaining amount of devilish intent away.
GACHANG. A loud sound rang. The door deep inside that led to the next room was unlocked.
"……Haha…we…we made it…"
Asuna let out a hoarse laugh as she collapsed onto the ground. As she looked up, she exchanged looks with Yuuki, who was blankly staring at where the boss was destroyed.
The petite Imp blinked for another few seconds, and then finally gave a smirk. However, it immediately changed into a smile she had seen many times before—no, it should be said to be the most dazzling smile.
Yuuki sheathed her sword and immediately ran over to Asuna. She immediately jumped over with her arms wide open from afar and leapt into Asuna's arm.
"GUAA!?"
Asuna let out a loud cry and collapsed with Yuuki onto the ground. Both of them stared at each other's eyes at a close distance to each other, and started shouting,
"AHAHAHA…WE DID IT, WE WON…WE WON, ASUNA!"
"UN, YEAH! AHHH—…HOW TIRING—!!"
Even with Yuuki sitting on her, Asuna still stretched her limbs out and laid down flat on the ground. The 5 other partners around her who were also so tired that they collapsed leapt up, gave victory signs and started cheering.
At this moment, Asuna noticed a heavy sound from above and looked over at the source of the sound. The entrance that appeared in her inversed vision started to open aside again, and numerous people were gathered there.
The ones who rushed in without waiting for the doors to open completely and made such a loud ruckus was obviously the large guild alliance party who blocked the corridor. These people noticed that the boss room was filled with orange light, and curbed their momentum as they slowed their footsteps before stopping to look around.
A dark red haired Salamander was standing in front of the large party of about 50 people. At this moment, his eyes seemed to meet Asuna's. The leader's face seemed to show amazement, understanding and regret, and Asuna merely watched this in a really happy mood.
"Hehe…"
Asuna, who was lying on the floor, laughed, and then showed a victory sign to Yuuki and her 5 partners.

The members of the large guild left some common menacing words before leaving, and Asuna and the Sleeping Knights opened the door deep inside the room. They climbed up the long spiral staircase and came out from a pavilion shaped building. They arrived at the 28th level where no one had entered previously. They immediately ran over to the nearest shopping street, and the moment Yuuki activated the transfer gate at the central plaza, the boss conquest quest was completed.
The seven of them immediately used the gate that was giving off a blue light to return to the streets of Ronbaru, formed a circle at a corner of the plaza, and again hi-touched[4] each other.
"Everyone worked hard! It's finally over!"
Asuna smiled as she said that, but she felt a little lonely inside her heart. She was just a mercenary after all, and the end of this contract would mean that they would have to go their separate ways.
No. There was still a lot of time to be friends with them —as Asuna thought about that, Shiune suddenly pat her on the shoulder. That nice looking face showed a serious expression that was different from usual.
"No, Asuna-san. It's still not over yet."
"…Eh?"
"There's still one more thing to do."
After looking at her expression, Asuna immediately thought of the incident at the «Monument of Swordsmen» in Black Iron Palace. Speaking of which, the members of the Sleeping Knights' aim wasn't to conquer the bosses, but to leave the names of all the members on the monument as proof that the guild existed. Speaking of which, it would be too early for her to be happy now—
However, what Shiune said next was far beyond what Asuna expected.
"—Let's have a party to celebrate."
Asuna's knees went limp as she nearly fell. She raised her fist in protest, and then put her hands on her hips before saying,
"Un, okay! Let's have a big one!"
After saying that, Jun's face showed a smile,
"We still have lots of funds here! Which place are we going to choose? Should we rent some high-class restaurant in some city?"
"Ahh…"
Asuna suddenly had a thought. She then locked her fingers together and looked around. Even though she only knew them for a mere two days, she should be able to get along with these people like old friends. Asuna really believed in this as she said,
"Well…in that case…do you want to come over to my house? It's a little small though."
On hearing Asuna's invitation, Yuuki immediately showed a smile.
However, for some reason—her smile vanished like melting snow. Yuuki bit her lower lip and looked down.
"Yu…Yuuki, what is it?"
Even though she was feeling puzzled, Asuna still asked the normally enthusiastic girl who in turn didn't lift her head. At this moment, Shiune looked like she was going to finish off what Yuuki said as she continued,
"…Well…I'm really sorry, Asuna-san. Please don't mind us…it's just that we…"
However, before Shiune finished, Yuuki, who had her head lowered, suddenly gasped and grabbed Shiune's right hand.
She bit her lips hard, and her large eyes showed an earnest look as she silently looked at Shiune. Even though Yuuki looked like she was trying to say something as she moved her lips twice, she didn't let out a voice in the end.
However, Shiune seemed to understand what Yuuki wanted to say. Her lips showed a smile that was difficult to understand. She put her right hand on Yuuki's head, and then faced Asuna again.
"Thank you, Asuna-san. We'll gladly come over to your house then."
Asuna could only feel troubled as she didn't understand what was going on just now. However, Nori seemed like she wanted to dispel the gloomy atmosphere as she said with her usual forthright voice,
"If it's like that, we have to prepare the wine! Let's buy one whole barrel!"
"There's none of that potato sake you like, Nori."
Taruken interrupted at this moment and gave a stern comment from behind.
"Stop spouting nonsense. Since when did I like potato sake? I like Awamori sake the most!"
"Aren't you still like an old man."
Jun's stronger punchline caused everyone to start laughing. Asuna started joining in too, and then looked over at Yuuki. Though Yuuki's face showed a smile, a certain sense of reluctance in her seemed like it didn't vanish completely.
The gang went to the central marketplace of Ronbaru, bought a large amount of alcohol and food before moving to the 22nd level.
Most of them took off from the plaza in the town area, looking down at the forest that was buried by snow below as they moved south. They flew by the frozen lake, and could see a stretch of open land and a round house there.
"O, over there?"
Yuuki's excited voice caused Asuna to nod.
"Yeah..ah!"
Before Asuna could even finish, Yuuki opened her arms and immediately flew down to the courtyard in front of the house, landed with a huge 'BFUU' and whipped up a large amount of snow. A large number of birds that were perched on the trees nearby were all shocked.
"…Really."
Asuna and Shiune glanced at each other before smiling and opened their wings as they got ready to land. Asuna glided around for a while before landing in the courtyard, and was immediately dragged towards the door by Yuuki, who couldn't wait.
Asuna wanted to introduce her friends if they were around, but there wasn't anyone inside. Kirito and Klein, who helped to stop the large guild, haven't returned from the save point, so it couldn't be helped. However, even Lisbeth and Silica weren't around. Did everyone expect this to happen and deliberately moved aside for the 7 of them to party?
"Heh. Fuu-n, is this Asuna's house?"
Yuuki happily looked around at the tables that grew out from the floor, the heater that was burning red and the swords and other items that were hanging on the wall. The other six were all gathered around the table, taking out the food they bought out from their item inventory. Soon, obscure food, drinks and snacks were piled up like a hill.
They followed Nori's wishes and bought wine. They unplugged the corks to pour the golden liquid into the cups and lined them up. With that, the preparations for the party were complete. Jun dragged Yuuki, who was watching Asuna intently as she kept her collection of condiments, back to the living room, and the 7 of them sat down in front of the table.
Yuuki, who was in charge of leading the toast, smiled brightly and said,
"In celebration of our triumph in the boss conquest…cheers!"
Cheers! The other people chanted. After that, the sounds of glass cups knocking into each other could be heard as everyone immediately gulped down the wine and started their reckless party.
Jun and Tecchi talked about how they defeated the boss. Nori and Taruken were excitedly talking about all the wines in ALO, and Asuna, who was beside them, heard Yuuki and Shiune talk about the past VRMMOs they were in.
"And the worst thing is that it must be some sort of game called «Insect Site» in America!"
Yuuki used her arms to wrap around her body as her face tensed up.
"Ahh…about that."
Shiune also nodded her head helplessly.
"Heh…what kind of game is it?"
"Insects! They were all insects! It's fine if the monsters were all insects, but even the players were all insects~. I was an ant that could walk on two legs, so it was fine, but Shiune…"
"No, you can't say it!"
"She was one huge hornworm. She could let out thread from her moment…"
Yuuki finally couldn't help it as she started laughing at this point. After seeing Shiune smirk, Asuna started to laugh too.
"It's great~ we could go about travelling through all sorts of worlds with everyone."
"What about Asuna? Looks like you've played VRMMOs for a long time."
"Me? Errm, don't tell anyone. Actually, I spent a lot of time playing to get enough money to buy this house…"
"I see~"
Yuuki lifted her head, and again narrowed her eyes and looked at the living room.
"But this house is really comfortable. Sure has a memorable feeling to it…"
"Yeah. I feel safe staying here."
Shiune nodded deeply too.
However, her small lips suddenly opened.
"Wha, what's wrong with you, Shiune?"
"Damn it, I forgot about it! Speaking about money…we told Asuna that we would hand all the boss drops over to her when we asked her to defeat the boss. What should we do? We bought so much stuff…"
"Wah, I forgot about it!"
Both of them looked apologetic as they lowered their shoulders. On seeing this, Asuna smiled and waved her hand at them before saying,
"It's alright. I'll just take a little. Ah, I suppose—it's better…"
After saying this, she kept her mouth shut and sighed hard,
"Not take anything. However, I have something I want to ask you people."
"Eh…?"
"Well…even though the agreement is complete…but I still want to talk to Yuuki some more. I have a lot of things I want to ask you about."
Yuuki, I hope you can teach me—how to become as strong as you. Asuna thought deep inside and continued,
"Can you let me join the Sleeping Knights?"
Asuna had never joined any guilds ever since she became a spirit in ALO. Large guilds have invited her a few times before, and Kirito and Lisbeth said that they could form a small one, but nothing came of it.
The reason it became like that was mostly because Asuna still had some «fear» about guilds. In the past, she was the sub-leader of what was called the strongest guild for more than a year. At that time, she demanded iron-like discipline and steel-like will from her members, and she acted as an example and never showed a smile in front of them. The members back then only feared her, and never looked up to her. Asuna was scared that if she joined a guild in ALO, her mannerism in the past would return.
However, Asuna managed to blend in amongst the Sleeping Knights naturally, and could give them instructions without hesitation. That must have been because the earnest attitudes of Yuuki and the rest made Asuna get rid of the doubts inside her easily. Being with them would definitely make that wall in her heart shorter, and she could become really strong. Asuna herself never noticed it, but Kirito, Lisbeth, Klein and everyone should have noticed this and supported her actions. Thus, when Asuna stated that she wanted to join in the conquest activity of another guild, they didn't feel unhappy, but continued to give Asuna encouragement.
On hearing Asuna's request, Yuuki didn't answer immediately as she bit her lips hard. Her wide eyes showed anxiety again.
Shiune and the other 4 quietened down and stared at Yuuki and Asuna. Amidst this silence, Yuuki merely stared at Asuna. Finally, the voice she let out was a trembling one that was different from usual.
"Well…Asuna. We…the Sleeping Knights will probably…disband in spring. After that, it's unlikely that everyone would be back here."
"Un, I know. It doesn't really matter until spring. I want to be friends with Yuuki…and everyone. It should be alright if it's before spring, right…?"
Asuna leaned forward and stared at Yuuki's purple eyes. However, Yuuki actually avoided Asuna's gaze for the first time. She gently shook her head and said,
"Sorry…I'm really sorry, Asuna. I'm really sorry…really…"
Yuuki continued to mutter, and yet it sounded really painful. Asuna didn't have the heart to let her continue.
"I see…it's alright. I should be the one sorry here for making things difficult for you, Yuuki."
"Well…Asuna-san, we…we…"
Beside her, Shiune looked like she wanted to help Yuuki to continue, but it was rare that even she didn't know what to say.
Asuna looked around at the pained expressions on everyone's faces, and clapped her hands to try and ease the mood as she said in an energetic voice,
"Sorry for troubling you after mentioning that. Let's go see that to change the mood!"
"That…?"
After hearing Asuna say that, Shiune merely felt troubled, and Yuuki lowered her head dejectedly. At this moment, Asuna pat both of them on the shoulder.
"You forgot about the most important thing! The «Monument of Swordsmen» at Black Iron Palace should be updated!"
"Ah, that's right!"
Jun shouted as he got up.
"Let's go, let's go! Let's go take a photo!"
"Shall we go?"
Once Asuna made that invitation, Yuuki finally smiled.

After dragging Yuuki, who still looked a little dejected, Asuna saw the center plaza of the «Starting City». Actually, she hadn't been here for a long time.
"It's really wide here…here, come over here, everyone!"
With their backs facing the large palace, they quickly moved through the garden, and the rectangular «Black Iron Palace» soon appeared in front of everyone. As it was the most famous landmark in Aincrad, a lot of new and old players would go in and out from this place.
After passing through the tall and large gate, they entered the building, and the cooling air immediately stroked everyone's skin. The players' socks stepped on the iron floor, and caused many echoes due to the abnormally high ceiling.
Asuna, Yuuki and the rest let out sharp footsteps as they entered the hall inside. They went through two doors, and right in front of them was a large space that was shrouded in a quiet atmosphere. In the middle, there was a long and large monument.
"Is that it?"
Jun and Nori ran past Asuna and Yuuki as they ran forward. After a few seconds, they arrived below the «Monument of Swordsmen». Asuna immediately lifted her head and looked at the end of the thick words.
"It…it's there."
Yuuki suddenly muttered, and the hand holding Asuna's hand exerted more force. At this moment, Asuna noticed that at the center of the black glowing monument, under the words [Braves of 27th Floor], their names were clearly indicated in English.
"It's there…our names…"
Yuuki suddenly muttered. Upon seeing her wet eyes, Asuna started to feel emotional too.
"Oi~ we're going to take a shot!"
Jun's voice could be heard from behind. Asuna grabbed Yuuki's shoulder and turned around.
"Here, smile, Yuuki."
Yuuki finally smiled the moment Asuna said that. The 6 of them were lined in front of the monument, and Jun operated the «Screen-Shot Camera Crystal» window. He set the time, let go of it, and the crystal floated in the air, showing the countdown as it flickered above.
Jun ran between Yuuki and Tecchi. As everyone showed their smiles, the crystal let out a 'passh' sound as it glowed.
"Okay!"
Jun returned to the crystal. Asuna and Yuuki looked back at the «Monument of Swordsmen» again.
"We did it, Yuuki."
Asuna let go of Yuuki's head and patted her on the head. Yuuki nodded her head slightly and stared at the 7 people's names for quite some time before quickly,
"Un…I, I finally did it, Nee-chan."
"Fufufu."
After hearing her say that, Asuna couldn't help but laugh out.
"Yuuki, you said that again."
"Eh…?"
Yuuki could only stare at Asuna's face as she didn't know why Asuna started laughing.
"You called me Nee-chan in the boss room as well. Of course I'm happy too…??!?"
Halfway through, Asuna took those words back after saying it.
That's because Yuuki had already widened her eyes as she used her hands to cover her mouth. Those purple eyes let out a transparent liquid, and finally rolled down her white face.
"Yuu…Yuuki…?"
Asuna gasped and reached out, wanting to grab the Imp girl. However, Yuuki took two, three steps back. She opened her mouth and said in a hoarse voice,
"Asuna…I, I…"
Yuuki suddenly lowered her head and wiped her teary face before waving her left hand. With trembling fingers, she pressed the window in front of her, and that petite body was immediately surrounded by white light—?

From that day on, the invincible swordsman «Absolute Sword» Yuuki disappeared from Aincrad.

Chapter 8
Asuna turned her eyes to the paper in her hand, and checked that the handwritten name was the same as the one indicated horizontally on the wall of the large building.
Yokohama City, Kanagawa Prefecture area. The building was located in a place surrounded by a lot of green hills. It didn't look like the metropolitan area here with the relatively short height, the design of the two wings, and the quietness of the surrounding hills. However, it really took Asuna less than 30 minutes from her house in Setagaya and down the East express line.
The building was new, bathed under the low sunlight of winter. The wall was dyed brown. It's really like the place I slept in for a long time, Asuna thought, as she put the note back into her pocket.
"Are you here, Yuuki…?"
She whispered. She wanted to meet her, but she felt that, on the other hand, it's best if the girl wasn't staying here.
After wandering around for a while, Asuna pulled the collar of her coat that was tightly clinging to her uniform, and hurried walked towards the main entrance.
It's been 3 days since «Absolute Sword» Yuuki disappeared from Aincrad.
At the final moment, she shed tears in front of that Monument of Swordsmen, and even till now, that image was etched in Asuna's eyes. She couldn't forget like that. No matter what, she wanted to see her again, to talk to her again. However, the messages she sent out were all replied with «the recipient's not logged in», and there wasn't any signs that they were read.
The members of the Sleeping Knights may know where Yuuki is, Asuna thought. However, two days ago, at the Lombard hotel where they would normally gather, Shiune was the only one who was there. She lowered her drooping eyelashes and shook her head.
"We couldn't contact Yuuki either. It's not just ALO. It seemed like she never FullDived again. And we don't know anything about her in the real world. And…"
Shiune paused at this moment, and stared at Asuna with a worried look.
"Asuna-san. I guess, Yuuki didn't want to meet you again. It's not about the others, but it's for your sake."
Asuna was so stunned that she couldn't say anything. After a few seconds, she finally managed to squeeze out a voice,
"Wh…why? No…I feel, Yuuki, Shiune, you guys, you don't have to break up your relationships with me. If I've been troubling you, I won't pursue this any further. But…I can't accept that if it's because of me."
"What about troubling us…"
Shiune, who had been keeping a calm expression, gave a rare pained expression as she shook her head hard,
"We were really happy to meet you. In this world, we were able to make such wonderful memories because of you, Asuna-san. Helping to defeat the boss, and even saying that you wanted to join the guild. We couldn't express our thanks enough no matter what. But…really, please, just forget about us."
Shiune paused at this moment, then moved her left hand to operate the window. A small trade window appeared in front of Asuna.
"It's earlier than expected, but I want to disband the Sleeping Knights here. The gifts to you are all here, Asuna-san, the items the boss dropped and our equipments…"
"No…there's no need. I can't accept this."
Asuna removed the window like she was shaking it off, and then walked over to Shiune.
"Are we really going to say goodbye here? I…I like, being with Yuuki, Shiune, everyone. I thought that we could still remain friends even if the guild disbands. But, am I the only one who thinks like this…?"
In the past, Asuna would never say such words. However, having spent many days with Yuuki and the rest, Asuna felt that she had changed somewhat. It's because of this that she didn't want to say farewell to everyone.
However, Shiune lowered her head, and merely shook it.
"Sorry…sorry, but this is for the best. It's better to separate here…sorry, Asuna-san."
Then, she clicked the button of the window as if she was trying to run away, and logged out.
It wasn't just Yuuki. Shiune, Jun, Nori and the other members never logged on to ALO after that.
Perhaps Asuna herself may be mistaken for thinking that a mere few days of interaction was enough to make them friends. However, the Sleeping Knights left a deep and indelible impression on her. She couldn't think about forgetting them at all.
The 3rd semester had already begun, but even though she managed to meet up with Kazuto, Rika and Keiko in the real world, Asuna's heart felt really heavy. On thinking about that, deep within Asuna's eyes and ears, Yuuki's smiling face would awaken in front of her. Nee-chan, that was what Yuuki called Asuna. Having realized this, she cried. No matter what, Asuna wanted to know that reason.
And yesterday, during lunch break, Asuna received a message from Kazuto saying, [meet you at the rooftop].

On the bare concrete rooftop that had cold wind bellowing through, Kazuto leaned on the thick pipe that was used for air circulation, waiting for Asuna.
It's been more than a year since they were released from SAO, but Kazuto in the real world didn't seem to gain any weight. His younger sister Suguha would tell him to eat more, so he shouldn't be worrying about his nutrition. Maybe the calories that were taken in were all used up by jogging and the sports gym, or maybe the intense battles in the virtual world would use up the calories in the real world.
The buttons of his blazer were undone, his hands were placed in his pockets, and the somewhat long fringe was blown by the wind. His outfit and height changed, but he still looked the same, like he was in old Aincrad. Asuna looked like she was attracted as she walked over to him, and leaned her forehead against Kazuto's shoulder as he looked up.
Asuna wanted to express all the intense emotions in her heart in one go, but she couldn't express them in words. She closed her eyes, endured the sobbing feeling that was welling up in her throat, and felt the gentleness of Kazuto's hand patting her back. At the same time, a voice rang in her ears,
"Do you want to meet that «Absolute Sword» no matter what?"
These words probably encompassed all of Asuna's wishes. Yes, just once. That's because Asuna believed that Yuuki hoped for this as well.
"They told you it's better not to meet again, right? Even like this?"
Asuna told everything to Kazuto, about the 27th level boss conquest battle, the unexpected farewell after that, and Shiune's words when she last met her. This question was probably asked after he made a conclusion from those words. At this, Asuna nodded hard again.
"Un, even so, I want to. I want to meet her to talk to her again. I have to."
"Is that so?"
With that simple answer, Kazuto put his hand on Asuna's shoulder and nudged her slightly away, pulling out a piece of paper from the pocket of his blazer.
"Maybe you can meet her if you go there."
"Eh…?"
"It's just a possibility…but, I feel that «Absolute Sword» is there."
"How…How do you know this, Kirito-kun…?"
Asuna blankly asked as she received the piece of paper that was folded twice. Kazuto turned to look at the sky, and whispered,
"That's because that's the only clinical test area of the «Medicuboid»."
"Medi…Cuboid?"
As she repeated this inexplicable term she had never heard of before, Asuna opened the paper.
Written in small words on it was the name [Yokohama North General Hospital] and the address.

She went through the twin-layered automatic doors that were polished clean, went through the entrance hall that was brightly lit, and the whiff of a memorable disinfectant smell floated about.
There were mothers carrying children and old people in wheelchairs moving by. Asuna went by the silent area and headed for the reception counter.
She filled in her name and address in the form placed at her window, and stopped at the moment she was about to fill in the name of the person she wanted to visit. Asuna only knew about the name Yuuki, and she didn't know if it was the real name or not. From what she heard from Kazuto, even if she was here, it's hard to tell if she could check this or even meet her. But she couldn't just give up here after coming all the way. Asuna decided to take the form and handed it over to the window.
On the other side of the counter, the nurse in white uniform noticed Asuna approaching, and lifted her face.
"Are you going to meet someone?"
Asuna could only blankly nod her head as she faced this smile and question. She handed over the request form that was partly blank and said
"Errm…I want to meet her, but I don't know her name."
"Yes?"
As the nurse raised her eyebrows in surprise, Asuna desperately tried to find her choice of words.
"I think it's a girl about 15 years old. Her name may be «Yuuki», but I may be mistaken."
"There's a lot of patients here. It's hard for me to know when you say that."
"Errm…I want the person who's testing the «Medicuboid»."
"As for the patient's privacy…"
At this moment, a senior nurse inside the counter lifted her face and looked at Asuna. Then, she turned to the nurse who was talking to Asuna, seemingly whispering something.
The nurse before blinked about it and again looked up at Asuna. She used a thoroughly different voice, a delicate one.
"Excuse me, what is your name?"
"Ah, that, I'm Yuuki, Asuna."
Asuna answered and handed the form over. The nurse received the form, looked at it, and then handed it to the colleague inside.
"Can I check your identification?"
"Ok, okay."
Asuna hurriedly took her wallet out from the inside of her blazer and drew the identification card for her to see. The nurse cautiously compared the face on the photo and Asuna's face, nodded her head, told her to wait for a moment, and took the phone receiver beside her.
She used the internal line to call someone, whispered 2,3 words, and turned back to Asuna.
"Please look for Doctor Kurahashi of the 2nd medical department. Take the lift at the front side to the 4th level, head right, and show this to the reception counter."
Asuna received her student pass and a silver card from the tray that was handed out, and bowed.
After waiting for about 10 minutes on the bench at the reception area of the 4th level, Asuna noticed a white-cloaked figure walking over quickly.
"Yaa, excuse me, my apologies, sorry to keep you waiting."
Apologizing in a strange manner and nodding his head was a short and somewhat plump male doctor. He was probably in his early 30s, his shiny forehead was combed in a 3-7, and he had thick glasses on.
Asuna hurriedly stood up and bowed deeply,
"It, it's alright. I intruded suddenly on my part. Well, it's alright for me to wait."
"No no, I wasn't on duty in the afternoon, so it was perfect timing. Then, Yuuki Asuna-san, right?"
Smiling as her narrowed his slightly drooping eyes, the male doctor tilted his head slightly.
"Yes, I'm Yuuki."
"I'm called Kurahashi, the main doctor treating Konno-san. I didn't expect you to come and visit her here."
"Konno…san?"
"Ehh, her full name's Konno Yuuki, written as 'Cotton' and 'Season'. I've been calling her Yuuki-kun…she's been telling me all about you, Asuna-san. Ah, sorry, my bad. I blurted this out because of Yuuki-kun."
"It's alright, just call me Asuna."
Asuna smiled as she answered, and Doctor Kurahashi smiled back in an embarrassed manner before pointing his right hand to the lift.
"We can't really talk well like this. Let's head to the lounge upstairs."
Asuna was led to the wide space deep inside the lounge and sat down opposite the doctor. Through the large glass window, they could see the large yard of the hospital and the surrounding greenery. There were very few people around, and only the rustling of the air-con could be heard moving the air.
Asuna wondered which doubts she should raise. However, Doctor Kurahashi broke the silence first.
"Asuna-san, you met Yuuki-kun in the VR world, right? Did she tell you about this hospital?"
"Ah, no…that's not it…"
"Oh, then it's amazing that you managed to find this place. Well, Yuuki-kun once said that a lady called Yuuki Asuna may be coming, and wanted to greet you at the reception area. I was really shocked and asked her whether she told you about the hospital, but she said that she didn't. So I said that she couldn't possibly know about such a place. However, I really got a call from the reception counter, and I was really shocked."
"Well…Yuuki-san, did she mention me to you, doctor…?"
Asuna asked, and the doctor nodded his head hard 2, 3 times.
"Of course. During the past few days, she would always tell me about Asuna-san when we talked to each other. However, Yuuki-kun would start crying after she talked about you. She's normally not a kid who would reveal her own weakness."
"Eh…bu, but why…"
"She said that she wanted to befriend you more, but couldn't do so. She wanted to meet you, but may not be able to do so. It's not like…I can't understand those emotions…"
At this moment, Doctor Kurahashi let out a rare pained expression. Asuna took a deep breath and decided to ask,
"That Yuuki-san, and her friends all told me this when they bid me farewell in the VR world. Why? Why is it that we «can't meet again»?"
The fear that began the moment Asuna saw the name of the hospital continued to expand, and she tried her best to quell his uneasiness and leaned her body forward. Doctor Kurahashi was wordlessly stunned for a moment, turned his eyes at his hands that were cupped together on the table, and then calmly answered,
"Then, let's start explaining things from the «Medicuboid». Asuna-san, you're an AmuSphere user too, right?"
"Eh…ehhh, yeah."
The young doctor nodded his head, lifted his face, and said something completely unexpected,
"It may be ill-suited to say such words to you, but I felt that it was regretful that FullDive technology was used as a form of amusement at first."
"Eh…?"
"The research of that technology should be funded by the government for treatment. In that case, the current state can be continued for another 1, no, 2 years."
Asuna felt weird about the unexpected change in the direction of the conversation, and the doctor lifted a finger.
"Please think about this. The environment brought about by the AmuSphere would be an effective function in the medical field. For example, that machine would be a gospel to those people who are visually or hearing-impaired. Those people with congenital brain dysfunction are sadly excluded, but even if the eyeballs or visual nerves have abnormalities, the image can be input directly to the brain if the AmuSphere is used. The situation is the same with hearing. Even those who didn't know about light or sound as they grew up can use that machine to interact with a real landscape."
Asuna could only nod her head as Doctor Kurahashi said that enthusiastically. The wide range of uses of the AmuSphere wasn't a new thing in such an area. One day, the headgear can become smaller, and with a specialized lens combination, those visually impaired will be able to live like those who see.
"Also, what is useful isn't just the fact that it can convey signals, but that the Amusphere has the function to cancel the senses."
The doctor used his finger to tap his throat.
"The electromagnetic pulse that is sent here will temporarily numb the muscles. In other words, it would have the effect similar to total body paralysis. For example, anesthetics. Even if it's used, there's a small but rare risk. If we use AmuSphere in operations, we can avoid having to use anesthetics. That's what I think."
Asuna was already engrossed with what the doctor said. She nodded her head, but immediately noticed something. Though it was like showing off in front of an expert, she still whispered out her doubt.
"…But, it can't work, right? The AmuSphere's interference ability can only limit the senses to the minimum to ease the pain when the scalpel is inserted into the body. I think both the AmuSphere, or even the first generation machine—Nerve Gear can't do it…even if the medulla is blocked, the nerves inside are still active, so spinal reflex is still there, right…?"
"Yes…that's correct."
Doctor Kurahashi first widened his eyes in shock, and immediately nodded several times, as if Asuna had struck the bulls-eye.
"It's just like you said. The AmuSphere's electromagnetic pulse output power is weaker, the CPU is power-efficient, which would cause some problems with the processing speed as it isn't powerful enough. It's possible to do a real dive into the VR world, but the specs would be inefficient when it comes to lens matching in real life, into the so-called «Alternate Reality». Thus, the world's first medical FullDive machine that's developed at the state-level—«Medicuboid»."
"MediCu…boid."
This term most likely combines the term Medical and Cuboid. Asuna digested this term in her mouth, and the doctor smiled before explaining,
"That's just a coined name. The most important thing is that it strengthens the output of the AmuSphere, increases the density of the particles several fold, increases the processing output and is integrated with a bed, from the head to the spinal cord. It looks like a white box…if this can be used, with the many equipments in the hospital, there would be a drastic change in treatment. Most operations would not require anesthetics then, and it may be possible to talk to patients in a «Locked-in state»."
"Locked-in…?"
"It's a state known as the Locked-in Syndrome, a state where even if the brain's thinking process is normal, the body's handicapped in its control on its parts, and the patient can't express his thoughts. If we use the Medicuboid, we can connect directly deep into the brain, and even if the body doesn't move, it is possible to return to society through the VR world."
"I see…in other words, compared to the AmuSphere that's only used for playing VR games, this is really a dream machine in its true sense, isn't it?"
Asuna inadvertently nodded. However, Doctor Kurahashi, who looked like he was dream-talking, immediately shut his mouth as he heard this, seemingly dragged back to reality. His expression darkened a little, and he took off his spectacles, closed his eyes, and took a long sigh.
Then, he shook his head and smiled in a somewhat sad manner.
"Ehh, it really is a dream machine. However…a machine has its own limitations too. The most anticipated area of use for the Medicuboid…is «Terminal Care»."
"Terminal care…"
Asuna repeated the English term she had never heard of like a parrot, and the doctor silently explained,
"In kanji…it's written as 'Dying Treatment'."
Those words poured down on Asuna like cold water. She widened her eyes and couldn't say anything. Doctor Kurahashi put on his glasses and showed a look of comfort, saying,
"You may feel that it'll be better to stop here if we consider things later. Nobody would blame you even if you make that decision. Whether it's Yuuki-kun or her friends, they were all thinking about you."
However, Asuna never hesitated. No matter what sort of truth she would be told, she wanted to face it straight on, and she believed that she had to do so. Asuna lifted her face and clearly stated,
"No…please carry on. Please. I came here for this."
"Is that so?"
Doctor Kurahashi smiled again, and nodded his head significantly,
"Yuuki-kun once said that if Asuna-san is willing, I am to explain everything to her. Yuuki-kun's ward is at the highest level of the central ward. It'll be rather far, so let's talk on the way there."
The doctor walked out of the lounge and head towards the lift. Asuna followed him from behind, and her mind continued to think of the same term.
Terminal. The meaning of this term couldn't be any clearer. However, she continued to deny herself. It just couldn't be like that. Even if she had to declare that, he didn't have to use such a direct term.
The only plain fact was the truth that's to be shown next. Asuna had to accept it directly. It's because Yuuki believed that Asuna could do this that she allowed Asuna to enter her reality.
There were three lifts lined up in the lobby of the central building, and the rightmost had the tag «Staff Only» on the door. The doctor used the card that was hanging from his neck to slide it down the panel beside it, and a calm beeping sound was heard as the right door slide aside.
Both of them entered the white box, and the lift started to rise as the sound and acceleration couldn't be detected.
"Have you heard of the term «Window Period»"
Doctor Kurahashi suddenly asked, and Asuna started to search through her memory.
"I remember…health class taught of it before. It has something to do with virus…infections, right?"
"Yes. For example, if someone was suspected to be infected with some sort of virus, there would be a blood test. The methods of testing them are as follows. The «Antigen test» that tests the antibodies against the virus in the blood, and the more sensitive «NAT check» that uses the DNA and RNA of the virus as part of the investigation. However, even when using the NAT check, It's impossible to detect the virus after infection for about 10 days or so. This period is called the «Window Period»."
The doctor stopped at this moment. Then, as the slight decelerating feeling was felt, the door opened along with the sound of a bell.
The highest level, level 12 seemed to be prohibited to outsiders as there was a large gate right in front of them as they exited the lift. The doctor again placed his card on the sensor beside the door, and a soft electronic sound came from it. The metal bars were all lowered, with the doctor waving his hand to prompt her, Asuna quickly moved through the door.
Unlike the lower levels, this level didn't seem to have any windows. The smooth white paneled path extended out straight, and there were 2 paths in front of her, left and right.
Doctor Kurahashi, who was walking in front of Asuna again, veered to the left. The inorganic path that was full of warmth and white light continued to extend forward. They went by a few nurses, and the noises from outside couldn't be heard at all.
"—Because of that «Window Period», something must have happened."
Inadvertently, the doctor again said with a calm voice,
"That was the contamination of blood that was donated. Of course, the chances were low. There's only a rare 1 in 100,000 chance of infection through blood transfusion. However, it's impossible in modern science to drop that value to zero.
He sighed. Asuna even felt a faint anger and helplessness from him.
"Yuuki-kun was born in May 2011. Due to dystocia, a caesarean section was done accordingly. At that time…we couldn't confirm it, but an accident caused a large amount of bleeding, so emergency blood transfusion was implemented. The blood used was, unfortunately, contaminated."
"…!"
Asuna couldn't say anything. Doctor Kurahashi glanced at her, and immediately looked down before continuing,
"Until now, we couldn't understand how it happened. However, it was likely that Yuuki-kun was infected the moment she was born. The father was infected within that month. The virus infection was confirmed during September, by the follow-up blood test taken by the mother after the blood transfusion. By then…the whole family had already…"
The doctor sighed heavily and stopped.
There was a sliding door on the right wall of the passage, and a metal panel was set beside it. On the panel there, the words [First Unique Design Machine Room] were lined on it.
The doctor took the card and slid it down the panel. The electronic sound rang, and with a swoosh, the door opened.
Feeling that her heart was being bounded tightly and painfully, Asuna followed Doctor Kurahashi through the door. Inside it was a long and strangely narrow room.
The wall facing them had a door that was similar to the one they just passed through, and there's a control panel on the right side which had many devices. The wall on the left side had a large glass window, but the glass was dyed black, so it's impossible to look inside.
"In front of us is a sterile room with air control. Please understand that we can't enter."
As he said this, Doctor Kurahashi walked to the black window and operated on the panel below. With a slight rumbling sound, the color of the window became lighter, and then became transparent, showing the image.
It was a small room. No, it was actually rather large. At first glance, it looked like the room was filled with all sorts of machines. There were tall and short ones, simple square-ish ones mixed with those complicated shapes. Thus, it took her a lot of time to notice that there was a bed in the middle.
Asuna forcefully brought her face to the window and stared at that bed.
There was a petite body seemingly half-asleep in the bed. The white blanket was covered to her chest, and she could see the bare skinny shoulders that looked really depressing. The throat and shoulders had all sorts of tubes attached to them, linked to the machines nearby.
It's impossible to see the face of the bed's owner directly as it was covered by a white-cuboid object, integrated into the bed, that nearly swallowed the entire head. What could be seen were thin, almost transparent lips and a sharp chin. A monitor was embedded into the side of the cuboid facing them, and indicators in all sorts of colors pulsed through it. Above that, the word [Medicuboid] could be seen, represented as a plain logo.

"…Yuuki…?"
Asuna used her trembling voice to mutter. She was finally here, with Yuuki in the real world. However, the final few meters were obstructed by the thick glass she couldn't pass through no matter what.
With her back facing the doctor, Asuna squeezed out the voice,
"Doctor…what exactly is Yuuki's condition…?"
The answer was brief yet heavy.
"«Acquired Immunity Deficiency Syndrome»…AIDS."

Chapter 9
The moment Asuna saw this large hospital, she had a premonition that Yuuki had some serious disease. Despite this, once she heard the name of the illness from the doctor clearly, she still felt unable to breathe. Through the glass, Asuna looked at Yuuki as she lay on the bed, and felt completely frozen.
She was wondering whether it was true. Yuuki, who was stronger than anyone, more energetic than anyone when doing anything, was actually lying in the middle of several machines. Whether it was out of reason or emotions, Asuna flat out refused to accept this fact.
?—I'm such a big idiot. Not knowing anything and not trying to understand her. As the girl screamed this in her heart, the tears Yuuki shed before she disappeared meant…
"But AIDS isn't as scary as society thinks nowadays."
On seeing Asuna, who was rooted to the spot, Doctor Kurahashi said in a steady voice.
"Even when they're infected with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus, if they can be treated early, it's possible to contain the AIDS virus for about 10, 20 years. Through medication and thorough health management, it is possible to live like one before infection now."
Kii. A slight sound was heard. The consultation doctor was sitting on the chair in front of the console. He then said,
"…However, it's an undeniable fact that the chances of Newborns being able to survive for 5 years after being afflicted with HIV would be a lot lower than adults. Yuuki-kun's mother once wanted to bring everyone down with her when she knew that the whole family was infected. However, her mother was a Christian since young, and through religion and the help of her father, she broke through the initial crisis, and then chose to continue fighting the disease."
"Continue…fighting…"
"Yes. From the moment Yuuki was born, she was forced to fight the virus to survive. Once she broke through the most critical moment, the petite her was able to grow up safely and even enter primary school. For a kid—it's tough to take in a large amount of drugs regularly. Besides, Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitors are drugs with powerful side effects. However, Yuuki-kun still believed that she would one day be healed and continued to work hard. She was hardworking, and it looked like she had top grades throughout her years in school. She had lots of friends, and I once saw many images of her at that time. She continued to have such a dazzling smile…"
Asuna heard the doctor pause and sigh for a short while,
"—The school didn't know that Yuuki-kun was a HIV carrier. Actually, this is to be expected. Health check-ups carried out by the school or an enterprise are not supposed to include HIV checks in blood. However…just as she went into 4th grade, for some reason, a group of parents of students that were of the same age found out that Yuuki-kun was a carrier. The rumors immediately started to spread…The law stipulated that they shouldn't discriminate against carriers just because they were infected with HIV. However, the sad thing is that not all the people in society are kind…in the beginning, there were people who protested against her coming to school to study, or pranks like calls and letters and so on. Her parents tried their best, but in the end, they had to move, and Yuuki-kun was forced to transfer to another school."
"…"
Asuna could no longer react. She could only straighten her back and listen to the doctor's words.
"And though Yuuki-kun worked hard to go to the new school every day…the cruel thing was that…at this moment, it started. The indicator to show the weakening of the immunization system, the lymph cells CD4 started to decrease drastically. In other words…the AIDS virus had started to take effect. I've always felt that the harmful words of the parents and teachers in her previous school was the reason why she became ill."
The young doctor attempted to continue keeping his voice calm, but the somewhat rushed sound of breathing revealed his true emotions.
"—As the Immune System weakened, she was easily infected by viruses and bacteria that she could normally resist. This situation is called 'Opportunistic Infection'. Yuuki-kun was infected by something called a Pneumocystis Pneumonia and ended up hospitalized here, and that was about 3.5 years ago. Yuuki-kun continued to be positive. She would always have a smile on her face every day, saying 'I will never lose to the disease'. She never grumbled even during the painful checkups. However…"
Having paused here, the doctor seemed like he started to move.
"Whether it's in the hospital or the patient, there're lots of bacteria and viruses. Once the AIDS virus activates, we can only continue to treat the symptoms that came with the 'Opportunistic Infection'. After the pneumonia, Yuuki-kun was infected with throat candida—At this moment, society was rocked by the Nerve Gear incident, and there was a huge commotion. At that time, there was even a discussion to seal off the FullDive Technology completely. However, the country and some manufacturers finished their research on Nerve Gear in medical treatment…the first experimental Medicuboid was completed at this moment. Also, they moved the machine over to this hospital to start the clinical trials. But even though it was an experiment, the original machine was that scary Nerve Gear, and nobody knew what would happen to the brain if we increased the density output of the electronic pulses over a long period. So in these circumstances, it was really difficult to find any volunteers that were willing to help with the experiment. Once I knew about this…I proposed something to Yuuki-kun and her family…"
Asuna continued to wait for the doctor to continue as she looked at Yuuki on the bed and the white cube-shaped object that seemed to swallow her head.
The center of her head was numb due to cold, but Asuna's confused consciousness was blankly thinking to prevent herself from facing this reality.
From the looks of the early development, Medicuboid probably wasn't a continuation of AmuSphere, but an extension of the Nerve Gear. Asuna was used to the AmuSphere, but she could imagine that pure feeling of the virtual world created from the Nerve Gear. The AmuSphere was a machine that had three, four times the number of safety precautions added since the SAO incident, but the virtual world that was created really couldn't be compared to the first generation in terms of quality.
The Medicuboid was installed with many times the number of pulse generated components compared to the Nerve Gear, and could completely eliminate the feeling of the body, and even had a CPU that had a processing speed that was far superior to the AmuSphere—in other words, was the overwhelming ability Yuuki displayed in Alfheim because of the outstanding specs of this machine?
Asuna had this idea for a moment, but she immediately rejected the notion. Yuuki's amazing sword skills have exceeded the level which a machine's specs could display. In regards to the talent in battle, Yuuki's ability was enough to match Kirito's, and maybe even beat him.
As far as Asuna knew, the reason Kirito became so strong was because he spent much more time fighting on the frontlines than anyone in those two years where they were imprisoned in SAO. If that's the case, how long had Yuuki been in that world created by the Medicuboid—
"As you can see here, the Medicuboid is a delicate machine."
Doctor Kurahashi, who was silent for a while, started talking again,
"As you can see here, the trial machine of the Medicuboid is one that needs a lot of careful maintenance. In other words, it had to be in a place where the air was free of dust, bacteria and viruses. Once the patient is willing to enter the sterile room, it could drastically reduce the risk of infection. It was because of this that I suggested Yuuki-kun and her family to accept this experiment."
"…"
"However, even now, I would still wonder whether this was the best thing for Yuuki-kun. When treating AIDS, the «QOL»—Quality of Life is something noted to be really important. The doctor has to consider about how to improve and maximize the patient's lifestyle while undergoing treatment. From that sense, the volunteer who accepted this experiment would not be considered good when considering her quality of life. She couldn't leave the sterile room, and couldn't interact with anyone. My proposal really bothered Yuuki-kun and her parents. However, it was probably because of the expectations to this unknown virtual world that made Yuuki-kun decide on this…she agreed to take part in this experiment and entered this room. After that, Yuuki-kun continued to remain in this Medicuboid all this time."
"All this time…you mean…?"
"Just as I said. Yuuki-kun almost never returned to the real world. Or rather, she couldn't. During a hospice treatment, we would use morphine to ease the patient's pain. For Yuuki-kun, we used the Medicuboid's sense removal function to replace morphine…she has been in all sorts of virtual worlds travelling, other than a few hours a day where data was collected. Of course, I talked to her in that world."
"In other words…she dived in for 24 hours a day…? How long has that been…?"
"About three years."
On hearing the doctor's simple answer, Asuna immediately couldn't say anything.
Before today, Asuna thought that amongst all the users of AmuSphere in the whole world, the ones with the most dive experience should be the old SAO players, including her. But now she knew that she was wrong. This skinny girl lying in front of her was the purest virtual traveler in the world. This was the reason Yuuki became so strong.
—You became a resident of this world already? Kirito once asked Yuuki this. He must have felt that Yuuki was similar to him in some aspects during their short battle.
Asuna realized that a form of belief started to spread inside her. It was like she was standing in front of a swordsman who far surpassed her, offering a beloved sword to this swordsman. She had such a feeling as she closed her eyes, and then lowered her head.
After a moment of silence, Asuna looked back at Doctor Kurahashi,
"Thank you for letting me see Yuuki—she should be alright if she continues to remain here, right? She can continue to journey through that world, right…?"
However, the doctor didn't answer Asuna's question directly. He sat on the chair in front of the control panel, had his hands placed together on his knees, and then stared at Asuna with a steady expression.
"—Even if she's in a sterile room, it's impossible to remove the bacteria and viruses that were in her body. With the weakening of the immune system, they will continue to multiply. Right now, Yuuki-kun's infected by Cytomegalovirus and Non-tuberculous Mycobacteria, and she has almost lost all her vision. The encephalitis caused by the HIV is worsening, and I think she probably won't be able to move her body on her own."
"…"
"She was infected with HIV for 15 years…her AIDS acted up for 3.5 years. Right now, Yuuki-kun's condition is in a terminal state. She clearly knows about this. I suppose you should know the reason Yuuki-kun disappeared right before your eyes."
"How could it…how could it be…"
Asuna widened her eyes and shook her head slightly. However, she couldn't ignore what she just heard with her ears.
Yuuki would always hesitate over whether she should be with Asuna. The reason she did so was because she really cared for Asuna. She did this to prevent Asuna from feeling hurt on the day she had to leave. No, it's not just her. It was because Shiune and the other Sleeping Knights understood the truth that they would have the attitude of a mysterious group.
However, Asuna never noticed it, and never tried to think about it. She merely continued to inflict more pain on Yuuki. On remembering the tears Yuuki shed before she logged out of the Black Iron Palace, Asuna felt an aching in her heart.
At this moment, Asuna thought of something, and she immediately looked at the doctor.
"Then…doctor, does Yuuki have an elder sister…?"
On asking this, the doctor immediately frowned as if he was shocked by this sudden statement, and hesitated for a while, before slowly nodding his head.
"—It's not about Yuuki-kun herself, so I didn't mention it…yes, she has a twin elder sister. It was the caesarian section at the beginning that caused this tragedy."
The doctor seemed to be searching through his memories as he said,
"Her sister's name was Aiko, and she too stayed in this hospital. Both twin sisters weren't similar…the elder sister would always smile in the past, silently protecting the energetic and lively Yuuki-kun. Oh yes…her appearance would resemble you somewhat…"
Why past tense? Asuna muttered deep inside her heart and stared at the doctor. And the doctor seemed to hear the voice in her heart as he added,
"Yuuki-kun's parents…died 2 years ago, and her sister died a year ago."

What she thought she should understand lost all significance.
In that world, Asuna saw many instances of countless people dying, and she herself edged on the borders of death. Thus, she felt that she understood the meaning of life and death. She knew that she couldn't change this fact that happened in front of her even if she struggled.
She only knew Yuuki for a few days, but after knowing of her past and her current situation, Asuna still couldn't accept such a heavy fact, and could only lean her body on the thick glass in front of her. The meaning of the term 'reality' and the significance it had seemed to corrode and blurred, even disappearing completely in the end. Asuna lowered her head and placed her forehead on the icy cold surface.
I've already fought hard, so what's so bad about being insistent with such a little happiness? Asuna always had this thought, which was why she was scared of change, didn't dare to argue with others, and could only find all sorts of excuses for her cowardice and silence.
However, Yuuki was fighting ever since she was born. She continued to wrestle against this cruel reality that tried to take everything away from her. Even after knowing that the end was near for her, she was still able to show such a dazzling smile.
Asuna closed her eyes hard and shouted to Yuuki, who was traveling in a certain distant world, from deep within her heart.
—Let me see you again. Just once.
This time, once they meet, both of them must continue to talk for a long time. Yuuki once said that some things have to be done through forceful means for the other party to understand. If she couldn't shake away her weak side and all her baggage to talk with Yuuki, there was no need for both sides to talk.
Asuna finally felt a warm liquid coming out of her eyes. She placed her right hand on the glass and exerted force into her fingers, looking like she was searching for a certain kind of touch on that slippery surface.
At this moment, a gentle voice came from somewhere.
?Don't cry, Asuna.?
Asuna quickly raised her head, shocked. She shook aside the water droplets on her eyelashes and opened her eyes, staring at Yuuki who was lying on the bed. The petite profile was no different from before, still lying there. The machine that covered Yuuki's face didn't change at all. However, Asuna noticed a blue light blinking on a monitor panel opposite the glass. The words behind the screen were different from before, showing the words [user talking].


"Yuuki…?"
Asuna murmured, and then spoke with a trembling yet clear voice,
"Yuuki? Are you over there?"
Asuna immediately heard the response. It seemed that the voice came from the microphone installed on the wall,
?Un. It's through the camera, but I can see you, Asuna. Amazing…you look just like you do in-game. Thank you…for coming to see me.?
"…Yuuki…I…I…"
She wanted to say something, but didn't know what she should say. This anxiety that couldn't be described made Asuna's chest feel uncomfortable.
But before she spoke, the voice came from above the head again.
?Doctor, please let Asuna use the neighboring room.?
"Eh…"
Asuna was puzzled and looked around to see Doctor Kurahashi looking serious as he seemed to be pondering about something. However, he immediately showed a steady smile that cleared everything, and nodded his head before saying,
"Alright—there's a seat I use for FullDive to talk and an AmuSphere. The door can be locked from the inside, but please try not to exceed 20 minutes. As for the procedures, I won't be explaining them."
"I…I got it."
Asuna hurriedly nodded, and then looked back at the girl who was lying on the Medicuboid. Yuuki's voice echoed again.
"The application of the ALO launcher is installed inside. Once you log in, we'll meet at the first place we met."
"Un...I got it. Wait a minute, I'll be right there."
Asuna said with a firm voice, bowed to Doctor Kurahashi behind her, and turned around. She took a few steps to the door deep within the observation room and raised her hand at the scanner. The door slid aside, and Asuna immediately darted in.
What was behind the door was a room that was half the size of the observation room. There were two black leather recliners inside, and the headrest on both sides had a familiar ring-shaped helmet.
Asuna hurriedly locked the door, put her bag on the floor and laid down on the nearest chair. She used the button on the handle to adjust the reclining angle of the back, and then raised the AmuSphere before putting it on her head. She took a deep breath, pressed the switch, and there was a white light in front of her. Asuna's consciousness left the real world.

Upon waking up as a rapier user of the water fairy race, Asuna literally flew out of the bedroom of the forest home before her senses even got used to the VR world.
She flapped her wings in the air to glide, and immediately flew out of the window without touching the floor. Right now, It was about dawn in Alfheim, and the thick forest was covered with white fog. She turned in the air and immediately rose quickly, breaking through the white fog as she rose out of the woods. Asuna put her hands close to herself and continued to rush through the center of the level.
It took her less than 3 minutes to reach the air above the main streets. Then, Asuna flew straight to the center of the plaza and landed in front of the transfer gate. As countless players stared at her wide eyed, she turned around and pulled an emergency stop. She then jumped into the portal the moment she stopped.
"Transfer! Panareze!"
The moment she shouted it, a bluish-white light immediately flowed down like a waterfall, pushing Asuna up.
The transfer immediately ended. Once she came out from the transfer gate, it was the main of the central plaza on the 24th level Panareze. Asuna forcefully kicked the stone floor on her right and leaped into the sky. This time, she flew towards an island north of the capital. The girl that was flying at full speed continued to leave afterimages on the water that vibrated.
In a short period of time, she saw the profile of a large tree. It felt like her duel at the base of that tree against «Absolute Sword» Yuuki took place a long time ago. The island that was fully crowded back then could be said to be completely silent.
Asuna slowed down as she went around the tree and got ready to land. As there was a thick layer of fog below, she couldn't see the ground.
Once she stepped onto the grass that was covered with dew, she started to look at the environment around her. Perhaps the light of day wasn't enough as she could only see several meters in front of her. Feeling anxious, Asuna could only move around the woods quickly.
Once she was halfway through and arrived on the eastern side of the trees…light finally came in from the outside, sweeping away the morning mist immediately. Asuna finally found the person she was looking for through the gap between the white curtains.
Yuuki's back was facing Asuna, and her deep purple hair and bluish-purple dress was swaying. At this moment, Asuna could only hold her breath and watch this. The dark elf girl suddenly turned around and stared at Asuna with her amethyst colored eyes. Her light-colored lips showed a frail smile, like snow.
"—For some reason, I just had the feeling that Asuna would try to find me in the real world. I didn't tell you anything, and that couldn't possibly happen."
After murmuring such words, Yuuki smiled again,
"But you still came, Asuna. It's rare for my premonitions to come true, but I was really happy…"
They didn't meet for a mere few days, but it felt like Yuuki's standing posture had a little transparent feeling. This made Asuna feel tight in her chest, as she seemed to be scared, wondering whether the girl in front of her was merely an illusion, as she slowly walked forward, step by step.
The fingers Asuna reached out finally touched Yuuki on the left shoulder. She immediately couldn't hold back the impulse to check Yuuki's body temperature as she silently hugged her with both arms.
Yuuki didn't look panicked at all, as she leaned on Asuna's shoulder like grass swaying with the wind. She still had her armor on, but Yuuki's body still gave a warmth that was enough to move someone's heart. The level of this was more than values that electronic pulses could determine. Asuna heaved a sigh and closed her eyes.
"…When Nee-chan hugged me, she had this smell as well. It was the smell of the sun…"
Yuuki, who rested on Asuna's body, muttered.
At this moment, Asuna finally said her first words through trembling lips.
"Aiko…san? Your sister played VRMMOs too?"
"Un. The hospital allows people to use the AmuSphere in an ordinary room. Nee-chan was the first leader of the Sleeping Knights. She was a lot stronger than me…"
Asuna felt that Yuuki's forehead was leaning hard on her shoulder, and raised her right hand to stroke the silky hair of the dark elf. Yuuki froze for a while, but immediately relaxed, and then continued,
"At the start, there were 9 members of the Sleeping Knights, but including Nee-chan, 3 people have disappeared…so I discussed it with Shiune and the rest, that we would disband the guild once the next person disappears. Before that, we wanted to create wonderful memories together…to talk about an adventure that we hope can make Nee-chan proud…"
"…"
"The place we first met was a medical network called «Serene Garden», a virtual hospice. Even when our illnesses were all different, in the broad sense, we're all people in the same circumstances. We could talk to each other in the VR world, play games, and enjoy our lives to the fullest until the end…this was the intent behind this operation."
Having heard Doctor Kurahashi's words the moment she entered the hospital, Asuna's heart has somewhat felt that the Sleeping Knights, including Yuuki, were all able to be so strong, energetic and calm was because they were all in the same boat.
Even though she already had such a thought, Yuuki's words continued to weigh down heavily on Asuna's mind. Shiune, Jun, Tecchi, Nori, Taruken's cheerful smiles flashed through her mind.
"Sorry for not telling you the truth, Asuna. The reason the Sleeping Knights were about to disband in Spring wasn't because everyone was starting to get busy and didn't want to play games, but that two of us were already declared to not last past March. So…so, that's why we hoped to create our final memories in that wonderful world. We wanted to leave the proof that we once existed on that Memorial."
Yuuki's voice started to tremble again. However, Asuna could only exert a little more force into her arms that hugged Yuuki.
"However, our attacks weren't successful...everyone discussed it and decided to get someone to help out. Actually, some of us actually objected to it. Once that person knows about our problems, we'll be bothered, and there would be bad memories left behind. In the end, this really happened…sorry…I'm really sorry Asuna. If possible…please forget about us…"
"How can I do so?"
After answering simply, Asuna brought her face to Yuuki's.
"I've never felt bothered, and I never thought that those were bad memories. Being about to meet with you guys, being able to help you guys defeat the boss, I was really happy. Even now…I want to join the Sleeping Knights!"
"…Ahh…"
Yuuki's breathing and body jerked for a moment.
"I'm…really happy to be able to come to this world to meet with Asuna…those words of yours were enough. I'm happy now…I have no regrets…"
"…"
Asuna put both hands on Yuuki's shoulders and slowly moved her body away as she stared at the teary bright amethyst-colored eyes.
"You still have a lot of things you haven't done, right…? There's a lot of places in Alfheim you haven't been to…including the other VR worlds, this world can be said to be unlimited. That's why you can't say that you're satisfied…"
Asuna desperately told Yuuki off, but she merely showed a depressed expression as she looked elsewhere, and then smiled,
"During these three years…we've been through all sorts of adventures in all sorts of worlds. I hope that my final page in my life will be a memory created together with Asuna."
"But…you have lots of things you haven't finished and places you wanted to go to, right…"
She felt that if she agreed with what Yuuki said, this girl in front of her would disappear behind the morning fog. Thus, Asuna frantically tried to convince her. At this moment, Yuuki turned her eyes that were looking afar back at Asuna, and showed a mischievous smile she showed several times in their assault on the boss.
"Yeah…if possible, I want to check out a school."
"Sc…school?"
"I would occasionally go to a school in the imaginary world, but I always felt that it was too peaceful, beautiful and formal. I want to go back to the sort of real school I used to study in."
She blinked, and smiled, before cringing back in an embarrassed manner.
"Sorry, I know this isn't possible. I'm grateful for your thoughts, Asuna, but I'm really contented…"
"—Maybe you really can go."
"…Eh?"
Yuuki continued to blink and stared at Asuna seriously. Asuna continued to summon some memories in her mind and spoke again,
"Maybe you can really go to school…"

Chapter 10
The next day, January 12, 12.50pm, at the north end of the third level of the second school compound.
At a computer room where the sound of the noon break's buzz could be heard slightly, Asuna straightened her back and sat on a chair.
On the right shoulder of her blazer-type uniform, was a dome-shaped machine about 7cm in diameter that was held together by a harness.
Its base was made by cutting away aluminum, and the dome was made from transparent acrylic. One could see the lens inside. There were two cables that were attached to the socket below. One of them was attached to the mobile phone in Asuna's blazer pocket, while the other was attached to a computer on a table nearby.
Kazuto and two other students, who attended the mechatronics course with him, were exchanging words with each other in front of the computer, chatting away as if they were chanting spells.
"I told you that this gyroscope is too sensitive. If you want to prioritize the traceability of the visuals, you want to adjust the parameters here and here."
"But wouldn't there be a lag if there is a sudden action?"
"We can only wait for the optimizing program learning to take effect then, Kazu."
"Aren't you done yet, Kirito-kun? Lunch break is almost over!"
Asuna, who was forced to maintain that position for 30 minutes, let out an anxious voice. Kazuto let out an 'un' and lifted his head.
"The initial settings are OK for now. Erm, Yuuki-san, can you hear me?"
Kazuto wasn't talking to Asuna, but to the dome-shaped device. In the microphone on the machine, «Absolute Sword» Yuuki's own energetic voice came.
?Haii, I hear you loud and clear!?
"Okay, I'm going to adjust the initial settings around the visuals to see if it's alright. When the visuals are clear enough, make a sound."
?Yes, I got it.?
The dome-shaped device on Asuna's shoulder, commonly called the «Double-sided Visual and Hearing message Probe», was a theme that Kazuto's class had started to experiment with and improve on in this world.
Simply put, this device could be connected through the AmuSphere and the Network, creating a direct visual and audio link between people in the virtual world to the real world. It uses the lens and the microphone of the probe to collect data, passes it through Asuna's handphone onto the network, and then to the Medicuboid in the Yokohama North General Hospital and finally to Yuuki, who dived into the specialized virtual world. The lens could freely rotate in the dome-shaped lens with Yuuki's vision to show any images she wanted to see. Right now, Yuuki should be getting the feeling that she's 1/10 of her own body size and sitting on Asuna's shoulder.
As Asuna heard Kazuto's grumblings regarding this research, she immediately thought that this device could be used once she heard that Yuuki wanted to go to school.
Uiin. The device rang on the right shoulder as the lens was adjusted. Yuuki then said 'I see it' as it stopped.
"Alright. That should do for now. Asuna, we added a stabilizer unit, but try not to do anything too sudden. Don't make voices that are too loud too. She can hear it if it's of audible volume."
"Okay, I got it~."
Asuna stretched her back as she answered Kazuto, who nagged about things to be taken note of before standing up. She saw Kazuto plug on the cable linked to the PC and immediately whispered to the probe on the shoulder,
"Sorry, Yuuki. I wanted to bring you around the school, but lunch break is over."
Yuuki's voice immediately came from the mini-microphone.
?It's alright. I'm even more interested in listening to your lesson!?
"Okay, let's say hello to the teacher for the next period."
After waving at Kazuto and his two buddies who managed to finish setting up everything in such a short time and showed tired looks, Asuna walked out of the computer lab.
She went past the corridor, down the staircase, and through the school's link bridge between the compounds. Yuuki would start to cheer whenever she saw anything, but she immediately went silent once they arrived in front of the door tagged 'Staff Room'.
"…What's wrong?"
?Erm…well, I didn't really like coming to the staff room in the past…?
"Fufufu, don't worry. The teachers in this school aren't like that."
Asuna smiled and whispered before opening the door quickly.

"Excuse us!"
?Ex, excuse us!?
Two voices, one loud and one soft rang inside the room at the same time. Asuna then quickly crossed through an entire row of tables.
The fifth period was National Language, and the teacher taking this period was a teacher who was once the head of department in an independent school. He retired, and after which, voluntarily came to this established education facility that was suddenly built. He was almost 70 years old, but was able to successfully operate the network devices throughout this school, and Asuna liked his wise mannerisms.
Because she knew of this teacher's nature, Asuna felt that he probably wouldn't object to Yuuki listening, but still nervously explained the entire situation. The teacher with the nice white hair and beard took a large teacup in his hand as he listened to Asuna's explanation. Once she was done, the teacher nodded and said,
"Un, it's alright. Oh yes, what's your name?"
?Ah, I'm…Yuuki—Konno Yuuki.?
On hearing the immediate answer from inside the probe, the teacher was more or less shocked, but he immediately smiled and said,
"Konno-san, if you want to, please continue coming to class. We're going to start on «Torokko» by Akutagawa. This can only be interesting if you study it till the end."
?Ye…yes, thank you very much!?
As Yuuki and Asuna finished thanking the teacher, the preparatory bell for class rang, and Asuna hurriedly lowered and bowed her head to take her leave. Once they left the staff room, both of them heaved a sigh at the same time.
After looking at each other and smiling, Asuna quickly moved back to the classroom.
Once she got back to her seat, the students around her immediately asked her what the mysterious device on her shoulder was. Asuna explained that Yuuki was hospitalized, and once Yuuki actually spoke up, everyone immediately understood. They started to introduce themselves. Once this ended, the bell for class rang, and the teacher's profile appeared at the door.
As the duty personnel called to greet—the lens of the probe started to move up and down—the teacher who arrived at the podium first stroked his beard on his chin and started with the lesson as usual.
"Eh—and now, we're going to start from page 98 of the textbook, «Torokko» by Akutagawa Ryunosuke. This is a work made when Akutagawa was 30 years old—"
As the teacher explained, Asuna took out her thin tablet-type computer, and then put it in front of Yuuki so that she could see it. However, the next sentence the teacher said nearly caused her to drop the PC from her hands.
"—Then, let's have a student read this from the first paragraph. Konno Yuuki-san, would you please read this passage?"
"Ha?"
?Ye, yes??
Asuna and Yuuki let out a shocked voice, and there was an immediately ruckus in the classroom.
"Is there a problem?"
Before Asuna could answer the teacher's question, Yuuki already answered loudly,
?Ok, I got it!?
It seemed that the speaker inside the probe had a device that amplified the volume, as Yuuki's voice clearly filled every corner in the classroom. Asuna hurriedly stood up, raised her tablet PC to the lens, tilted her head to the right, and whispered,
"Yuuki…you, you can read it?"
?Of course. I like to read books!?
Yuuki paused for a while after answering, and then started to recite the content of the textbook in an energetic voice.
?…The simple rail laying works between Odawara and Atami was…?
Asuna, who was holding the computer, closed her eyes as she focused as Yuuki recited the passage in cadence.
The screen in Asuna's heart clearly showed that Yuuki, who was wearing a uniform similar to hers, standing right beside her. Asuna was certain that one of these days, this dream would become real. Medical care would improve every year. In the near future, they would definitely be able to discover a drug to eliminate HIV completely, and Yuuki would be able to return to the real world. At that moment, she definitely had to hold her real hand and introduce the school and neighboring streets to her. After school, they had to head to a fast food restaurant far away, eat hamburgers and chit-chat away.
Asuna quietly wiped her tears to prevent Yuuki from noticing. Yuuki continued to recite this classic passage from the previous century, and the teacher never told her to stop. The school afternoon became abnormally quiet, and it felt like the entire school was listening to her.
Yuuki then continued to attend lessons until after the sixth period, and Asuna introduced her to the school environment as promised. Unexpectedly though, a few classmates followed, and everyone tried to talk to Yuuki.
In the end, both of them were finally alone, and as Asuna sat on the bench in the courtyard, the sky became orange.
?Asuna…thank you very much for today. I'm happy…I definitely won't forget today.?
Yuuki suddenly said in a serious tone, and Asuna instinctively replied in a cheery voice,
"What are you saying? Didn't the teachers say that you can come every day? Japanese is in the third period tomorrow. You can't be late! Speaking of which…well, do you have any other place you want to see? Anywhere is fine, aside from the principal's office."
Yuuki chuckled, and then went silent. After a while, she timidly said,
?Well…I have a place I want to go to…?
"Where?"
?Will somewhere outside the school do??
"Eh…"
Asuna couldn't help but shut up. She pondered for a while, but decided that the battery of the probe would still last, and Yuuki should be able to see it as long as the handheld terminal was connected to the net.
"Un, it's alright. It's fine if the handheld antenna can reach it."
?Really? It's…slightly far…I want you to bring me to Hodogaya in Yokohama, a place called Tsukimidai.?

From where the school was, Asuna and Yuuki took the central line from the Western Tokyo area and went on to Hodogaya, Yokohama.
They weren't exactly whispering to each other on the train, but once they got onto the road, Asuna ignored the surrounding stares and continued to talk to the two-way probe on her shoulder. Yuuki never expected that the streets would have changed so much during the 3 years which she was hospitalized, so Asuna would lean over to explain to her whenever there was something she was interested in.
As they continued to walk and stop, the large clock in the center of the train station showed that it was past 5.30pm when they alighted at their destination, Hoshikawa Station.
They looked up at the sky that turned from crimson red to dark purple, and Asuna took a deep sigh. Perhaps it was because there were a lot of forests nearby that it felt that the cold air here felt different from Tokyo's.
"This street is really pretty, Yuuki. The sky looks wide."
Yuuki said in an energetic yet embarrassed tone,
?Un…sorry, Asuna. My stubborn request made you stay back so late…are you alright, Asuna??
"It's alright! It's common for me to head back home late!"
She instinctively said that, but in fact, Asuna would pretty much be home before dinner almost all the time. That was because her mother would be unhappy if she did not do so. However, she felt that it didn't matter even if she went home and got thoroughly scolded. As long as Yuuki hoped, and the battery of the probe was enough, it didn't matter how far she would go.
"I'll send a message."
Asuna said in a carefree tone, and then took her mobile phone out. She continued to send a message to her computer at home while being connected to the probe, saying that she would be home late. Her mother would be sending a message to her for ignoring the curfew and would sometimes even personally call her, but if the phone was connected to the net, the call would probably be sent to voicemail.
"All okay now. Then, where do you want to go, Yuuki?"
?Erm…turn left from in front of the station, and then turn right on the second traffic light…?
"Nn, got it."
Asuna nodded, and then started moving forward. With Yuuki leading her, she went through the little shopping street in front of the station.
Yuuki would say a few words as if she was reminiscing when they moved through the bakery, the fish shop, the post office or the front of the shrine. Soon, they arrived at the residential area. Yuuki sighed as she saw a house with a large dog house and large camphor trees.
Thus, even if Yuuki didn't say it, Asuna understood that this street was the one she once lived in. And right in front of both of them was—
?…After making the turn on the right, please stop in front of a white house…?
Asuna noticed it. Yuuki's voice was already trembling when she said that. She went past the park with a row of bare poplar trees, turned right, and immediately saw a white-tiled bungalow on the left side.
After walking a few steps forward, Asuna stopped in front of the bronze gate.
?…?
On her shoulder, Yuuki sighed for a long while. Asuna inadvertently reached the finger of her left hand, placed it under the aluminum probe, and whispered to her,
"That's…Yuuki's house, right?"
?Un…I never thought that I would be able to see this house again…?
This house with the white walls and green roof obviously looked smaller than the surrounding residences, but it had a wide garden. The table on the grass patch had a white wooden bench, and there was a large flower bed surrounded by red bricks deep inside the garden.
However, right now, the table's color had faded because of wind erosion, and what was left of the flowerbed was only black soil and dry, wilted grass. The windows on both sides of the house showed a warm and cozy orange of a family's harmony, but the windows in the white house had the rain cover put down. It looked like nobody lived in the house.
However, this was to be expected. Of the parents and two daughters who once lived together in this house, only one was left. Right now, the last one was in an airtight room, lying on a bed surrounded by machines, and unable to leave that place.
The house became a deep purple under the last ray of sunlight. Asuna and Yuuki just stared at it like that. After a while, Yuuki whispered,
?Thank you Asuna. Thank you for bringing me to such a far place…?
"Do you want to take a look inside?"
It would be bad if passers-by saw this, but Asuna still asked this. Yuuki herself merely shook the lens left and right.
?No, this is okay. Here…we have to go back now, or else it'll be quite late, Asuna.?
"It's still early…we can still stay until later."
Asuna instinctively answered this and turned over to look behind her. What was opposite the long and narrow road was a park, and outside the park, there was a wall of trees with stones as the base.
Asuna moved across the street and sat on the stone wall that was knee high. The front of the probe could capture the image of the small house that was in slumber. Over here, Yuuki's eyes should be able to see the entire house and yard.
Both of them stayed silent for a while, and Yuuki finally said calmly,
?We only stayed here for less than a year…but back then, every single day, I remembered them all. We stayed at an apartment before that, so I was happy that we had a garden here. Mama was scared that we would be infected with complications, but nee-chan and me would often run about in the garden. We would roast meat in front of that bench, and would often make bookshelves with Dad. We were really happy back then…?
"That's great. I never did those kind of things before."
Asuna's house had what could be said to be an overly wide garden, but she didn't remember playing there with her parents or her brother. She would always be alone playing house or drawing. Thus, the family memories Yuuki talked about reverberated strongly through her heart.
?Then, we'll have a roast meat party at your house on the 22nd level next time.?
"Un!...then, it's a promise. I'll invite my friends and Shiune and the rest over…"
?Wa, I have to make lots of meat then. Jun and Thatch really can eat.?
"Really? They didn't look like it!"
Both of them laughed, and then, they looked over at Yuuki's house again.
?Right now…my relatives are arguing over this house.?
Yuuki muttered as she sounded a little lonely.
"What do you mean by they're arguing so much…?"
?Like whether they should tear it down and remake it into a convenience store or turn it into empty land and sell it, or rent it out directly…everyone has their own suggestions. Before that, Papa's elder sister would even dive in to meet me. She knew that I was sick, and avoided me in the real world...yet came here…and told me to write a will…?
"…"
On hearing that, Asuna couldn't help but gasp.
?Ah, sorry. I shouldn't be grumbling about such things to you randomly.?
"It…it's okay—just say it, let it all out until you feel comfortable."
Asuna finally managed to squeeze out a calm voice. On hearing that, Yuuki used the probe to nod.
?I'll continue then. In the end…I told her this. In the real world, I can't hold a pen or stamp, so how can I write a will? In the end, aunt was gobsmacked and speechless.?
Fufufu, Yuuki chuckled at this point. Asuna smiled back at her.
?And then, I requested her to keep this house back then. As for the maintenance fees, Papa's inheritance should be enough to cover it for about 10 years. But…I don't think it would be enough. I guess it'll most likely be torn down. So, I wanted to look at this house before that happens…?
Yuuki was probably using the lens to zoom in on several parts of the house as Asuna's right ear could hear the servo control device letting out a slight sound. On hearing Yuuki's reminiscing voice, Asuna, who had lots of mixed feelings, finally said what she wanted to say.
"Then…do it."
?Eh…??
"You're 15, right, Yuuki? Once you're 16, get married to someone you like. That person can continue to protect this house for you…"
Once she said that, Asuna realized that she had said something wrong. If Yuuki really liked someone, that person would be one of the males amongst the Sleeping Knights. And these members were fighting diseases that were difficult to cure, and someone had even been told that he only had a few months left to live. In that case, even if Yuuki got married, the situation wouldn't change much, and would even become more complicated. Besides, one had to consider the other party's situation and feelings when it came to marriage…
But after a moment of silence, ahahahahaha, Yuuki started laughing.
?Ahahaha, A, Asuna, you're amazing! I see. I never thought about that. U~n, that may be a good idea. If it's a marriage certificate, I might try writing it—but I don't have any partner~?
Asuna cringed and asked Yuuki who was still laughing,
"Is, is that so…? I noticed that you and Jun have quite a good relationship."
?Ah, no no. he's still a kid! Oh yeah…erm…?
Yuuki suddenly said in a mischievous tone,
?Asuna…do you want to get married with me??
"Eh…"
?Ah, but you have to join my family in that case, Asuna, or else I would become Yuuki Yuuki.?
Fufufu, as Yuuki laughed, Asuna could only roll blank white eyes. Every year, the media would report that Japan was ready to accept homosexual marriages lawfully, like in America, but there wasn't any bill introduced—after hearing that, Asuna immediately wavered, and Yuuki chuckled happily again,
?Sorry sorry, I was just joking. You have someone you like, right? That person who helped adjust the lens for me, right…?
"Eh…that…un, well…"
?You have to be careful~?
"Heh…?"
?That guy also seems to be living in a world different from reality, in a different sense from me.?
"…"
Asuna wanted to think carefully about what Yuuki meant, but her confused brain couldn't calm down no matter what. She rubbed her face that was becoming red, and Yuuki used the lens to look at the side of her friend's face before saying in a steady voice,
?Thank you very much, Asuna. I'm already happy that I could see this house again. Even if the house disappears in the future, my memories will remain here. My Papa, Mama, nee-chan, our happy memories together, will always be here…?
Asuna knew that the 'here' Yuuki referred to wasn't the land that the house was on, but her own heart.
This house's gentle and peaceful state finally left a deep impression in Asuna. She then nodded hard, and Yuuki continued,
?…If nee-chan and I cried as we couldn't take the pain with the medication, Mama would talk to us about Lord Jesus. She said that the Lord Jesus wouldn't give us pain which we couldn't endure. I would then pray with Mama and nee-chan. But back then, I was a little angry, because I didn't want to hear about the Bible, but Mama's words…?
In this short time, the sky had become completely deep blue, and there were even a few bright red stars starting to flicker.
?But as I saw this house again, I understood. Mama was actually talking to me all the time. She wasn't saying it with her words…but her heart. She continued to pray for me, allowing me to go on until the end…I finally understand now.?
Asuna's eyes seemed to see the mother and two daughters kneeling near the window at the white house, looking up at the sky and praying. She looked like she was guided by Yuuki's calm voice, and said the words that were jammed deep inside her.
"I've…I've…been unable to hear my mother's voice. Even when we face each other, I can't hear her heart. She never even bothers to understand my words. Yuuki, you said that we have to sometimes use forceful means for the other party to understand our intentions, right? What should I do to be like you, Yuuki…? What should I do to be as strong as you…?"
To Yuuki, whose parents have died, these words may have tugged at her wounds. Normally, Asuna would think about this and wouldn't be able to say it out. But at this moment, what came from Yuuki through the probe on the shoulder was a fortitude and gentleness that melted Asuna's mental wall away completely.
Yuuki answered Asuna's question with a bothered answer,
?I'm…not strong here, you know??
"That's not right. You won't be scared because of how other people look and back away. You're always…always so natural."
?Un…but, when I used to be in the real world, I often felt that I wasn't acting like myself. I know Papa and Mama were sorry for giving birth to nee-chan and me…so I felt that I had to give them an energetic look and pretend that I wasn't bothered over whether I was sick or not. Maybe it's because of this that I could only show myself like this once I entered Medicuboid. Perhaps, I was naturally a kid who hated everything around me, screaming and shrieking all day long.?
"…Yuuki…"
?But then, I thought later. It's alright even if it's an act…even if I pretend to look strong, it's alright. If I can increase the time that a smile remains on my face, it would be enough. You know that I don't have much time…so I felt that when interacting with others, wouldn't it be a waste of time if I try to guess people's feelings all the time? I might as well as present the most realistic side of me. It doesn't matter even if I get hated, it doesn't matter. Besides, I managed to end up in that person's heart.?
"…That's right…it's because of your attitude, Yuuki, that we became such good friends in these few days…"
?No, that's not because of me. It's because even if I tried to run away, you would persist and chase after me, Asuna.—Yesterday, when I saw you in the observation room, when I heard your voice, I understood your intentions completely. Once I knew that this person would still be willing to face me even after knowing that I was ill…I was really…really so happy that I cried out.?
Yuuki choked a little, and she continued,
?So…try using that feeling to talk to your mother. I think that if the will is there, she would definitely understand how you feel. It's alright. You're a lot stronger than me, Asuna. Really. Sometimes, both sides can only understand each other's feelings by ignoring everything else…it's because you came to me, Asuna, and showed your true self, that I felt 'if it's this person, I can definitely hand this over to you'.?
"…Thank you. Thank you very much, Yuuki."
After finally squeezing these words out, Asuna lifted her head to hide the tears in her eyes. She also found that in the sky of this capital that would not become completely dark, there were still some stars flickering hard as they tried not to lose to the artificial light.

Once they returned to the station, the battery alarm of the probe suddenly rang. Asuna and Yuuki agreed to turn up for lessons tomorrow, and Asuna cut off the power to the mobile phone.
It was past 9pm once Asuna took the train back to her house in Setagaya.
The girl heard the sound of the door opening as it echoed loudly through the icy cold air of the corridor hall, and sighed deeply. Her right shoulder still felt the weight of Yuuki sitting there. Asuna used her left hand to lightly grab the warm spot she left behind, took off her shoes and quickly walked to her room.
She changed into her indoor clothes and immediately came over to the corridor. Her destination was the room of her elder brother, Kouichirou, which was also deep inside the 2nd level. Asuna felt that Kouichirou, who was hardly at home, like her father, probably wouldn't be home yet, but she knocked on the door, and as expected, there was no response inside. She then opened the door on her own, similar to the first day the SAO server began operating, and walked in.
There were no furnishings inside. In the center of the plain room, there was a somewhat large office table placed there. The thing Asuna wanted to find was on the left side of the table. It was the AmuSphere Kouichirou used to set up meetings in the virtual world.
Kouichirou's AmuSphere could be said to be a lot newer than his sister's. Asuna grabbed the headgear and returned to her room. She then installed the memory card of ALO Aincrad into the card slot on the side of the machine, laid on the bed, adjusted Kouichirou's AmuSphere till it fit her, and put it on.
Once she turned on the power, the machine started its connecting sequence. She was then brought to the ALO log in space. However, having dived into the kingdom of elves, Asuna didn't use her familiar main account, but a side account she would occasionally use when trying to act as someone else.
She appeared at a living room of the house in the forest on the 22nd level. However, her body wasn't that of the familiar Undine named «Asuna», but another Sylph character called «Erika». She checked her clothing, put the two daggers on her waist into the chest, and summoned her menu to press the temporary log-out command button.
After a few more seconds of diving, Asuna immediately found herself back in her room in reality. She took off the AmuSphere, but the blue connecting indicator continued to flicker on the machine. This showed that the connection to the VR world was on suspension. She could immediately skip the log-in process and return to the game by putting on the headgear and switching on the power.
Asuna held her brother's AmuSphere in her hand and immediately got up. Due to the high powered router and wireless network that had a large range, she could remain connected no matter which part of the house she was in.
She opened the door and arrived on the corridor. This time, she used somewhat heavy footsteps to walk down the stairs.
She looked at the living room and the dining, found the tables were already tidied, and couldn't find her mother anywhere. Asuna continued to walk deeper, and saw a slight ray of light from below the door at the end. It was her mother's study.
She stopped in front of the door, then raised her right hand as she got ready to knock, but just couldn't take the next step.
Since when did coming to my mother's room become such a terrifying thing? Asuna bit her lips as she thought. However, the reason why it became like this was largely because of Asuna herself. As she didn't pass her thoughts seriously, her mother couldn't understand her real feelings. It was Yuuki who made her realize this.
The girl felt a small hand pushing her right shoulder. At the same time, a voice rang,
—It's alright. You can do it, Asuna…
Asuna nodded her head, forcefully took a deep breath, and then knocked the door hard.
Quickly, a slight 'please come in' voice came from behind the door. Asuna turned the handle, turned her body sideways into the room, and grabbed the door handle.
Kyouko was facing the thick teak table as she continued to type on the keyboard of the tabletop PC. She continued to type at the keyboard loudly for a while, and then forcefully pressed the enter button even harder before leaning her back on her chair. The mother pushed the glasses and looked at her daughter's eyes, seemingly harboring an invisible impatience.
"…Why did you come back so late?"
Kyouko said, and Asuna immediately lowered her head to apologize,
"Sorry."
"I handled dinner already. If you're hungry, find something to eat inside the fridge. The school transfer application I mentioned to you before will only last until tomorrow. You have to finish it by tomorrow morning."
Once Kyouko finished saying that, her hands returned to the keyboard, and Asuna said the words she wanted to say to her mother first.
"Mom, about this…I want to talk to you."
"Say it here then."
"I can't explain it here."
"Then where?"
Asuna didn't answer as she walked to Kyouko. She then reached her left hand out to point at something that was dangling behind her—the AmuSphere that was in suspend mode.
"The VR world…just for a while. I hope that you can come with me to some place."
Kyouko glanced at the silver ring for a moment, and seemed to see something she hated as she frowned. Then, she looked like she had nothing better to say as she waved her right hand.
"I don't want to wear such a thing. If we can't even talk face to face, I'm not going to listen."
"Please Mom. Please look at this, for just 5 minutes…"
Normally, Asuna would apologize and leave the room. However, she continued to take a step forward and closed in on Kyouko, before saying,
"Please, you must come here with me so that I can express my current thoughts and feelings. Just once…I want Mom to see my world."
"…"
Kyouko frowned even harder as she merely kept her mouth shut and stared at Asuna. Several seconds later, she sighed hard.
"—Just 5 minutes. Also, no matter what you say, Mom won't allow you to remain in that school. Once you're done, you have to fill in the application form."
"Okay…"
Asuna nodded and handed over the AmuSphere in her hand. Kyouko frowned and gave a look like she wasn't willing to touch such a thing, but received the device and put it over her head with a stiff motion.
"How do I operate this?"
Asuna quickly adjusted the belt, and then said,
"Once you switch on the power, it will automatically connect. Please wait for me when you enter."
Kyouko nodded her head slightly and leaned on the chair. Asuna then pressed the power switch on the right side of the AmuSphere. The net connection indicator light continued to flicker irregularly, and Kyouko's body immediately lost its strength.
Asuna hurriedly ran out of the study, sprinted through the corridor and the stairs and returned to her own room. She leapt on the bed and immediately put on the AmuSphere she normally used.
After pressing the power switch, a firing-shaped light appeared in front of Asuna, and her consciousness left the real world.
Asuna landed in the familiar white wooden living room in her Undine main character, and immediately looked around for «Erika». She immediately saw her. The light grass-colored short-haired Sylph was sitting in front of the full-body sized mirror beside the cutlery sideboard and looking at herself.
Asuna went close, and Erika/Kyouko turned behind slightly, frowning in the exact same manner as she would in the real world.
"It's strange to see a different face act according to my own will. And…"
She used her toes to tiptoe up and down.
"My body feels extremely light."
"Of course. This character's weight is about only 40kg. it should be a lot different from your weight in real life, Mom."
Asuna smiled as she said that, and Kyouko again frowned unhappily,
"How rude. I'm not that heavy—speaking of which…your face here really looks like the one in the real world."
"Un…yeah."
"However, your real figure seemed to be a little plumper."
"You're the rude one, Mom. I'm completely the same as I am in the real world."
As both of them talked, Asuna thought. When was the last time she could talk to Kyouko like that? She wanted to keep this conversation going, but Kyouko had her arms folded in front of her chest, indicating an attitude of which no random talk would be entertained.
"There is no time. What do you want to show me?"
"…Come over here"
Asuna sighed lightly as she crossed the living room and opened the small room that was normally used as a storeroom. She waited for Kyouko to move her imaginary feet over, and led her to a window deep inside the room.
In the living room facing south, one could see a painting-like scenery that included a wide hall that was covered with a lawn, a small track, a gradual hill and a small lake behind it. However, there was a small garden full of weeds and a small stream to the window in the north where the utility room was. There was also a coniferous forest that was nearby. Also, in this season, it seemed everything was buried in snow, as only a uniform color could be seen.
But this was what Asuna wanted Kyouko to see.
Asuna opened the window, looked at the deep forest and said,
"How is it? Don't you find it familiar?"
Kyouko frowned again, shook her head slightly and said,
"Like what? It's just an ordinary coniferous forest—"
What she wanted to say next seemed to be taken away. Kyouko's mouth was left half-open as she looked like she was looking at a scenery far away. At this moment, Asuna silently whispered to the side of her face,
"You remembered… Ojii-chan and Obaa-chan's house, right?"
Asuna's grandparents, Kyouko's parents, were farmers in the hills of Miyagi Prefecture. Their house was located in a village past the hills, and the land were all terraces that were carved out from the hillside. They did not have any machines to help with the farming. The main produce they offered was rice, but the amount they could produce was only enough for a family to last through a year.
In such an environment, they were still able to provide Kyouko with a college education because of the coniferous hill her ancestors left behind. Their old wooden house was built at the foot of the hill. Whenever one sat on the edge of the corridor in the house, the little garden and river could be seen along with the deep coniferous hill.
But compared to the Yuukis' main house in Kyoto, Asuna preferred to head over to 'her grandparents house in Miyagi' ever since she was young. During summer or winter break, she would beg the adults to bring her here, and she would then sleep with her grandparents and listen to them talk about many folk stories. During the summer, she would sit on the corridor and eat shaved ice, and during mid-winter, she would dry persimmon stems with her grandmother. There were all sorts of memories there, but Asuna remembered the scene most vividly; she hid under the old kotatsu in the middle of winter, eating oranges and staring at the coniferous forest outside the window.
Her grandparents didn't understand what was so nice about the forest, but Asuna would just look like her soul was sucked in as she continued to look at the black branches in the white snowy scene. She would look like a little mouse hiding in a hole under the pile of snow, waiting for spring to arrive, surrounded by an inexplicable feeling that was of a little fear and warmth as she continued to stare into that coniferous forest.
Her grandparents died when Asuna was in second year. The terrace and the hill were all sold, and the house no one stayed in was also torn down.
Thus, Asuna bought this 22nd level wooden house in Aincrad that was very different from the house in the hills Miyagi, whether it was physically or virtually. After seeing the coniferous forest that was covered under the large pile of snow from the north window, she felt so homesick that she had wanted to cry.
Asuna was clear that Kyouko didn't miss the poor farmer's life at all. However, she wanted to let Kyouko see this scene from the window. She wanted to let her mother see this scene she could see every day and yet tried to forget.
Unwittingly, the promised 5 minutes passed, but Kyouko continued to look at the coniferous forest silently. Asuna went beside her and slowly spoke,


"Do you remember the Obon Festival in my first year in Middle school? Dad, Mom, and Nii-san all went to Kyoto, and I was the only one who insisted on going to Miyagi. Then I really ran there on my own."
"…I remember."
"At that time, I apologized to Ojii-chan and Obaa-chan that you wouldn't be able to make it, Mom, that you were really sorry."
"At that time…the Yuuki family had a legal matter we had to attend to no matter what…"
"No, I'm not blaming you, Mom. That's because…when I apologized, Ojii-chan and Obaa-chan immediately took out a thick photo album. I was really shocked when I saw the contents. –everything was about you, Mom, whether it was your thesis in the beginning, or the documents you sent to all sorts of magazines, or the reports of your interviews, they were all archived neatly. Even the documents published on the internet were printed and stuck in. But both of them shouldn't be able to use the computer…"
"…"
"Then, Ojii-chan showed me the contents of the photo album and said that you're the most important treasure to him, Mom. He even said that he was really happy that you left the town to study in college, became a scholar and wrote all sorts of theses that were published in magazines and became even more outstanding. You would be so busy with your theses and studies that you couldn't make it back during an Obon festival, and it was to be expected, yet they never showed any displeasure…"
Kyouko merely stared at the forest as she silently watched Asuna. The sides of her face didn't show any emotion, but Asuna still continued to move her mouth,
"After that, Ojii-chan even added this. He said—Mom may end up being tired someday and need to rest or check where she went through. They will protect this home for that moment…when Mom needs assistance, they could still say 'you can come back here'. They will continue to protect this house and hill."
Asuna said as her mind recalled her maternal grandparents' house that didn't exist anymore. She then overlapped it with the white house she saw several hours ago. They were both spiritual homes. Even if it was physically gone, it would continue to exist in some people's hearts forever. To Asuna, this virtual world's 'House of Forest' was such a place.
This house would disappear one day, but in a certain sense, it would not disappear for real. That was because a so-called house wasn't just a building with a form—but something that kept the souls, emotions and way of life, like her grandparents.
"—In the past, I couldn't understand what Ojii-chan said, but recently, I could finally understand it. It's not only about telling me to work hard throughout my life…using someone's happiness as my own happiness is also a way of life."
Asuna's mind immediately thought of the faces of Kirito, Lisbeth and company, Yuuki, Shiune and company.
"…I want to choose a way of life where the people around me can smile and live. I want to live a life where I can support people when they feel tired. Thus—I want to learn more knowledge and other things in this loving school."
Asuna continued to ponder about her words, and finally said these words out.
However, Kyouko kept her mouth shut as she continued to look at the forest in front of her. Her dark green eyes showed a blank glow, and it was hard to read her inner thoughts.
The small room was shrouded in silence for a few minutes after that. Under the snowy field of large woods, two little animals that looked like rabbits were happily jumping about. Asuna's gaze was immediately attracted by that, but once she looked back to see Kyouko's face, she immediately held her breath.
A tear rolled down Kyouko's white crystal-like face and continued to drip onto the floor. Her lips were trembling, but the voice was so inaudible it was impossible to hear what she was saying.
After a while, Kyouko found herself crying and frantically used her hands to wipe her tears.
"Wait…what is this. I, I didn't want to cry out…"
"…Mom, it's impossible to hide your tears in this world. Nobody can stop crying when they feel like it."
"That's really inconvenient."
After letting out such words, Kyouko continued to rub her eyes, and seemed to have finally given up as she used both hands to cover her own face. After a while, a slightly sobbing noises could be heard from deep inside her throat. Asuna hesitated a few times before finally putting her hand lightly on Kyouko's trembling shoulder.

The next morning.
Sitting in front of the table at breakfast, Kyouko went back to how she was before. She was looking at the news on the tablet monitor. Asuna said good morning to her, and both of them silently tucked in. Asuna was mentally prepared for her mother to order her to hand over the transfer application. However, Kyouko merely looked at Asuna with a slightly sterner expression than usual, and suddenly said,
"Are you mentally ready to support someone for the rest of your life?"
Asuna hurriedly nodded her head.
"U…un."
"—However, you have to make yourself strong enough in order to support someone else. That's why you have to finish your university education. You have to get better grades than now in the third semester so that you can get into a good one."
"…Mom…that transfer…"
"Didn't I say it? I'll decide according to your grades. Do your best."
Once Kyouko said that, she stood up and hurriedly left the dining room. Asuna heard the sound of the door closing loudly, and then lowered her head slightly, before whispering 'Thanks, mom'.
Asuna changed into her uniform, took her bag, and was about to leave the house, keeping a solemn and gracious attitude. However, once she stepped out of the door, she started running at full throttle on the road as if it were a layer of thin ice, and her face naturally beamed.
She really wanted to immediately tell Kazuto that she could continue to study in the same school as him. She also wanted to immediately tell Yuuki that she had patched up her relationship with her mother.
Asuna passed through the crowd moving towards the station, and couldn't restrain herself from smiling at all.

3 days later, Asuna followed up on the promise she had made with Yuuki and carried out a large barbeque in front of the house of forest.
The ones who took part were her own friends, Kirito, Lisbeth, Klein, Lyfa, Silica, Yuuki, Shiune and the members of the Sleeping Knights. Also, even the leaders of the tribes, Sakuya, Alicia, Eugene and their aides came over. They even formed a small hunting group to fill this large group that had more than 30 people.
Before toasting, Asuna introduced the members of the Sleeping Knights to everyone. She hid the fact that they were asleep, but with Yuuki and company's agreement, she told them that they were an elite squad that wandered through several VRMMO and what memories they hoped to leave in ALO before disbanding.
The rumors that a mysterious Guild of only 7 people defeated the boss on the 27th level and that the «Absolute Sword» managed to beat more than 60 people in duels seemed to be widespread in Alfheim, so Sakuya, Eugene and company immediately tried to invite them to join their sides. Yuuki smiled as she refused them, but if the Sleeping Knights really were to become mercenaries of a certain tribe, the balance of power between the 9 spirit clans would change greatly, and would affect the 2nd edition's grand quest that was under way.
After a loud and rowdy toast, the party that stormed in like the wind started. Asuna and Yuuki started to eat and drink as they continued to talk. There was even a discussion of taking down the 28th level boss. Everyone then used this enthusiasm to take a tour into the 28th level dungeon, and just like that, a large group of people broke into the highest area of the 28th Dungeon to defeat the large crustacean type boss monster, but after that, it was just random talk and gossip.
Unfortunately, only Yuuki and Kirito, the party leader, and a few names were engraved on the Monument of Swordsmen. However, everyone agreed to let the Sleeping Knights challenge the 29th level, and so they disbanded.
Besides her adventures in Alfheim, Yuuki would use the two-way probe in the real world every day to attend Asuna's lessons. They even visited the Kirigayas in Kawagoe, and they went to Agil's café in Okachimachi.
At the beginning, Yuuki felt extremely wary when she faced the overly sensitive Kazuto. However, both of them were one-handed sword users, and after they talked to each other, Yuuki immediately opened her heart and started to talk passionately with Kazuto about the sword skills in ALO and the development of the probe in the real world. The way the two of them continued to chat with each other sometimes even made Asuna feel jealous. The other members of the Sleeping Knights also became friends with Lisbeth and Lyfa, and started planning all sorts of interesting activities.
It was February.
As promised, Asuna and the Sleeping Knights took down the boss of the 29th level as one party, and everyone in Alfheim knew their name. In the middle of the month, there was a united dueling tournament. Kirito, who was on the east block, and Yuuki, who was on the west block, continued to rack up victories and reached the finals, where the net broadcast channel «MMO Stream» showed a live telecast, bringing the entire atmosphere in the activity to its maximum.
As numerous players held their breaths, Yuuki and Kazuto used high level sword skills, including their own OSS, showing an abnormally dazzling and intense battle. This battle lasted more than 10 minutes, and finally, Yuuki used a brilliant god-like skill to defeat Kirito in 11 straight hits, and the crowd immediately roared and cheered in a way where it could shake the entire virtual world.
Having defeated Kirito, who made lots of legends—even though he didn't use his Dual Blades skill—«Absolute Sword» Yuuki was crowned the 4th champion of the tournament, and her name spread through the whole game of ALO, becoming a famed person throughout all users of «The Seed» Nexus.
Soon, it was March.
Asuna, who fulfilled the promise she made with her Mom through her end-of-term exams, was now on a 3 day 2 night trip to Kyoto with the probe on her shoulder, Rika (Liz), Keiko (Silica), Suguha (Lyfa) and Yui in her phone. At this point, the information collected by the probe could be shared to multiple users, so aside from Yuuki, Shiune, Jun and the rest could join them on the trip. Asuna's introduction to each tourist attraction was even more energetic.
They used the Yuukis' spacious rooms fully at night for their accommodation, and the budget they managed to save allowed them to head to the bright Kyoto restaurants to feast in. However, the taste of the food couldn't be passed through the probe to the people, and Yuuki and the rest continued to grumble that Asuna and company were too sly. Asuna could only promise them that she would make a similar tasting dish in the VR world, and Asuna herself ended up working hard in the VR kitchen for a few days.
Everything went by like a dream. Asuna and Yuuki went on a long journey together in both the virtual world and the real world. They had a lot of places they wanted to head to, and Asuna believed that they would have a lot of time.
On a certain day not too far away from April, the cold wind that came from the sea of Okhotsk caused Kanto to have a rare heavy snowfall in this season.
The thick snow that seemed to fully cover the presence of spring was starting to melt under the weak daylight.
At this moment, Asuna's phone received news from Doctor Kurahashi, stating that Yuuki's condition was worsening.

Chapter 11
Asuna stared at the short message on the little screen of her mobile phone and repeated the same words inside her heart.
How was this possible!?
How was this possible? Yuuki had been actively taking part in all sorts of activities, and Doctor Kurahashi even said that the tumor inside her head had disappeared. In recent years, there have been cases of people being able to hold back the inhibition of the virus after being infected by HIV for more than 20 years. Yuuki's only 15...her life was about to begin! Her condition was worsening, but up till now, she had several opportunistic infections that caused her to fall ill, so Yuuki would definitely be able to hang on.
But Asuna herself had another premonition. This was the first time the doctor sent a message to her directly. In other words, this should be a notice—that the moment had arrived. Every night, she would dread that moment, but would always try her best to shake off that notion. Right now, the time has come.
The girl had two conflicting thoughts in her as she remained stunned on the spot for a few seconds before blinking hard and getting ready to send a new message. She sent a message with the same content to Kirito, Lisbeth and company and also Shiune and the rest. After that, Asuna hurriedly took off her indoor clothes, and as she didn't want to waste time choosing any clothing, she systematically put on her school uniform. She put on her shoes and ran out of the house. The gentle light of day in the afternoon was reflected on the remaining white snow on the road as they entered Asuna's eyes.
It's the Sunday on the last week of March, 2pm. The pedestrians on the streets looked like they were impatient and couldn't wait for spring to come as they walked with a cheery attitude. Asuna went past them and rushed towards the station.
She couldn't remember how she managed to check where the trains were going or even where she transferred. Once she recovered, Asuna found herself running to the gantry of the station. Deep inside her mind, it felt like there was a migraine, as her shattered thoughts continued to appear and disappear.
The girl grit her teeth and grimaced, "Yuuki, hang on." And ran into the taxi that arrived at the waiting point.

It seemed that the inpatient counter was notified. Once Asuna opened her tense lips to explain her intents, the nurse immediately handed over the pass and told her to hurry to the highest level of the central ward building.
Asuna hastily waited for the number that indicated the floor number to increase, and when the door opened, she immediately rushed out. She clumsily used the access pass on the scanner of the safety door, and even though she knew that she was breaking the rules, she continued to run. She ran through the white monotonous passageway. Once she made the last turn, the door to the sterile room where Yuuki lay asleep entered her eyes.
—But at this moment, Asuna could only stare wide eyed at the scene.
There were two doors lined with each other, and this should be the entrance to the observation room. Deep inside with large words of regulations was the sterile room. Asuna went through the thick enhanced doors before, and now, they were completely open. As she looked at the scene inside, one of the medical personnel in surgical clothing inside walked over quickly.
That person saw Asuna and nodded at her, even whispering 'Please hurry in'. While being prompted by that voice, Asuna shakily took a few steps forward, and yet stopped right in front of the door.
The insides of a white room immediately entered her vision.
The large number of apparatus that were installed inside were moved to the left wall. Two nurses and a doctor surrounded a gel bed in the middle of the room, watching over the petite figure there. The three people all wore ordinary white clothes.
Seeing this, Asuna immediately realized—nothing could be done. They could only wait beside the bed for 'that moment' which had already been pre-destined.
Doctor Kurahashi lifted his head, saw that Asuna was here, and immediately reached his left hand over as he wanted her to come over. Asuna struggled to move those lifeless legs of hers and entered the room.
There were only a few meters to the gel bed, yet she felt that it was ever so far away. Asuna was closing in on this harsh reality, and finally arrived beside the gel bed.
The skinny girl was lying on the bed, and the white blanket covered her all the way below her neck. Her frail chest was slightly suspended. The ECG on the top right corner showed a slight green waveform.
The Mebicuboid obscured the girl's head when she saw it previously, but its rectangular casing was now separated into halves. The top portion that split apart at the line between her ears was shifted 90 degrees to the back. The inside was a depression that fitted a human head and the face of that girl, sleeping with her eyes closed, was set in it.
This was the first time Asuna saw Yuuki's body in the real world. The girl who was so sickly was so thin that it was heart-aching, with her skin almost pale enough to be deemed translucent. Her face had a mysterious beauty to it, and Asuna even felt that this is what a pixie would look like if they really existed.
After staring at Yuuki for a while, Doctor Kurahashi, who was standing beside her, whispered,
"That's great...you made it just in time."
Unable to accept such words that she was able to make it in time, Asuna looked up at the doctor, but the rational eyes behind the lens looked back at Asuna earnestly. The doctor said again,
"40 minutes ago, her heart stopped once. We gave her drugs and a defibrillation shock, and she regained her pulse, but the next time..."
Asuna held her breath and let out her voice between her tightly gritted teeth. However, she couldn't say a meaningful complete sentence,
"Why...why is it...Yuuki, she's still..."
The doctor again nodded his head, and then shook it slightly.
"—Actually, when you were here in January, she was already in a state where such a thing could happen. The HIV's consumptive nature caused the high fever and the lymphoma in the primary central nervous system to deteriorate, and Yuuki had been in danger. However, we're all amazed that she was able to fight hard for these 3 months. She continued to win even in a battle of despair. She really did her best...no—if I really have to mention it..."
At this moment, the doctor's voice let out some trembling.
"To Yuuki, these 15 years of life was a long battle. Besides HIV...she had been fighting hard against the cold and harsh reality. The testing of Medicuboid should have given her lots of pain. But...Yuuki still persisted. Without her help, it's likely that Medicuboid can only be used a year later or so. So right now—it's best to let her rest..."
Upon hearing the doctor's words, Asuna silently said to Yuuki deep inside her heart,
Yuuki—how could you lose? You're the «Absolute Sword»...that invincible swordsman who could slash everything up. You should be able to defeat the illness and your fate—
At this moment.
Yuuki's head moved slightly. Her thin eyelids moved slightly before moving a little higher. The eyes under the eyelids that were supposed to be grey due to having lost its shine showed a clear shine as they stared at Asuna.
The lips that were about the same color as the skin twitched slightly, and the slender right hand that was under the blanket started to tremble as it slowly moved towards Asuna.
The doctor said with a conscious voice,
"Asuna-san...please hold her hand."
Before he even finished, Asuna immediately reached her hands out and covered Yuuki's right hand that was as thin as coal. The icy right hand seemed to be begging for something as it clasped onto Asuna's fingers tightly.
Immediately, Asuna seemed to have an epiphany or something as she understood what Yuuki wanted to say.
She held onto Yuuki's hand tightly and lifted her head to ask the doctor,
"Doctor...can we use the Medicuboid now?"
"Eh—it can be done once we turn on the power...but...Yuuki should be hoping to be outside the machine..."
"No, Yuuki wishes to return to that world once more. I can understand her feelings. Please...let her use the Medicuboid again!"
The doctor stared at Asuna's face for a few seconds before finally agreeing to her request. He gave a few instructions to the nurses beside him, and then held on to the handle on the side of the Medicuboid before covering the top half on Yuuki's head.
"It'll take about 1 minute to activate it...what about you?"
"I'll use the AmuSphere next door!"
Asuna said and grabbed Yuuki's hand hard before putting it back at the frail girl's side. Wait for me, I'll be right there—after muttering that, she got up and left.
Asuna ran out of the sterile room and arrived at the monitoring room beside it. She opened the door and jumped onto one of the two seats that appeared, and put the AmuSphere that was on the head-rest on her head. She switched on the power and waited for the launching sequence to start, but her heart was already at the other side.

Having woken up in the house of forests, Asuna leaped out of the window beside the room like she did when she logged in from the hospital, and moved down the main street. As she flew, she opened her window and immediately sent a message over to Lisbeth, Shiune and the rest, whom she had told to log in earlier just in case.
Having rushed through the transfer gate, Asuna transferred to Panareze without hesitation. The moment she arrived at the city above the lake, she moved over to an island far into the lake. Of course, her final destination was the large tree where they first met.
At this point, it's evening in Aincrad. The sunset that shone in from the outside dyed the lake water golden. Asuna looked like she was guided by this light as she flew in the sky to this island before landing urgently on the soft pasture.
She didn't need to look around the trees. Yuuki was standing where both of them had fought for the first time. What happened that day seemed to have been a long time ago. The deep purple long hair that had some chilly feeling to it swayed in the air, and the imp girl slowly looked back.
Yuuki immediately smiled as she saw Asuna approach, and Asuna smiled back at her.
"—Thank you, Asuna. I forgot something important. I have something I must return, so no matter what, I have to meet you here."
Her voice was as cheery as before, and one could hear a little trembling. Asuna felt that Yuuki had already used all her strength trying to talk.
However, Asuna asked back in a cheery tone as she walked over to Yuuki,
"What did you want to give me?"
"E-rm...I'll make it now. Please wait."
Yuuki smiled and called out the window before operating on it simply. After making the window disappear, she used her right hand and drew the sword at her waist loudly.
Yuuki's obsidian sword let out a flame-like red glow under the red sunset. She moved this sword to the front and pointed it at the large tree trunk in front of her, keeping this position until she was still, as if she was focusing the last ounce of her strength on the sword's tip.
The side of Yuuki's face distorted in pain. Her upper body swayed a little, but the legs that were opened were still trying hard to support the body.
Asuna really wanted to tell her not to force herself, but decided to bite her lips and wait. Suddenly, a gust of wind blew past the pasture. As the wind stopped, Yuuki suddenly moved.
"YAAA!!!"
The girl's right hand was swung out with such a shocking shout. The tip of the sword left 5 stab marks at a speed the naked eye couldn't see from the top right to the bottom left of the trunk. She drew the sword back, and left 5 marks from the top left corner to the bottom right corner. For each stab the lunge skill made, the trunk would make an exaggerated loud noise, and the towering trees continued to shake. If the trees were things that could be destroyed, they would be sliced in half already.
Having launched 10 strikes of the lunge skill, Yuuki used the strength in her entire body to pull the sword back and hit the intersection point. The blueish-purple dazzling light exploded all around, and the grass beside their feet bent backwards, looking like they were tossed away.
Even when the frenzy storm stopped, Yuuki, who stabbed the sword into the trunk, remained in her original position.
Suddenly, a small crest appeared in the center of the sword's tip. It spun and spread out, and also, a square parchment materialized from the surface of the branch. Once the crest that let out the blue glow was transferred onto the parchment, the parchment rolled up from the bottom.
Yuuki kept her sword, and the completed scroll floated in the air. She gradually reached out with her left hand and grabbed it.
The sword in the girl's right hand landed on the grass pasture, letting out a 'Ka-yan' sound. Yuuki's body swayed a little and moved backwards. Asuna hurriedly ran over to her to support her. Both of them sat down just like that, and Asuna used both her arms to hug Yuuki's small body.
Yuuki closed her eyes, causing Asuna to be shocked. But those eyelids immediately opened slowly. Yuuki let out a calm smile, and then seemed to murmur,
"That's strange...I've never felt pain or sadness, but I just feel weak..."
Asuna smiled back and said,
"It's alright. You're just tired. Just rest a little. You'll recover immediately."
"Un...Asuna...take this...it's my...OSS..."
This voice was completely different from before. It was stuttering and trembling at the same time. The one organ Yuuki had left, the brain where the consciousness was gathered, was about to wear out. This made Asuna rage inside, but she still held her emotions in check as she smiled and said,
"Are you really going to give it to me...?"
"I hope that...you will accept this...Asuna...here...open the window..."
"...Un."
Asuna waved her left hand to summon the window and opened the OSS settings menu. Yuuki raised her trembling hands and put the little scroll she was holding right onto the surface of the window. Once the scroll disappeared with the light, Yuuki sighed in a satisfied manner and put her left hand down. She smiled gently and seemed to be wheezing as she muttered,
"The name...of the skill...is «Mother's Rosario»...I suppose...it can help me...protect Asuna..."
On hearing these words, Asuna's tears finally landed on Yuuki's chest, but she still smiled and said with a clear voice,
"Thank you, Yuuki—I promise you, if I have to leave this world someday, I'll definitely pass this sword skill over to others. Your sword...shall live on forever."
"Un...thank you..."
Yuuki nodded her head. The amethyst eyes were letting out something glowing.
At this moment, there were several rumblings, or rather, sounds of flying being heard as they came closer. There were sounds of boots landing on the grass patch around Asuna and Yuuki. As they looked up, 5 people, Jun, Thatch, Taruken, Nori and Shiune were all over them and came running over.
They formed a semicircle around Yuuki and knelt down. Yuuki looked around at every face and showed a troubled look.
"What's with everyone...didn't we have, a farewell before...I told you, the promise, not to bid me farewell for the final time...didn't I..."
"We're not here to send you off. We're here to cheer for you. If our leader is going to be devastated in the next world because we're not around, we'll be really troubled!"
Jun smiled as he said. His hand that was covered by the reddish copper gauntlet grabbed Yuuki's right hand, and continued,
"Don't run around so much that I can't find you. I'll immediately find you."
"What...are you saying...that's too sudden...I'll get angry...you know..."
Making a 'chi chi' sound with her tongue, Nori cheerily said,
"That won't do. If we're not around, you can't do anything, leader. Just wait down there...wait for us..."
Nori's face suddenly twisted, and tears started to flow out from her large black eyes. Then, she made 2, 3 whimpers from deep inside her throat that couldn't be suppressed.
"That won't do...Nori...you promised not to cry, didn't you..."
Smiling and interrupting this, Shiune's face showed two lines of clear tears. Thatch and Taruken had no intention of hiding their tears as they held on to Yuuki's hand.
Yuuki again stared at the faces of the quintet, and then smiled and tearily said to them,
"Really, you guys...I'll be waiting there...for you people...take your time and come over...it's alright..."
The 6 members of the Sleeping Knights overlapped their hands together and looked like they would be swearing a reunion before nodding their heads hard. Once Shiune and company got up, another few flapping of wings could be heard approaching.
The ones who appeared were Kirito, Yui, Lisbeth, Lyfa and Silica. Everyone landed and immediately joined the ranks around Yuuki, and then grabbed Yuuki's hand hard.
Asuna was hugging Yuuki as she watched everything with teary eyes. Suddenly, she noticed something. Once Kirito and the rest stopped, there were still slight sounds of wings fluttering, and it wasn't just one. Wings of all sorts of tribes overlapped each other, forming a grand echo that's like an organ.
Asuna, Yuuki, Shiune, Lisbeth and company all looked at the sky.
They saw a large ribbon that came over from the direction of Panareze.
Several players were flying over in a straight line. The one in the front most position was the leader of the sylphs, Sakuya, whose coat fluttered with the wind. Beside her were sylphs wearing green shirts of different shades. Looking over at the numbers, it seemed that all the sylphs that were logged in came over.
No—it's not just the main street. Even in all directions from all around, many ribbons were coming over to the island. The red ribbons belong to the Salamanders, and the yellow should represent the Cait Siths. Also, there were Imps, Gnomes, Undines...and all sorts of player organisations leading all sorts of tribes over to the large tree. There's about 500...no, more than a 1000 people.
Yuuki looked wide-eyed in Asuna's arms and let out a cry of amazement.
"Uwahh...that's amazing...so many elves..."
Asuna smiled and said to her,
"Sorry, you hate to mobilize so many people, Yuuki...but I asked Lisbeth to call them over."
"Why would I...that's silly...but, why are there so many people...it's like...I'm dreaming..."
Yuuki muttered as she panted, and the swordsmen that arrived at the sky above the island let out a waterfall-like sound as they descended. Sakuya and Alicia and the other leaders of the organisations were gathered outside as they surrounded Asuna and company, and then knelt down on one leg and lowered their heads. This wasn't an island that was really big, and immediately after, it was filled with players.
Asuna stared at Yuuki's eyes and tried to express the emotions in her heart into words.
"Be...because..."
Her tears dropped again.
"Yuuki...you were once the strongest swordsman in this world...and there wouldn't be any swordsman that would appear in this world like you. I really couldn't let you go alone like that...everyone, everyone is praying for you...hoping that your new journey will be as perfect as this one..."
"...So happy...I'm really...happy..."
Yuuki lifted her neck and looked around at the swordsmen around her before leaning her head on Asuna's arm.
Yuuki closed her eyes, and her thin chest puffed and breathed a few times. She used those purple eyes to look at Asuna once more. She then breathed hard, seemingly squeezing her last ounce of strength, and continued in an interrupted voice,
"I've always...always been thinking, that I, who had to face death ever since I was born...what's the meaning of living in this world...I can't create anything in this world, and I can't help others...I can only waste countless drugs and machines...can only bring trouble to others...I'm bothered too, hurt...if I have to disappear in the end...just let me disappear...I thought of that a few times...I just felt...why did I have to be born in this world..."
The last remaining ounce of life was seeping away from Yuuki. The petite body in Asuna's arms seemed to be turning lighter bit by bit and transparent. Yuuki's voice became softer and softer, as if it was going to stop immediately. However, no language could mark itself deep inside Asuna's soul.
"But...but...I felt that I finally got the answer...even...if it's meaningless...if I can live...that's enough...because...at the final moment...I could actually feel...such meaning...so many people...are surrounding me...and I'm lying in...the arms of the one I loved the most...as I await the terminal of the journey..."
Yuuki's words stopped with a simple and short pant. Her eyes seemed to see through Asuna and out at a distant place. Was she looking at the real otherworld—the real elf island where the heroes' souls resided?


Asuna couldn't hold back the tears that were dropping. The dripping tears continued to land on Yuuki's chest, disintegrate into light particles and scatter. However, her mouth naturally smiled. Asuna nodded her head hard and said the final words to Yuuki,
"I...I'll definitely meet you again. Even if it's somewhere else, another world, I'll meet you again...at that moment, you must tell me...what you found there..."
Yuuki's purple eyes immediately met Asuna's stare. Deep inside her eyes, there was the shine of the endless energy and courage Asuna saw when she met Yuuki the first time. The shine immediately formed two drops of tears that flowed out, down Yuuki's pale face, and finally dissolved and faded into light.
She moved her lips slightly and made a smile. At this moment, a voice entered Asuna's consciousness directly.

I tried my best to live... Here, I really lived...

As if the last snowflake landed on the pure white snowy field, the «Absolute Sword» Yuuki closed her eyes.

Chapter 12
The slight touch on the right shoulder of the uniform caused Asuna to look over; it was a light sakura petal on it.
The girl used a fingertip of her left hand to tap it. It was an oval shaped petal without any stains on it, looking as if it wanted to indicate something as it continued to move. It finally floated with the breeze and disappeared amongst the many white spots dancing in the air. Putting her hands back on her knees, Asuna looked at the blurry spring sky again.
Right now, it’s the first Saturday of April, 3pm.
It has been a week since Yuuki died, and her funeral had just ended. The location of the funeral was a Christian church surrounded by sakura trees in the hilly region of Hodogaya, Yokohama District, and the petals that started falling looked like they were sending Yuuki off —however, the funeral itself was far from the stereotype of being 'solemn'. Including the aunt, who was the mourner, there were only four relatives who attended the funeral. However, there were more than 100 youths who claimed to be Yuuki’s friends. Of course, these people in their teens and twenties were all players of ALO. The relative who accepted the signatures at the counter may have thought that Yuuki didn’t have many friends because she had been hospitalized for more than 3 years, and seemed to be thoroughly shocked by the turnout.
Once the funeral ended, everyone was at the large front yard in front of the church discussing the «Absolute Sword» incident, but Asuna herself couldn’t get together with the crowd for some reason, and she quietly left to find a bench behind the shadows of the church sanctuary as she looked up at the sky by herself.
Yuuki had left this world—the Yuuki who said hello through a probe on the shoulder, the Yuuki who smiled when she saw Asuna’s cooking in the home of forests, had gone to a faraway place and would never come back. Up till now, Asuna couldn’t accept this fact. This girl wasn’t crying anymore, but whether it was in the midst of a noisy crowd, a corner in a café, or in the winds of Alfheim, her heart raced whenever she thought she heard Yuuki’s voice.
During the past few days, Asuna had been thinking about what «life» exactly meant.
All lifeforms were instruments of gene transfer that existed to increase the chances of their own blood’s continued existence in the future. Decades ago, this saying seemed to have caused a commotion. If it was viewed merely through this point, even people who suffered from HIV in such an age, lack of an immune system or something similar would only be considered a mere lifeform. However, this virus would continue to multiply and duplicate itself until it took the life of its host Yuuki, causing her death.
If one thought of it in another way, humans had been doing the same thing for thousands of years. they took other people’s lives for their own gain, they sacrificed other countries to ensure their own countries' safety. Even when she looked up at the sky, she could see a formation of fighter jets flying from Atsugi base to an unknown place, letting out white contrails on the other side of the spring scenery. Will humans one day destroy the world they exist in like this virus? Or will they be defeated by some organism with higher intelligence and be cast away…?

The last words Yuuki left behind still echoed in Asuna’s ears. She said that she couldn’t create anything in this world, and couldn’t give any help to others—Yuuki herself didn’t leave any of her genes behind as she left this world.
However, Asuna’s inner thoughts were moving as she touched the butterfly knot on her uniform. Yuuki did use this instantaneous touch to leave a mark that couldn’t be erased deep inside her heart. The soul of the «Absolute Sword» and the heroic bearing that challenged this great difficulty continued to live on in Asuna’s heart. The youths that were present amounted to more than 100, and they should have the same thoughts as Asuna. Even as the memories fade with time, even as the memories crystallize, there would be something in everyone’s hearts.
In that case, life wasn’t just a transfer of information through the 4 bases[5]. It was an instrument that could hold memories, mind and soul that didn’t have any physical bodies. In the distant future, if humans could really create a complete medium of a spirit through memes or an ambiguous state where the brain mimics the virus, the incomplete life of humanity could then use this to prevent their own extinction—
Until that day comes, I must use a way I can to transfer Yuuki’s soul on. When I have children, I will continue to explain this incident to them, I will let them know that in a gap between reality and the virtual world, a miraculous petite girl once let out such a glow.
Asuna muttered to herself deep in her heart, and then silently opened those eyes that she did not know she had closed.
She saw a figure coming over from a corner of the building in front of the porch, and hurriedly used her fingers to wipe away the tears in her eyes.
It was a lady. Asuna felt that she met her before somewhere, but didn’t have any impression on that face at all. That woman’s body was slightly tall, and she had a simple looking black one-piece dress with a shawl covering her shoulders. She had shoulder-length black hair, and the silver necklace in front of her chest was the only ornament on her. She looked like she was in her twenties.
The woman headed over to Asuna and finally stopped slightly in front of her before bowing. Asuna hurriedly got up, and once she lifted her head, the seemingly transparent clear skin of the woman entered her eyes. The pale white reminded Asuna of herself when she woke up from her long slumber. Looking at it closely, one could tell that the woman’s neck which was exposed out of the shawl was as slender as a wrist, it looked like it would break with a single touch.
The other party stared wordlessly at Asuna’s face for a while, and then, those beautiful date-shaped eyes showed a tender expression as her lips showed a slight smile.
“Are you Asuna-san? You look just like you did in the virtual world. I recognized you at first glance.”
On hearing those calm and wise words, Asuna immediately guessed who this woman in front of her was.
“Ah…are you, Shiune-san…?”
“Ehh, that’s right. My real name’s An Shi En. Nice to meet you…and long time no see.”
“Ni, nice to meet you for the first time! I’m Yuuki Asuna. We haven’t met for a week.”
After the somewhat awkward greeting, both of them started chuckling. Asuna used her left hand to indicate for Shi En to sit down on the bench, and she sat down beside her.
At this moment, Asuna noticed something. All the Sleeping Knights members were probably patients who were struck with terminal illnesses and needed care at a hospice. Was it really alright for her to come out alone like that…?
Shi En seemed to notice Asuna’s concern as she nodded her head slightly before saying,
“Don’t worry. I finally got permission to go out during April. My brother came along with me too, but I wanted him to wait for me outside.”
“…Then…your body’s already…?”
“Yes…I had acute lymphoblastic leukemia… in other words, the leukemia in my body disappeared... I had it three years ago, and I went into remission after undergoing chemotherapy... But I fell ill again last year…after that relapse, the doctor indicated that the only effective treatment was a bone marrow transplant. But the white blood cell composition of my family members didn’t match mine…and the bone bank didn’t have any suitable donors for me. I was already mentally ready and decided to make use of my remaining time…”
Shi En paused for a while and looked at the sakura flowers above. A small little vortex breeze whipped up several flower petals and made them dance like snowflakes.
“—Once my illness relapsed, I couldn’t undergo a bone marrow transplant, and was administered all sorts of drugs and salvage chemotherapy to ease the pain. But because of the overuse of new and test drugs, the side effects were really serious…it was really so tough that I had thought of giving up a few times. I told the attending doctor many times before that if there’s no hope, just let me go through chemotherapy so that I can go through my last moments…”
Asuna suddenly noticed that Shi En’s hair that swayed with the sakura flowers was actually a wig.
“But…whenever I met Yuuki, I just had the thought of not giving up easily. Yuuki had been fighting with the same pain for 15 years, and how could I, someone older than her, give up after a mere three years of treatment? I kept telling myself this—however, the amount of medication dropped slowly since February this year…and the doctor told me that my condition was improving. However, I just felt in my heart that the moment finally came. They changed my medications from the salvaging chemotherapy type to the treatment more common for standard living. I was really scared then…and yet felt at ease. I knew about Yuuki’s condition, so I felt…if Yuuki’s with me, it doesn’t matter even if I go to another world. No matter where I go, she’ll be protecting me…it’s funny, isn’t it? Yuuki’s younger than me, yet I rely on her so much…”
“No…I can understand.”
Asuna replied simply and nodded her head. Shi En then smiled and nodded as she continued on,
“—In the end…a week ago, the following day after I said farewell to Yuuki, the doctor came to my room…and said that I had recovered completely…the leukemia has completely vanished, and I could be discharged. I was wondering what nonsense he was spouting, whether he was just letting me go back to meet my family and say my farewells? I was wondering about that…and in the midst of confusion, I was really discharged two days later. Yesterday, I even felt that I may be cured. I heard that a certain test drug was really effective…”
Shi En paused for a while again, and her smile was twisted with a somewhat teary expression.
“But, I just felt that something didn’t feel right. This time was given to me when I felt that it was long gone, and only served to bother me. And…and to Yuuki, this is…”
Shi En’s voice trembled a little, and when Asuna noticed the little tears that appeared in the corners of her eyes, she couldn’t help but feel sad too.
“Yuuki was waiting, yet I’m the only one waiting. Is this really already…I already promised Yuuki, Ran-san, Clovis and Merida that…we’ll always be together…yet I…yet I…”
Shi En couldn’t talk any further as she lowered her head and her shoulders continued to tremble.
Ran-san should be the first guild leader, which would make her Yuuki’s older sister. The other two should be Sleeping Knight members who were already dead. The members of the Sleeping Knights may have experienced the most devastating and painful lives in this world, and the trials that were experienced may be more reliable than being family or lovers in a certain sense. Asuna felt that she had no right to say anything, but she couldn’t help but do so.
She reached her left hand out and silently covered Shi En’s right hand that was placed on the bench. Shi En’s fingers were thin, but Asuna really felt a sense of warmth from the hand.
“Shi En-san. I’ve…been recently thinking about…life should be something that can hold and pass a person’s thoughts. For a long time, I’ve been scared of expressing my thoughts to others, and I didn’t dare to look into other people’s thoughts. But Yuuki told me that there was nothing to be scared of. I want to pass this strength I learnt from Yuuki to more people. I hope that while I’m still alive, I can pass Yuuki’s thoughts to further places, and then…when I meet Yuuki again, I hope that I can pass her even more thoughts.”
It was a little interrupted, but Asuna still tried her best to say such words. She felt that she didn’t express more than half of her emotions, but Shi En, who lowered her head, slowly nodded her head deeply as she put her other hand on Asuna’s left hand.
Shi En lifted her face, and though those beautiful black eyes were stained with tears, she was smiling.
“Thank you…Asuna-san.”
After muttering that, Shi En reached her arms out to hug Asuna, and Asuna hugged her thin body hard. Shi En then whispered beside Asuna’s eyes,
“We’re all thankful to you, Asuna-san. Ever since Yuuki’s sister, Ran-san died, Yuuki’s been trying her best to encourage and support us in place of her sister, and we ended up over-relying on her…whether it’s pain or difficulties, Yuuki would lend her strength to support us. You might feel that it’s pointless saying this now…I was really worried about Yuuki. I was wondering who would be Yuuki’s pillar of support. She was always smiling and never showed any signs of irritation…but I was worried that one day, the petite her would bear too much and crumble…at that moment—you appeared. Yuuki looked really happy when she was with you, Asuna-san. She just looked so natural, like a bird who finally knew how to fly. She seemed to be able to fly so high into the skies…until we couldn’t reach it…and then left us…”
After saying this, Shi En paused for a moment, and the screen inside Asuna’s heart showed an instant glimpse of Yuuki becoming a bird and flying high in the other world.
Shi En moved her body aside and smiled in a somewhat sheepish manner. She used her fingers to wipe away her tears, and took a deep breath before saying in a clear voice:
“—Actually, it’s not just me. Jun…was also afflicted with cancer that was tough to treat, but recently, the drug that was given started to work really well, and I heard that the tumor got smaller. It’s like Yuuki’s telling both of us that it’s too early for us. Looks like it’ll be a long time before the Sleeping Knights are finally together.”
“…Yeah. Next time, you must put me as a formal member.”
Asuna and Shi En exchanged looks with each other, fufu, and started laughing. They lifted their heads and looked at the sakura-colored sky. The steady breeze blew from behind, shaking their hair. Asuna imagined Yuuki hugging both of them on the shoulders and flying off while flapping her wings, and then silently closed her eyes again.
A few minutes passed just like that. Two sets of new footsteps that approached them broke this silence. They turned their faces behind, and saw a boy wearing the same uniform as Asuna — Kirigaya Kazuto, and Doctor Kurahashi in black robes, walking over.
Asuna and Shi En got up and greeted the two people who approached them. They both nodded their heads. Kazuto then said to Asuna,
“So you’re here. Did I bother you two?”
“No. But…eh? Kirito-kun, you know Doctor Kurahashi?”
“Uun…recently. Because of that message probe recently, we’ve been using email to contact each other.”
Doctor Kurahashi then interrupted,
“Yeah. That camera was really interesting, so I was discussing with him over whether it was suitable for use in FullDive Technology.”
“I see. Then…that means…”
Asuna suddenly thought of something, and asked the doctor,
“How’s the testing with the Medicuboid? Did someone inherit that screen…?”
On hearing that, the doctor immediately smiled and nodded his head hard, saying,
“Ah, it’s nothing. We got sufficient data for the testing. We’re proceeding with negotiations with the manufacturers for a practical product. Maybe An-san and the rest can use Medicuboid soon…”
The last parts of these words were said to Shi En, but after talking till here, the doctor widened his eyes and hurriedly said,
“Ahh, I’m really sorry. I should have said this right from the beginning—congratulations on your discharge, An-san. I suppose Yuuki… should be rather happy…”
Shi En tightly grabbed the hand the doctor had extended over and nodded her head hard. Then, she held hands with Kazuto, whom she befriended in the game.
“Thank you. I may not need to use the Medicuboid now…but I’m happy…about the thoughts that I can leave a data of my memory to bless many people fighting with illnesses.”
Once Shi En said that, the doctor continued nodding.
“Yes. As the first tester of that machine, Yuuki’s name will live on forever—I really want to award this prize to her and the external provider who came up with the initial design…”
“I suppose Yuuki didn’t want the prize. She may have said that prizes couldn’t be eaten.”
Shi En’s words caused everyone to laugh. As the calm laughter subsided, Asuna noticed some part of the words Doctor Kurahashi said, and repeated it,
“Then…doctor, who did you say was the external provider of the initial design…? Wasn’t Medicuboid designed by a medical device manufacturer?”
“Ahh…erm, about that.”
The doctor seemed to be racking his own memory as he narrowed his eyes.
“Of course, the device was manufactured by the device manufacturer, but the so-called core of the device, the basic design of the high-density signal component was provided for free by an external party. I remember that person was a female…should be a researcher in a foreign university. But she’s Japanese…erm, she’s called…”
Doctor Kurahashi then said the name. Asuna never heard of it before, and Shi En should be the same too, but the expression Kazuto showed caused Asuna to gasp.
Kazuto seemed to have heard something unbelievable as his expression became really hollow. His pale lips trembled a few times.
“Wha…what’s with you, Kirito-kun?”
Asuna called out in a panicked manner, but Kazuto just remained silent. After a while, his lips let out a hoarse voice.
“I…I know that person.”
“Eh…?”
“And I met her before…”
Kazuto immediately looked at Asuna’s eyes. His black iris looked like they went through time and space as he looked as if he was staring at a certain other world.
“When Heathcliff dived…that person took care of him. Both of them researched the FullDive technology in the same lab in the university…in other words, the real provider for Medicuboid’s basic design was…”
“…”
At this moment, Asuna couldn’t talk.
Does this mean—Medicuboid and «The Seed Nexus» were both born out of the seed that person grew?
Shi En and Doctor Kurahashi tilted their heads in a puzzled manner, but Kazuto couldn’t answer their question. He could only look completely bewildered as he stared at the sakura petals that continued to float by his eyes.
Suddenly, Asuna felt a large torrent of time flowing through.
This world called «reality» is basically one of the many truths.
Besides it, there were also high tectonics that formed the earth like numerous flower petals gathering.
And right now, a large force that covered the world and continued to move forward was slowly showing its shape—
Asuna used her arms to hug her body tightly. At this moment, a strong gust of wind blew, causing the petals that were floating nearby to be taken into the distant sky.

